.

          In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider
the following factors which could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of
operations. The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Additional factors not
presently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely
affect our business operations.

Worldwide and domestic economic trends and financial market conditions could adversely
impact our financial performance and the investment performance of
pension plan holdings.

          As widely reported, the worldwide and domestic economies have experienced adverse conditions
and may be subject to further deterioration for the foreseeable future. We are subject to risks
associated with these adverse conditions, including economic slowdown and the disruption,
volatility and tightening of credit and capital markets.

          In addition, this global economic situation could adversely impact our major suppliers,
distributors and retailers. The inability of suppliers, distributors or retailers to conduct
business or to access liquidity could impact our ability to produce and distribute our products.
We have a committed credit facility and additional liquidity facilities available to us. While to
date we have not experienced problems with accessing these facilities, to the extent that the
financial institutions that participate in these facilities were to default on their obligation to
fund, those funds would not be available to us.

          We also sponsor a limited number of defined benefit plans that cover some of our non-U.S. employees. Our costs of providing defined benefit
plans are dependent upon a number of factors, such as discount rates, the rates of return on the plans’ assets,
exchange rate fluctuations, future governmental regulation, global equity prices, and our required and/or voluntary
contributions to the plans. The obligations of certain of these defined benefit pension plans exceed the value of the plans’
assets and we continue to service these obligations as appropriate. Without sustained growth in the pension investments over time to
increase the value of the plans’ assets, and depending upon the other factors listed above, we could be required to increase funding for some or all of these plans.

          The timing and nature of any recovery in the financial markets remains uncertain, and there
can be no assurance that market conditions will improve in the near future. A prolonged downturn,
further worsening or broadening of the adverse conditions in the worldwide and domestic economies
could affect consumer spending patterns and purchases of our products, and create or exacerbate
credit issues, cash flow issues and other financial hardships for us and for our suppliers,
distributors, retailers and consumers, as well as further reduce
defined benefit pension plan assets. Depending upon their severity and duration, these
conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business, liquidity, financial condition and
results of operations. The Company is unable to predict the likely duration and severity of the
current disruption in the financial markets and the adverse economic conditions in the United
States and its other major markets outside the United States.

Our indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our financial health.

          We have incurred substantial indebtedness to finance our acquisitions. In the future, we may
incur substantial additional indebtedness to finance further acquisitions or for other purposes.
Our ability to satisfy our debt obligations outstanding from time to time will depend upon our
future operating performance. We do not have complete control over our future operating
performance because it is subject to prevailing economic conditions, levels of interest rates and
financial, business and other factors. We cannot assure you that our business will generate
sufficient cash flow from operations to meet all of our debt service requirements and to fund our
capital expenditure requirements.

10

Table of Contents

          Our current and future debt service obligations and covenants could have important
consequences to you. These consequences include, or may include, the following:

•

Our ability to obtain financing for future working capital needs or acquisitions or
other purposes may be limited;

•

Our funds available for operations, expansion or distributions will be reduced
because we will dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to the
payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness;

•

Our ability to conduct our business could be limited by restrictive covenants; and

•

Our vulnerability to adverse economic conditions may be greater than less leveraged
competitors and, thus, our ability to withstand competitive pressures may be limited.

          Our senior credit facility and the indentures under which our debt securities have been issued
contain restrictive covenants. These covenants affect our ability to, among other things, grant
liens and restrict changes of control and certain other fundamental changes. Our senior credit
facility also contains covenants that restrict our ability to make acquisitions, incur debt, sell
assets, pay dividends, enter into transactions with affiliates and make investments. It also
contains certain financial covenants, including a debt ratio test and an interest coverage ratio
test. These covenants could limit our ability to conduct business. If we fail to comply with the
obligations contained in the senior credit facility, our existing or future indentures or other
loan agreements, we could be in default under such agreements, which could require us to
immediately repay the related debt and also debt under other agreements that may contain
cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions.

Our acquisition, divestiture and joint venture strategies may not be successful.

          We have made a number of acquisitions, including our acquisition of the Fortune Brands, Inc.
U.S. wine business and our SVEDKA acquisition, and we anticipate that we may, from time to time,
acquire additional businesses, assets or securities of companies that we believe would provide a
strategic fit with our business. We will need to integrate acquired businesses with our existing
operations. We cannot assure you that we will effectively assimilate the business or product
offerings of acquired companies into our business or product offerings or realize anticipated
operational synergies. Integrating the operations and personnel of acquired companies into our
existing operations or separating from our existing operations the operations and personnel of
businesses of which we divest may result in difficulties, significant expense and accounting
charges, disrupt our business or divert management’s time and attention. In connection with the
integration of acquired operations or the conduct of our overall business strategies, we may
periodically restructure our businesses and/or sell assets or portions of our business, including
the recent sales of our U.K. cider business and the value spirits business. We
may not achieve expected cost savings from restructuring activities or realize the expected
proceeds from sales of assets or portions of our business, and actual charges, costs and
adjustments due to restructuring activities may vary materially from our estimates. Additionally,
our final determinations and appraisals of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities
assumed in our acquisitions may vary materially from earlier estimates. We cannot assure you that
the fair value of acquired businesses will remain constant.

          Acquisitions involve numerous other risks, including potential exposure to unknown liabilities
of acquired companies and the possible loss of key employees and customers of the acquired
business. In connection with acquisitions or joint venture investments outside the U.S., we may
enter into derivative contracts to purchase foreign currency in order to hedge against the risk of
foreign currency fluctuations in connection with such acquisitions or joint venture investments,
which subjects us to the risk of foreign currency fluctuations associated with such derivative
contracts.

11

Table of Contents

          We have entered into joint ventures, including our joint venture with Modelo and our joint
venture with Punch, and we may enter into additional joint ventures. We share control of our joint
ventures. Our joint venture partners may at any time have economic, business or legal interests or
goals that are inconsistent with our goals or the goals of the joint venture. Our joint venture
arrangements may require us to pay certain costs or to make certain capital investments and we may
have little control over the amount or the timing of these payments and investments. In addition,
our joint venture partners may be unable to meet their economic or other obligations and we may be
required to fulfill those obligations alone. Our failure or the failure of an entity in which we
have a joint venture interest to adequately manage the risks associated with any acquisitions or
joint ventures could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of
operations. We cannot assure you that any of our acquisitions or joint ventures will be profitable
or that forecasts regarding joint venture activities will be accurate. In particular, risks and
uncertainties associated with our joint ventures include, among others, the joint venture’s ability
to operate its business successfully, the joint venture’s ability to develop appropriate standards,
controls, procedures and policies for the growth and management of the joint venture and the
strength of the joint venture’s relationships with its employees, suppliers and customers.

Competition could have a material adverse effect on our business.

          We are in a highly competitive industry and the dollar amount and unit volume of our sales
could be negatively affected by our inability to maintain or increase prices, changes in geographic
or product mix, a general decline in beverage alcohol consumption or the decision of wholesalers,
retailers or consumers to purchase competitive products instead of our products. Wholesaler,
retailer and consumer purchasing decisions are influenced by, among other things, the perceived
absolute or relative overall value of our products, including their quality or pricing, compared to
competitive products. Unit volume and dollar sales could also be affected by pricing, purchasing,
financing, operational, advertising or promotional decisions made by wholesalers, state and
provincial agencies, and retailers which could affect their supply of, or consumer demand for, our
products. We could also experience higher than expected selling, general and administrative
expenses if we find it necessary to increase the number of our personnel or our advertising or
marketing expenditures to maintain our competitive position or for other reasons.

12

Table of Contents

An increase in import and excise duties or other taxes or government regulations could have a
material adverse effect on our business.

          The U.S., the U.K., Canada, Australia and other countries in which we operate impose import
and excise duties and other taxes on beverage alcohol products in varying amounts which have been
subject to change. Significant increases in import and excise duties or other taxes on beverage
alcohol products could materially and adversely affect our financial condition or results of
operations. Many U.S. states have considered proposals to increase, and some of these states have
increased, state alcohol excise taxes. There may be further consideration by governmental entities
to increase taxes upon beverage alcohol products as governmental entities explore available
alternatives for raising funds during the current macroeconomic climate. In addition, federal,
state, local and foreign governmental agencies extensively regulate the beverage alcohol products
industry concerning such matters as licensing, trade and pricing practices, permitted and required
labeling, advertising and relations with wholesalers and retailers. Certain federal and state or
provincial regulations also require warning labels and signage. New or revised regulations or
increased licensing fees, requirements or taxes could also have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition or results of operations.

We rely on the performance of wholesale distributors, major retailers and government agencies for
the success of our business.

          Local market structures and distribution channels vary worldwide. In the U.S., we sell our
products principally to wholesalers for resale to retail outlets including grocery stores, club and
discount stores, package liquor stores and restaurants and also directly to government agencies.
In the U.K., we sell our products principally to retailers and also to wholesalers. In Australia,
we sell our products principally to wholesalers and also directly to retailers, while in Canada, we
sell our products principally to government agencies. The replacement or poor performance of our major
wholesalers, retailers or government agencies could materially and adversely affect our results of
operations and financial condition. Our inability to collect accounts receivable from our major
wholesalers, retailers or government agencies could also materially and adversely affect our
results of operations and financial condition.

          The industry is being affected by the trend toward consolidation in the wholesale and retail
distribution channels, particularly in Europe and the U.S. If we are unable to successfully adapt
to this changing environment, our net income, market share and volume growth could be negatively
affected. In addition, wholesalers and retailers of our products offer products which compete
directly with our products for retail shelf space and consumer purchases. Accordingly, wholesalers
or retailers may give higher priority to products of our competitors. In the future, our
wholesalers and retailers may not continue to purchase our products or provide our products with
adequate levels of promotional support.

13

Table of Contents

Our business could be adversely affected by a decline in the consumption of products we sell.

          Since 1995, there have been modest increases in consumption of beverage alcohol in most of our
product categories and geographic markets. There have been periods in the past, however, in which
there were substantial declines in the overall per capita consumption of beverage alcohol products
in the U.S. and other markets in which we participate. A limited or general decline in consumption
in one or more of our product categories could occur in the future due to a variety of factors,
including:

•

A general decline in economic or geo-political conditions;

•

Increased concern about the health consequences of consuming beverage alcohol
products and about drinking and driving;

•

A general decline in the consumption of beverage alcohol products in on-premise
establishments, such as may result from smoking bans;

•

A trend toward a healthier diet including lighter, lower calorie beverages such as
diet soft drinks, sports drinks and water products;

•

The increased activity of anti-alcohol groups;

•

Increased federal, state or foreign excise or other taxes on beverage alcohol
products; and

•

Increased regulation placing restrictions on the purchase or consumption of beverage
alcohol products.

          In addition, our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new products.
The launch and ongoing success of new products are inherently uncertain especially with regard to
their appeal to consumers. The launch of a new product can give rise to a variety of costs and an
unsuccessful launch, among other things, can affect consumer perception of existing brands.

We generally purchase raw materials under short-term supply contracts, and we are subject to
substantial price fluctuations for grapes and grape-related materials, and we have a limited group
of suppliers of glass bottles.

          Our business is heavily dependent upon raw materials, such as grapes, grape juice concentrate,
grains, alcohol and packaging materials from third-party suppliers. We could experience raw
material supply, production or shipment difficulties that could adversely affect our ability to
supply goods to our customers. Increases in the costs of raw materials also directly affect us.
In the past, we have experienced dramatic increases in the cost of grapes. Although we believe we
have adequate sources of grape supplies, in the event demand for certain wine products exceeds
expectations, we could experience shortages.

          The wine industry swings between cycles of grape oversupply and undersupply. In a severe
oversupply environment, the ability of wine producers, including ourselves, to raise prices is
limited, and, in certain situations, the competitive environment may put pressure on producers to
lower prices. Further, although an oversupply may enhance opportunities to purchase grapes at
lower costs, a producer’s selling and promotional expenses associated with the sale of its wine
products can rise in such an environment.

          Glass bottle costs are one of our largest components of cost of product sold. In the U.S.,
Canada and Australia, glass bottles have only a small number of producers. Currently, one producer
supplies most of our glass container requirements for our U.S. operations and another producer
supplies substantially all of our glass container requirements for our Australian operations and
one of its affiliates supplies a majority of our glass container requirements for our Canadian
operations. The inability of any of our glass bottle suppliers to satisfy our requirements could
adversely affect our business.

14

Table of Contents

Our operations subject us to risks relating to currency rate fluctuations, interest rate
fluctuations and geopolitical uncertainty which could have a material adverse effect on our
business.

          We have operations in different countries throughout the world and, therefore, are subject to
risks associated with currency fluctuations. As a result of our international acquisitions, we
have significant exposure to foreign currency risk as a result of having international operations
in Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the U.K. We are also exposed to risks associated with
interest rate fluctuations. We manage our exposure to foreign currency and interest rate risks
utilizing derivative instruments and other means to reduce those risks. We, however, could
experience changes in our ability to hedge against or manage fluctuations in foreign currency
exchange rates or interest rates and, accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be
successful in reducing those risks. We could also be affected by nationalizations or unstable
governments or legal systems or intergovernmental disputes. These currency, economic and political
uncertainties may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, especially to the
extent these matters, or the decisions, policies or economic strength of our suppliers, affect our
global operations.

We have a material amount of intangible assets, such as goodwill and trademarks, and if we are
required to write-down any of these intangible assets, it would reduce our net income, which in
turn could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

          During the years ended February 28, 2010, February 28, 2009, and February 29, 2008, we
recorded impairment losses of $103.2 million, $300.4 million and $812.2 million, respectively, on
our intangible assets and goodwill. We continue to have a significant amount of intangible assets,
such as goodwill and trademarks. In accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(“FASB”) guidance for intangibles – goodwill and other, goodwill and indefinite lived intangible
assets are subject to a periodic impairment evaluation. Reductions in our net income caused by the
write-down of any of these intangible assets could materially and adversely affect our results of
operations.

The termination of our joint venture with Modelo relating to importing, marketing and selling
imported beer could have a material adverse effect on our business.

          On January 2, 2007, we participated in establishing and commencing operations of a joint
venture with Modelo, pursuant to which Corona Extra and the other Modelo Brands are imported,
marketed and sold by the joint venture in the U.S. (including the District of Columbia) and Guam
along with certain other imported beer brands in their respective territories. Pursuant to the
joint venture and related importation arrangements, the joint venture will continue for an initial
term of 10 years, and renew in 10-year periods unless GModelo Corporation, a Delaware corporation
and subsidiary of Diblo, gives notice prior to the end of year seven of any term of its intention
to purchase our interest we hold through our subsidiary, Constellation Beers Ltd. (“Constellation
Beers”). The joint venture may also terminate under other circumstances involving action by
governmental authorities, certain changes in control of us or Constellation Beers as well as in
connection with certain breaches of the importation and related sub-license agreements, after
notice and cure periods.

          The termination of the joint venture by acquisition of Constellation Beers’ interest or for
other reasons noted above could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
or results of operations.

15

Table of Contents

Class action or other litigation relating to alcohol abuse or the misuse of alcohol could adversely
affect our business.

          There has been increased public attention directed at the beverage alcohol industry, which we
believe is due to concern over problems related to alcohol abuse, including drinking and driving,
underage drinking and health consequences from the misuse of alcohol. Adverse developments in
lawsuits concerning these types of matters or a significant decline in the social acceptability of beverage alcohol
products that results from lawsuits could have a material adverse
effect on our business.

We depend upon our trademarks and proprietary rights, and any failure to protect our intellectual
property rights or any claims that we are infringing upon the rights of others may adversely affect
our competitive position and brand equity.

          Our future success depends significantly on our ability to protect our current and future
brands and products and to defend our intellectual property rights. We have been granted numerous
trademark registrations covering our brands and products and have filed, and expect to continue to
file, trademark applications seeking to protect newly-developed brands and products. We cannot be
sure that trademark registrations will be issued with respect to any of our trademark applications.
There is also a risk that we could, by omission, fail to timely renew or protect a trademark or
that our competitors will challenge, invalidate or circumvent any existing or future trademarks
issued to, or licensed by, us.

Contamination could harm the integrity or customer support for our brands and adversely affect the
sales of our products.

          The success of our brands depends upon the positive image that consumers have of those brands.
Contamination, whether arising accidentally or through deliberate third-party action, or other
events that harm the integrity or consumer support for those brands, could adversely affect their
sales. Contaminants in raw materials purchased from third parties and used in the production of
our wine and spirits products or defects in the distillation or fermentation process could lead to
low beverage quality as well as illness among, or injury to, consumers of our products and may
result in reduced sales of the affected brand or all of our brands.

An increase in the cost of energy or the cost of environmental regulatory compliance could affect
our profitability.

          We have experienced significant increases in energy costs, and energy costs could continue to
rise, which would result in higher transportation, freight and other operating costs. We may
experience significant future increases in the costs associated with environmental regulatory
compliance. Our future operating expenses and margins will be dependent on our ability to manage
the impact of cost increases. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to pass along increased
energy costs or increased costs associated with environmental regulatory compliance to our
customers through increased prices.

16

Table of Contents

Our reliance upon complex information systems distributed worldwide and our reliance upon third
party global networks means we could experience interruptions to our business services.

          We depend on information technology to enable us to operate efficiently and interface with
customers, as well as maintain financial accuracy and efficiency. If we do not allocate, and
effectively manage, the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology
infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of
customers, business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security
breach. As with all large systems, our information systems could be penetrated by outside parties
intent on extracting information, corrupting information or disrupting business processes. Such
unauthorized access could disrupt our business and could result in the loss of assets.

Changes in accounting guidance and taxation requirements could affect our financial results.

          New accounting guidance that may become applicable to us from time to time, or changes in the
interpretations of existing guidance, could have a significant effect on our reported results for
the affected periods. In addition, our products are subject to import and excise duties and/or
sales or value-added taxes in many jurisdictions in which we operate. Increases in indirect taxes
could affect our products’ affordability and therefore reduce our sales. We are also subject to
income tax in numerous jurisdictions in which we generate revenues. Changes in tax laws, tax rates
or tax rulings may have a significant adverse impact on our effective tax rate. Our tax
liabilities are affected by the mix of pretax income or loss among the tax jurisdictions in which
we operate. We must exercise judgment in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes,
interest and penalties; accordingly, future events could change management’s assessment of these
amounts.

Various diseases, pests and certain weather conditions could affect quality and quantity of grapes
or other agricultural raw materials.

          Various diseases, pests, fungi, viruses, drought, frosts and certain other weather conditions
could affect the quality and quantity of grapes and other agricultural raw materials available,
decreasing the supply of our products and negatively impacting profitability. We cannot guarantee
that our grape suppliers or suppliers of other agricultural raw materials will succeed in
preventing contamination in existing vineyards or fields or that we will succeed in preventing
contamination in our existing vineyards or future vineyards we may acquire. Future government
restrictions regarding the use of certain materials used in grape growing may increase vineyard
costs and/or reduce production. Growing agricultural raw materials also requires adequate water
supplies. A substantial reduction in water supplies could result in material losses of grape crops
and vines or other crops, which could lead to a shortage of our product supply.