In addition to the other information
included in this Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be considered in evaluating our business and future prospects. These risk factors represent what we believe to be the known material risk factors with respect to us and our business. Our
business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition are subject to these risks and uncertainties, any of which could cause actual results to vary materially from recent results or from anticipated future results. 

Volatility in refined product and chemicals margins could materially affect our business and operating results. 

Our profitability depends to a large extent upon the relationship between the price we pay for crude oil and other feedstocks, and the wholesale prices at
which we sell our refined products and chemicals. The volatility of prices for crude oil and other feedstocks, refined products and chemicals, and the overall balance of supply and demand for these commodities, could have a significant impact on
this relationship. Retail marketing margins also have been volatile, and vary with wholesale prices, the level of economic activity in our marketing areas and as a result of various logistical factors. In many cases, it is very difficult to increase
refined product and chemical prices quickly enough to recover increases in the costs of products being sold. We may experience significant changes in our results of operations also due to planned or announced additions to refining capacity by our

16 

Table of Contents

competitors, variations in the level of refined product imports into the United States, changes in product mix or competition in pricing. In addition, our
profit margins may decline as a direct result of unpredictable factors in the global marketplace, many of which are beyond our control, including: 

•

 Cyclical nature of the businesses in which we operate: Refined product inventory levels and demand, crude oil price levels and availability and refinery
utilization rates are all cyclical in nature. Historically, both the chemicals industry and the refining industry have experienced periods of actual or perceived inadequate capacity and tight supply, causing prices and profit margins to increase,
and periods of actual or perceived excess capacity, resulting in oversupply and declining capacity utilization rates, prices and profit margins. The cyclical nature of these businesses results in volatile profits and cash flows over the business
cycle. 

•

 Changes in energy and raw material costs: We purchase large amounts of energy and raw materials for our businesses. The aggregate cost of these purchases
represents a substantial portion of our cost of doing business. The prices of energy and raw materials generally follow price trends for crude oil and natural gas, which may be highly volatile and cyclical. Furthermore, across our businesses, there
are a limited number of suppliers for some of our raw materials and utilities and, in some cases, the number of sources for and availability of raw materials are specific to the particular geographic region in which a facility is located.
Accordingly, if one of these suppliers were unable to meet its obligations under present supply arrangements or were unwilling to sell to us, we could suffer reduced supplies or be forced to incur increased costs for our raw materials.

•

 Geopolitical instability: Instability in the global economic and political environment can lead to volatility in the costs and availability of energy and raw
materials, and in the prices for refined products and chemicals. This may place downward pressure on our results of operations. This is particularly true of developments in and relating to oil-producing countries, including terrorist activities,
military conflicts, embargoes, internal instability or actions or reactions of governments in anticipation of, or in response to, such developments. 

•

 Changes in transportation costs: We utilize the services of third parties to transport crude oil and refined products to and from our refineries. The cost of
these services is significant and prevailing rates can be very volatile depending on market conditions. Increases in crude oil or refined product transportation rates could result in increased raw material costs or product distribution costs.

•

 Impact of environmental and other regulations affecting the composition of gasoline and other refined products: Federally mandated standards for use of
renewable biofuels, such as ethanol and biodiesel in the production of refined products, are transforming traditional gasoline and diesel markets in North America. These regulatory mandates, coupled with a structural expansion of production capacity
for such renewable biofuels, could lead to significant increases in the overall production, and available supply, of gasoline and diesel in markets that we supply. This potential increase in supply of gasoline and diesel could result in lower
refining margins for us, particularly in the event of a contemporaneous reduction in demand, or during periods of sustained low demand for such refined products. 

It is possible that any, or a combination, of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations.

Volatility in coal prices could materially affect our business and operating results. 

Sales prices for coke production at most of our facilities reflect the pass through of coal costs. As a result, the profitability of these operations is
not impacted directly by the price of coal. However, coal prices are a key factor in the profitability at our Jewell operations. The global economic slowdown has negatively affected coal prices. In the event of continued decreases in coal prices,
the results of operations and cash flows of our Jewell cokemaking operation could be materially impacted. 

17 

Table of Contents

Changes in general economic, financial and business conditions could have a material effect on our business or
results of operations. 

Weakness in general economic, financial and business conditions can lead to a decline in the demand for the
refined products and chemicals that we sell. Such weakness can also lead to lower demand for transportation and storage services provided by us. In addition, the global economic slowdown has had an adverse impact on the steel industry which could
negatively affect the demand for the coal and coke that we produce. It is possible that any, or a combination, of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

Weather conditions and natural disasters could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

The effects of weather conditions and natural disasters can lead to volatility in the costs and availability of energy and raw materials or negatively
impact our operations or those of our customers and suppliers, which could have a significant adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Our inability to obtain adequate supplies of crude oil could affect our business and future operating results in a materially adverse way. 

We meet all of our crude oil requirements through purchases from third parties. Most of the crude oil processed at our refineries is light-sweet crude oil. It is possible that an adequate supply of crude oil or other
feedstocks may not be available to our refineries to sustain our current level of refining operations. In addition, our inability to process significant quantities of less-expensive heavy-sour crude oil could be a competitive disadvantage.

We purchase crude oil from different regions throughout the world, including a significant portion from West Africa, and we are subject to
the political, geographic and economic risks of doing business with suppliers located in these regions, including: 

•

 trade barriers; 

•

 national and regional labor strikes; 

•

 political unrest; 

•

 increases in duties and taxes; 

•

 changes in contractual terms; and 

•

 changes in laws and policies governing foreign companies. 

Substantially all of these purchases are made in the spot market, or under short-term contracts. In the event that we are unable to obtain crude oil in the spot market, or one or more of our supply arrangements is
terminated or cannot be renewed, we will need to find alternative sources of supply. In addition, we could experience an interruption of supply or an increased cost to deliver refined products to market if the ability of the pipelines or vessels to
transport crude oil or refined products is disrupted because of accidents, governmental regulation or third-party action. If we cannot obtain adequate crude oil volumes of the type and quality we require, or if we are able to obtain such types and
volumes only at unfavorable prices, our results of operations could be affected in a materially adverse way. 

We are subject to numerous
environmental laws and regulations that require substantial expenditures and affect the way we operate, which could affect our business, future operating results or financial position in a materially adverse way. 

We are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations, including those relating to the protection of the environment, waste
management, discharge of hazardous materials, and the characteristics and 

18 

Table of Contents

composition of refined products. Certain of these laws and regulations also require assessment or remediation efforts at many of our facilities and at
formerly owned or third-party sites. Environmental laws and regulations may impose liability on us for the conduct of third parties, or for actions that complied with applicable requirements when taken, regardless of negligence or fault.
Environmental laws and regulations are subject to frequent change, and often become more stringent over time. Of particular significance to us are: 

•

 Limitations on sulfur content of gasoline and diesel fuels: The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, or EPA, adopted rules under the Clean Air Act that
phased in limits on the sulfur content of gasoline beginning in 2004 and the sulfur content of on-road diesel fuel beginning in mid-2006. Our capital spending to comply with these rules was completed in 2006 and amounted to $755 million. We are also
incurring higher operating costs as we continue to produce the low-sulfur fuels. In May 2004, the EPA adopted another rule which is phasing in limits on the allowable sulfur content in off-road diesel fuel that began in June 2007. This rule largely
relates to operations at our Tulsa refinery. 

•

 National Ambient Air Quality Standards: National Ambient Air Quality Standards for ozone and fine particles promulgated by the EPA have resulted in
identification of non-attainment areas throughout the country, including Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, New Jersey and West Virginia, where we operate facilities. Areas designated as “moderate” non-attainment, including Philadelphia and
Houston, would be required to meet the ozone requirements by 2010, before currently mandated federal control programs take effect. In January 2009, the EPA issued a finding that the Philadelphia and Houston State Implementation Plans, or SIPs,
failed to demonstrate attainment by the 2010 deadline. This finding is expected to result in more stringent offset requirements, and could result in other negative consequences. Regulatory programs, when established to implement the EPA’s air
quality standards, could have an impact on us and our operations. While the potential financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated until the EPA promulgates regulatory programs to attain the standards, and the states, as necessary, develop and
implement revised SIPs to respond to the new regulations, it is possible that the new regulations will result in increased costs to us. 

•

 Natural resource damages: Certain federal and state government regulators have sought compensation from companies like us for natural resource damages as an
adjunct to remediation programs. Because we are involved in a number of remediation sites, a substantial increase in natural resource damage claims could result in substantially increased costs to us. 

•

 Greenhouse gas emissions: Through the operation of our refineries, chemical plants, marketing facilities and coke plants, our operations emit greenhouse
gases, or GHG, including carbon dioxide. There are various legislative and regulatory measures to address GHG emissions which are in various stages of review, discussion or implementation. These include federal and state actions to develop programs
for the reduction of GHG emissions. While it is currently not possible to predict the impact, if any, that these issues will have on us or the industry in general, they could result in increases in costs to operate and maintain our facilities, as
well as capital outlays for new emission control equipment at these facilities. In addition, regulations limiting GHG emissions or carbon content of products, which target specific industries such as petroleum refining or chemical or coke
manufacturing could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and also may reduce demand for our products. 

We
also are subject to liabilities resulting from our current and past operations, including legal and administrative proceedings related to product liability, leaks from pipelines and underground storage tanks, premises-liability claims, allegations
of exposures of third parties to toxic substances and general environmental claims. 

Compliance with current and future environmental laws
and regulations likely will require us to make significant expenditures, increasing the overall cost of operating our businesses, including capital costs to construct, maintain and upgrade equipment and facilities. To the extent these expenditures
are not ultimately reflected in the prices of our products or services, our operating results would be adversely affected. Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could also result in substantial fines or penalties against us or orders
that could limit our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

19 

Table of Contents

Product liability claims and litigation could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Product liability is a significant commercial risk. Substantial damage awards have been made in certain jurisdictions against manufacturers
and resellers based upon claims for injuries caused by the use of various products. 

Along with other refiners, manufacturers and sellers
of gasoline, we are a defendant in numerous lawsuits which allege MTBE contamination in groundwater. Plaintiffs, who include water purveyors and municipalities responsible for supplying drinking water and private well owners, are seeking
compensatory damages (and in some cases injunctive relief, punitive damages and attorneys’ fees) for claims relating to the alleged manufacture and distribution of a defective product (MTBE-containing gasoline) that contaminates groundwater,
and general allegations of product liability, nuisance, trespass, negligence, violation of environmental laws and deceptive business practices. There has been insufficient information developed about the plaintiffs’ legal theories or the facts
that would be relevant to an analysis of the ultimate liability to us. These allegations or other product liability claims against us could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

Federal and state legislation could have a significant impact on market conditions and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

From time to time, new federal energy policy legislation is enacted by the U.S. Congress. Any federal or state legislation, including any potential tax
legislation, could have a significant impact on market conditions and could adversely affect our business or results of operations in a material way. 

Disputes under long-term contracts could affect our business and future operations in a materially adverse way. 

We
have numerous long-term contractual arrangements across our businesses which frequently include complex provisions. Interpretation of these provisions may, at times, lead to disputes with customers and/or suppliers. Unfavorable resolutions of these
disputes could have a significant adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Competition from companies having greater financial and
other resources than we do could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We compete with domestic
refiners and marketers in the northeastern United States and on the U.S. Gulf Coast, and with foreign refiners that import products into the United States. In addition, we compete with producers and marketers in other industries that supply
alternative forms of energy and fuels to satisfy the requirements of our industrial, commercial and individual consumers. Certain of our competitors have larger and more complex refineries, and may be able to realize lower per-barrel costs or higher
margins per barrel of throughput. Several of our principal competitors are integrated national or international oil companies that are larger and have substantially greater resources than we do. Unlike these competitors, which have access to
proprietary sources of controlled crude oil production, we obtain substantially all of our feedstocks from unaffiliated sources. Because of their integrated operations and larger capitalization, these companies may be more flexible in responding to
volatile industry or market conditions, such as shortages of crude oil and other feedstocks or intense price fluctuations. 

We also face
strong competition in the market for the sale of retail gasoline and merchandise. Our competitors include service stations operated by fully integrated major oil companies and other well-recognized national or regional retail outlets, often selling
gasoline or merchandise at aggressively competitive prices. 

Our chemicals business competes with local, regional, national and
international companies, some of which have greater financial, research and development, production and other resources than we do. We also face similarly strong competition in the sale of base oil lubricant products. 

20 

Table of Contents

Pipeline operations of Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P., or the Partnership, the master limited partnership
in which we hold a 43 percent interest, face significant competition from other pipelines for large volume shipments. These operations also face competition from trucks for incremental and marginal volumes in areas served by the Partnership’s
pipelines. The Partnership’s refined product terminals compete with terminals owned by integrated petroleum companies, refining and marketing companies, independent terminal companies and distribution companies with marketing and trading
operations. 

Our cokemaking business is also highly competitive. Competition mainly impacts our ability to obtain new contracts supporting
development of additional production capacity, both in the United States and internationally. Competitors include conventional chemical by-product coke oven engineering and construction companies, other merchant coke producers and competitors that
have developed and are attempting to develop heat-recovery cokemaking technology. 

The actions of our competitors, including the impact of
foreign imports, could lead to lower prices or reduced margins for the products we sell, which could have an adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

We maintain insurance against many, but not all, potential losses or liabilities arising from operating hazards in amounts that we believe to be prudent. Failure by one or more insurers to honor their coverage
commitments for an insured event could materially and adversely affect our future cash flows, operating results and financial condition. 

Our business is subject to hazards and risks inherent in refining operations, chemical manufacturing and cokemaking and coal mining operations and the transportation and storage of crude oil, refined products and chemicals. These risks
include explosions, fires, spills, adverse weather, natural disasters, mechanical failures, security breaches at our facilities, labor disputes and maritime accidents, any of which could result in loss of life or equipment, business interruptions,
environmental pollution, personal injury and damage to our property and that of others. In addition, certain of our facilities provide or share necessary resources, materials or utilities, rely on common resources or utilities for their supply,
distribution or materials or are located in close proximity to other of our facilities. As a result, an event, such as the closure of a transportation route, could adversely affect more than one facility. Our refineries, chemical plants, cokemaking
and coal mining facilities, pipelines and storage facilities also may be potential targets for terrorist attacks. 

We maintain insurance
against many, but not all, potential losses or liabilities arising from operating hazards in amounts that we believe to be prudent. Our insurance program includes a number of insurance carriers, including American International Group, or AIG, and
its subsidiaries. Disruptions in the U.S. financial markets have resulted in the deterioration in the financial condition of many financial institutions, including insurance companies. In light of this uncertainty and the volatile current market
environment, it is possible that we may not be able to obtain insurance coverage for insured events. Our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our future cash flows, operating results and financial condition. 

If we are unable to complete capital projects at their expected costs and/or in a timely manner, or if the market conditions assumed in our project economics
deteriorate, our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

Delays or
cost increases related to capital spending programs involving engineering, procurement and construction of new facilities (or improvements and repairs to our existing facilities) could adversely affect our ability to achieve forecasted internal
rates of return and operating results. Delays in making required changes or upgrades to our facilities could subject us to fines or penalties as well as affect our ability to supply certain products we make. Such delays or cost increases may arise
as a result of unpredictable factors in the marketplace, many of which are beyond our control, including: 

•

 denial or delay in issuing regulatory approvals and/or permits; 

•

 unplanned increases in the cost of construction materials or labor; 

21 

Table of Contents

•

 disruptions in transportation of modular components and/or construction materials; 

•

 severe adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or other events (such as equipment malfunctions, explosions, fires or spills) affecting our facilities, or
those of vendors and suppliers; 

•

 shortages of sufficiently skilled labor, or labor disagreements resulting in unplanned work stoppages; 

•

 market-related increases in a project’s debt or equity financing costs; and/or 

•

 nonperformance or force majeure by, or disputes with, vendors, suppliers, contractors or sub-contractors involved with a project. 

Our forecasted internal rates of return are also based upon our projections of future market fundamentals which are not within our control, including
changes in general economic conditions, available alternative supply and customer demand. 

Any one or more of these factors could have a
significant impact on our business. If we were unable to make up the delays associated with such factors or to recover the related costs, or if market conditions change, it could materially and adversely affect our financial position, results of
operations or cash flows. 

From time to time, our cash needs may exceed our internally generated cash flow, and our business could be materially and
adversely affected if we are unable to obtain the necessary funds from financing activities. 

We have substantial cash needs. These
cash needs are primarily to satisfy working capital requirements, including crude oil purchases which fluctuate with the pricing and sourcing of crude oil. Our crude oil purchases generally have terms that are longer than the terms of our product
sales. When the price we pay for crude oil decreases, this typically results in a reduction in cash generated from our operations. Our cash needs also include capital expenditures for infrastructure, environmental and other regulatory compliance,
maintenance turnarounds at our refineries and income improvement projects. 

From time to time, our cash requirements may exceed our cash
generation. During such periods, we may need to supplement our cash generation with proceeds from financing activities. We have $1.8 billion of revolving credit facilities and a $200 million accounts receivable securitization facility which provide
us with available financing to meet our cash needs. However, our ability to obtain funds from our credit facilities may be impaired because of the recent downturn in the financial markets, including issues surrounding the solvency of many
institutional lenders and recent failure of several banks. 

In September 2008, Lehman Brothers, one of the participating banks with an
aggregate commitment under the revolving credit facilities totaling $25 million, declared bankruptcy and we believe Lehman Brothers will not fund its future loan commitments. In light of the volatile current market environment, it is possible that
we will be unable to obtain the full amount of the funds available under these facilities to satisfy our cash requirements. Our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Funding, especially on terms acceptable to us, may not be available to meet our future capital needs because of the deterioration of the credit and capital
markets. 

Global market and economic conditions have been, and continue to be, disruptive and volatile. The debt and equity capital
markets have been impacted by significant write-offs in the financial services sector and the re-pricing of credit risk in the broadly syndicated market, among other things. These events have negatively affected general economic conditions.

In particular, the cost of raising money in the debt and equity capital markets has increased substantially while the availability of
funds from those markets has diminished significantly. Also, as a result of concern about the stability of financial markets generally and the solvency of counterparties specifically, the cost of obtaining 

22 

Table of Contents

money from the credit markets has increased as many lenders and institutional investors have increased interest rates, enacted tighter lending standards and
reduced and, in some cases, ceased to provide funding to borrowers. 

If funding is not available when needed, or is available only on
unfavorable terms, meeting our capital needs or otherwise taking advantage of business opportunities or responding to competitive pressures may become challenging, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations.

We have various credit agreements and other financing arrangements that impose certain restrictions on us and may limit our flexibility to undertake
certain types of transactions. If we fail to comply with the terms and provisions of our debt instruments, the indebtedness under them may become immediately due and payable, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position.

Several of our existing debt instruments and financing arrangements contain restrictive covenants that limit our financial
flexibility and that of our subsidiaries. Our credit facilities require the maintenance of certain financial ratios, satisfaction of certain financial condition tests and, subject to certain exceptions, imposes restrictions on: 

•

 incurrence of additional indebtedness; 

•

 issuance of preferred stock by our subsidiaries; 

•

 incurrence of liens; 

•

 sale and leaseback transactions; 

•

 agreements by our subsidiaries which would limit their ability to pay dividends, make distributions or repay loans or advances to us; and

•

 fundamental changes, such as certain mergers and dispositions of assets. 

Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. has a credit facility that contains similar covenants. Increased borrowings by this subsidiary will raise the level of our
total consolidated net indebtedness, and could restrict our ability to borrow money or otherwise incur additional debt. 

If we do not
comply with the covenants and other terms and provisions of our credit facilities, we will be required to request a waiver under, or an amendment to, those facilities. If we cannot obtain such a waiver or amendment, or if we fail to comply with the
covenants and other terms and provisions of our indentures, we would be in default under our debt instruments which could trigger a default under Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P.’s debt facilities as well. Likewise, a default by Sunoco Logistics
Partners L.P. on its debt could cause a default under our debt instruments. Any defaults may cause the indebtedness under the facilities to become immediately due and payable, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position.

Our ability to meet our debt service obligations depends upon our future performance, which is subject to general economic conditions,
industry cycles and financial, business and other factors affecting our operations, many of which are beyond our control. A portion of our cash flow from operations is needed to pay the principal of, and interest on, our indebtedness and is not
available for other purposes. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations, we may have to sell assets, refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness or obtain additional financing. Any of these actions could have a material
adverse effect on our financial position. 

Any reduction in our credit ratings or in the Partnership’s credit ratings could materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity or ability to raise capital, and results of operations. 

We currently
maintain investment grade ratings by Fitch, Moody’s and S&P. (Ratings from credit agencies are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our securities. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.) It is possible that
our current ratings could be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, 

23 

Table of Contents

in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. Specifically, if Fitch, Moody’s or S&P were to downgrade our long-term rating, particularly below
investment grade, our borrowing costs would increase, which could adversely affect our ability to attract potential investors and our funding sources could decrease. In addition, our suppliers may not extend favorable credit terms to us or may
require us to provide collateral, letters of credit or other forms of security which would drive up our operating costs. As a result, a downgrade in our credit ratings could have a materially adverse impact on our future operations and financial
position. 

We are exposed to the credit and other counterparty risk of our customers in the ordinary course of our business. 

We have various credit terms with virtually all of our customers, and our customers have varying degrees of creditworthiness. Although we evaluate the
creditworthiness of each of our customers, we may not always be able to fully anticipate or detect deterioration in their creditworthiness and overall financial condition, which could expose us to an increased risk of nonpayment or other default
under our contracts and other arrangements with them. In the event that a material customer or customers default on their payment obligations to us, this could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

Distributions from our subsidiaries may be inadequate to fund our capital needs, make payments on our indebtedness, and pay dividends on our equity
securities. 

As a holding company, we derive substantially all of our income from, and hold substantially all of our assets through,
our subsidiaries. As a result, we depend on distributions of funds from our subsidiaries to meet our capital needs and our payment obligations with respect to our indebtedness. Our operating subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and
have no obligation to pay any amounts due with respect to our indebtedness or to provide us with funds for our capital needs or our debt payment obligations, whether by dividends, distributions, loans or otherwise. In addition, provisions of
applicable law, such as those restricting the legal sources of dividends, could limit our subsidiaries’ ability to make payments or other distributions to us, or our subsidiaries could agree to contractual restrictions on their ability to make
distributions. 

Our rights with respect to the assets of any subsidiary and, therefore, the rights of our creditors with respect to those
assets are effectively subordinated to the claims of that subsidiary’s creditors. In addition, if we were a creditor of any subsidiary, our rights as a creditor would be subordinate to any security interest in the assets of that subsidiary and
any indebtedness of that subsidiary senior to that held by us. 

If we cannot obtain funds from our subsidiaries as a result of restrictions
under our debt instruments, applicable laws and regulations, or otherwise, and are unable to meet our capital needs, pay interest or principal with respect to our indebtedness when due or pay dividends on our equity securities, we cannot be certain
that we will be able to obtain the necessary funds from other sources, or on terms that will be acceptable to us. 

Poor performance in the financial
markets could have a material adverse effect on the level of funding of our pension obligations, on the level of pension expense and on our financial position. In addition, any use of current cash flow to fund our pension and postretirement health
care obligations could have a significant adverse effect on our financial position. 

We have substantial benefit obligations in
connection with our noncontributory defined benefit pension plans that provide retirement benefits for about one-half of our employees. We have made contributions to the plans each year over the past several years to improve their funded status, and
we expect to make additional contributions to the plans in the future as well. As a result of the poor performance of the financial markets during 2008, the projected benefit obligation of our funded defined benefit plans at December 31, 2008
exceeded the market value of our plan assets by $358 million. As a result, we were required to recognize a $299 million after-tax charge to our shareholders’ equity at December 31, 2008. In addition, the poor investment results for the
plans during 2008 will also result in an increase of approximately $40 million after tax in pension expense for 

24 

Table of Contents

2009. We also may make up to $80 million of contributions to our funded defined benefit plans in 2009. Continued poor performance of the financial markets,
or decreases in interest rates, could result in additional significant charges to shareholders’ equity and additional significant increases in future pension expense and funding requirements. 

We also have substantial benefit obligations in connection with our postretirement health care plans that provide health care benefits for substantially
all of our retirees. These plans are unfunded and the costs are shared by us and our retirees. 

To the extent that we have to fund our
pension and postretirement health care obligations with cash from operations, we may be at a disadvantage to some of our competitors who do not have the same level of retiree obligations that we have. 

The financial performance of our coke business is dependent upon customers in the steel industry whose failure to perform under their contracts with us could
adversely affect our coke business. 

Substantially all of our domestic coke sales are currently made under long-term contracts with
affiliates of ArcelorMittal and OAO Severstal. In addition, our technology and operating fees, as well as preferred dividends pertaining to our Brazilian operations, are payable under long-term contracts with a project company in which a Brazilian
subsidiary of ArcelorMittal is the major shareholder. 

The global economic slowdown has had an adverse impact on the steel industry. In
certain instances, steelmakers are suspending and renegotiating contracts with their raw-material suppliers in response to a decline in steel demand. Some steel companies are requesting that their suppliers cancel or postpone deliveries, while
others are refusing deliveries and buying their raw materials on the spot market where prices have fallen below long-term contract prices. Our steel customers have not suspended or renegotiated any of our long-term contracts. However, in the event
of nonperformance by our current or future steelmaking customers, our results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

A portion of
our workforce is unionized, and we may face labor disruptions that could materially and adversely affect our operations. 

Approximately 20 percent of our employees are covered by many collective bargaining agreements with various terms and dates of expiration. In February 2009, we reached an agreement on a three-year contract with the hourly workers at our
Toledo refinery. Negotiations continue at our Marcus Hook and Philadelphia refineries and we are hopeful that agreement will be reached prior to the expiration of the contracts on March 1, 2009. A labor disturbance at any of our major facilities
could have a material adverse effect on our operations.