Our business faces significant risks. The risks described below may not be the only risks we face. Additional risks that we do not yet know of or that we currently think are immaterial may also impair our business
operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be affected materially and adversely. 

Volatility in refined product and chemicals margins could materially affect our business and operating results. 

Our profitability depends to a large extent upon the relationship between the price we pay for crude oil and other feedstocks, and the wholesale prices at which we sell our refined products and chemicals. The
volatility of prices for crude oil and other feedstocks, refined products and chemicals, and the overall balance of supply and demand for these commodities, could have a significant impact on this relationship. Retail marketing margins also have
been historically volatile, and vary with wholesale prices, the level of economic activity in our marketing areas and as a result of various logistical factors. In many cases, it is very difficult to increase retail gasoline and chemical prices
quickly enough to recover increases in the costs of products being sold. We may experience significant changes in our results of operations also due to variations in the level of refined product imports into the United States, changes in product mix
or competition in pricing. In addition, our profit margins may decline as a direct result of unpredictable factors in the global marketplace, many of which are beyond our control, including: 

•

 Cyclical nature of the businesses in which we operate: Refined product inventory levels and demand, crude oil price levels and availability and refinery
utilization rates are all cyclical in nature. Historically, both the chemicals industry and the refining industry have experienced periods of actual or perceived inadequate capacity and tight supply, causing prices and profit margins to increase,
and periods of actual or perceived excess capacity, resulting in oversupply and declining capacity utilization rates, prices and profit margins. The cyclical nature of these businesses results in volatile profits and cash flows over the business
cycle. 

•

 Changes in energy and raw material costs: We purchase large amounts of energy and raw materials for our businesses. The aggregate cost of these purchases
represents a substantial portion of our cost of doing business. The prices of energy and raw materials generally follow price trends for crude oil and natural gas, which may be highly volatile and cyclical. Furthermore, across our businesses, there
are a limited number of suppliers for some of our raw 

20 

materials and utilities and, in some cases, the number of sources for and availability of raw materials is specific to the particular geographic region in
which a facility is located. Accordingly, if one of these suppliers were unable to meet its obligations under present supply arrangements or were unwilling to sell to us, we could suffer reduced supplies or be forced to incur increased costs for our
raw materials. 

•

 Geopolitical instability: Instability in the global economic and political environment can lead to volatility in the costs and availability of energy and raw
materials, and in the prices for refined products and chemicals. This may place downward pressure on our results of operations. This is particularly true of developments in and relating to oil-producing countries, including terrorist activities,
military conflicts, embargoes, internal instability or actions or reactions of governments in anticipation of, or in response to, such developments. 

•

 Changes in transportation costs: We utilize the services of third parties to transport crude oil and refined products to and from our refineries. The cost of
these services is significant and prevailing rates can be very volatile depending on market conditions. Increases in crude oil or refined product transportation rates could result in increased raw material costs or product distribution costs.

It is possible that any, or a combination, of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our business or
results of operations. 

Weather conditions and natural disasters could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results.

The effects of weather conditions and natural disasters can lead to volatility in the costs and availability of energy and raw
materials or negatively impact our operations or those of our customers and suppliers, which could have a significant adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Our inability to obtain adequate supplies of crude oil could affect our business and future operating results in a materially adverse way. 

We meet all of our crude oil requirements through purchases from third parties. Most of the crude oil processed at our refineries is light-sweet crude
oil. It is possible that an adequate supply of crude oil or other feedstocks may not be available to our refineries to sustain our current level of refining operations. In addition, our inability to process significant quantities of less-expensive
heavy-sour crude oil could be a competitive disadvantage. 

We purchase crude oil from different regions throughout the world, including a
significant portion from West Africa, particularly Nigeria, and we are subject to the political, geographic and economic risks of doing business with suppliers located in these regions, including: 

•

 trade barriers; 

•

 national and regional labor strikes; 

•

 political unrest; 

•

 increases in duties and taxes; and 

•

 changes in laws and policies governing foreign companies. 

Substantially all of these purchases are made in the spot market, or under short-term contracts. In the event that we are unable to obtain crude oil in the spot market, or one or more of our supply arrangements is
terminated or cannot be renewed, we may not be able to find alternative sources of supply. In addition, we could experience an interruption of supply or an increased cost to deliver 

21 

refined products to market if the ability of the pipelines or vessels to transport crude oil or refined products is disrupted because of accidents,
governmental regulation or third-party action. If we cannot obtain adequate crude oil volumes of the type and quality we require, or if we are able to obtain such types and volumes only at unfavorable prices, our results of operations could be
affected in a materially adverse way. 

We are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations that require substantial expenditures and affect
the way we operate, which could affect our business, future operating results or financial position in a materially adverse way. 

We
are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations, including those relating to the protection of the environment, waste management, discharge of hazardous materials, and the characteristics and composition of refined products.
Certain of these laws and regulations also require assessment or remediation efforts at many of our facilities and at formerly owned or third-party sites. Environmental laws and regulations may impose liability on us for the conduct of third
parties, or for actions that complied with applicable requirements when taken, regardless of negligence or fault. Environmental laws and regulations are subject to frequent change, and often become more stringent over time. Of particular
significance to us are: 

•

 Methyl Tertiary Butyl Ether, or MTBE, remediation requirements: During the second quarter of 2006, we discontinued the use of MTBE. Prior to that date, we
used MTBE in our Northeast U.S. refining and marketing operations to meet the oxygenate requirements for reformulated gasoline. Levels of MTBE and related constituents in groundwater are regulated by various government entities. We have been
required to engage in significant remediation activities at our marketing sites. Future costs for environmental remediation activities at our marketing sites will be influenced by the extent of MTBE contamination of groundwater, the cleanup of which
is driven by thresholds based on drinking water protection. Though not all groundwater is used for drinking, several states have initiated or proposed more stringent MTBE cleanup requirements. Cost increases result directly from extended remedial
operations and maintenance on sites that, under prior standards, could otherwise have been completed. Cost increases will also result from installation of additional remedial or monitoring wells and purchase of more expensive equipment because of
the presence of MTBE. While actual cleanup costs for specific sites are variable and depend on many of the factors discussed above, expansion of similar MTBE remediation thresholds to additional states or adoption of even more stringent requirements
for MTBE remediation would result in further cost increases. 

•

 Limitations on sulfur content of gasoline and diesel fuels: The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, or EPA, has adopted rules under the Clean Air Act that
phased in limitations on the sulfur content of gasoline beginning in 2004 and the sulfur content of on-road diesel fuel beginning in mid-2006. Our capital spending to comply with these rules was completed in 2006 and amounted to $755 million. We are
also incurring higher operating costs as we continue to produce the low-sulfur fuels. In May 2004, the EPA adopted another rule which will phase in limitations on the allowable sulfur content in off-road diesel fuel beginning in mid-2007. In
connection with the phase-in of these new off-road diesel fuel specifications, we are evaluating our alternatives for the Tulsa refinery, including consideration of significant capital expenditures which could result in increased crude flexibility
and an upgraded product slate. The majority of any such capital expenditures would likely not occur until the 2009-2010 timeframe. 

•

 National Ambient Air Quality Standards: National Ambient Air Quality Standards for ozone and fine particles promulgated by the EPA have resulted in
identification of non-attainment areas throughout the country, including Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, New Jersey and West Virginia, where we operate facilities. In 2004, the EPA issued final non-attainment area designations for ozone and fine
particles. These standards will result in further controls of 

22 

nitrogen oxide, sulfur dioxide and volatile organic compound emissions. The EPA has designated certain areas, including Philadelphia and Houston, as
“moderate” non-attainment areas for ozone, which would require them to meet the ozone requirements by 2010, before currently mandated federal control programs would take effect. Our Bayport and LaPorte, TX chemical facilities are located
within the Houston non-attainment area. If a region is not able to demonstrate attainment by 2010, there would be more stringent offset requirements, and, if a region cannot submit an approvable State Implementation Plan, there could be other
negative consequences. Regulatory programs, when established to implement the EPA’s standards, could have an impact on us and our operations. While the potential financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated until the EPA promulgates
regulatory programs to attain the standards, and the states, as necessary, develop and implement revised State Implementation Plans to respond to the new regulations, it is possible that the new regulations will result in increased costs to us.

•

 Natural resource damages: Certain federal and state government regulators have sought compensation from companies like us for natural resource damages as an
adjunct to remediation programs. Because we are involved in a number of remediation sites, a substantial increase in natural resource damage claims could result in substantially increased costs to us. 

•

 Greenhouse gas emissions: Through the operation of our refineries, chemical plants and coke plants, our operations emit carbon dioxide. There are various
legislative and regulatory measures to address greenhouse gas, or GHG, emissions which are in various stages of review, discussion or implementation. These include proposed federal and state actions to develop programs for the reduction of GHG
emissions. While it is currently not possible to predict the impact, if any, these issues will have on us or the industry in general, they could result in increases in costs to operate and maintain our facilities, as well as capital outlays for new
emission control equipment at these facilities. In addition, regulations limiting GHG emissions which target specific industries such as petroleum refining or chemical or coke manufacturing could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business
and also may reduce demand for our products. 

We also are subject to liabilities resulting from our current and past
operations, including legal and administrative proceedings related to product liability, leaks from pipelines and underground storage tanks, premises-liability claims, allegations of exposures of third parties to toxic substances and general
environmental claims. 

Compliance with current and future environmental laws and regulations likely will require us to make significant
expenditures, increasing the overall cost of operating our businesses, including capital costs to construct, maintain and upgrade equipment and facilities. Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in substantial fines or
penalties against us or orders that could limit our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

Product
liability claims and litigation could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Product liability is a significant
commercial risk. Substantial damage awards have been made in certain jurisdictions against manufacturers and resellers based upon claims for injuries caused by the use of various products. 

Along with other refiners, manufacturers and sellers of gasoline, owners and operators of retail gasoline sites, and manufacturers of MTBE, we are a
defendant in approximately 65 cases in 18 states involving the manufacture and use of MTBE in gasoline and MTBE contamination in groundwater. The plaintiffs, which include private well owners, water providers and certain governmental 

23 

authorities, are seeking compensatory damages (and in some cases injunctive relief, punitive damages and attorneys’ fees) for claims relating to the
alleged manufacture and distribution of a defective product (MTBE-containing gasoline), and general allegations of groundwater contamination, nuisance, trespass, negligence, violation of environmental laws and deceptive business practices. To date,
insufficient information has been developed about the plaintiffs’ legal theories or the facts that would be relevant to an analysis of potential exposure. Accordingly, we have not been able to comprehensively evaluate our exposure in these
cases. There can be no assurance that these or other product liability claims against us would not have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

Federal and state legislation could have a significant impact on market conditions and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

From time to time, new federal energy policy legislation is enacted by the U.S. Congress. Any federal or state legislation, including any potential tax
legislation, could have a significant impact on market conditions and could adversely affect our business or results of operations in a material way. 

Disputes under long-term contracts could affect our business and future operations in a materially adverse way. 

We
have numerous long-term contractual arrangements across our businesses which frequently include complex provisions. Interpretation of these provisions may, at times, lead to disputes with customers and/or suppliers. Unfavorable resolutions of these
disputes could have a significant adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Competition from companies having greater financial and
other resources than we do could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We compete with domestic
refiners and marketers in the northeastern United States and on the U.S. Gulf Coast, and with foreign refiners that import products into the United States. In addition, we compete with producers and marketers in other industries that supply
alternative forms of energy and fuels to satisfy the requirements of our industrial, commercial and individual consumers. Certain of our competitors have larger and more complex refineries, and may be able to realize lower per-barrel costs or higher
margins per barrel of throughput. Several of our principal competitors are integrated national or international oil companies that are larger and have substantially greater resources than we do. Unlike these competitors, which have access to
proprietary sources of controlled crude oil production, we obtain substantially all of our feedstocks from unaffiliated sources. Because of their integrated operations and larger capitalization, these companies may be more flexible in responding to
volatile industry or market conditions, such as shortages of crude oil and other feedstocks or intense price fluctuations. 

We also face
strong competition in the market for the sale of retail gasoline and merchandise. Our competitors include service stations operated by fully integrated major oil companies and other well-recognized national or regional retail outlets, often selling
gasoline or merchandise at aggressively competitive prices. 

Our chemicals business competes with local, regional, national and
international companies, some of which have greater financial, research and development, production and other resources than we do. We also face similarly strong competition in the sale of base oil lubricant products. 

The actions of our competitors, including the impact of foreign imports, could lead to lower prices or reduced margins for the products we sell, which
could have an adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

24 

Our business is subject to operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions for which we may not be adequately
insured, and from which we could suffer losses. 

Our business is subject to hazards and risks inherent in refining operations,
chemical manufacturing and cokemaking and coal mining operations and the transportation and storage of crude oil, refined products and chemicals. These risks include explosions, fires, spills, adverse weather, natural disasters, mechanical failures,
security breaches at our facilities, labor disputes and maritime accidents, any of which could result in loss of life or equipment, business interruptions, environmental pollution, personal injury and damage to our property and that of others. Our
refineries, chemical plants, cokemaking and coal mining facilities, pipelines and storage facilities also may be potential targets for terrorist attacks. 

We maintain insurance against many, but not all, potential losses or liabilities arising from operating hazards in amounts that we believe to be prudent. As a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for
certain insurance policies can increase substantially, and in some instances, certain insurance may become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. As an example, insurance carriers generally require broad exclusions for losses
due to terrorist acts and acts of war. If we were to suffer a significant loss or incur significant liability for which we were not adequately insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position. 

If we are unable to complete capital projects at their expected costs and/or in a timely manner, or if the market conditions assumed in our project economics
deteriorate, our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

Delays or
cost increases related to capital spending programs involving engineering, procurement and construction of new facilities (or improvements and repairs to our existing facilities) could adversely affect our ability to achieve forecasted internal
rates of return and operating results. Delays in making required changes or upgrades to our facilities could subject us to fines or penalties as well as affect our ability to supply certain products we make. Such delays or cost increases may arise
as a result of unpredictable factors in the marketplace, many of which are beyond our control, including: 

•

 denial or delay in issuing requisite regulatory approvals and/or permits; 

•

 unplanned increases in the cost of construction materials or labor; 

•

 disruptions in transportation of modular components and/or construction materials; 

•

 severe adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or other events (such as equipment malfunctions, explosions, fires or spills) affecting our facilities, or
those of vendors and suppliers; 

•

 shortages of sufficiently skilled labor, or labor disagreements resulting in unplanned work stoppages; 

•

 market-related increases in a project’s debt or equity financing costs; and/or 

•

 nonperformance or force majeure by, or disputes with, vendors, suppliers, contractors or sub-contractors involved with a project. 

Our forecasted internal rates of return are also based upon our projections of future market fundamentals which are not within our control, including
changes in general economic conditions, available alternative supply and customer demand. 

Any one or more of these factors could have a
significant impact on our business. If we were unable to make up the delays associated with such factors or to recover the related costs, or if market 

25 

conditions change, it could materially and adversely affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

From time to time, our short-term cash needs may exceed our internally generated cash flow, and our business could be materially and adversely affected if we are
not able to obtain the necessary funds from financing activities. 

We have substantial short-term cash needs. These cash needs are
primarily to satisfy working capital requirements, including crude oil purchases which fluctuate with the pricing and sourcing of crude oil. Our crude oil purchases generally have terms that are longer than the terms of our product sales. When the
price we pay for crude oil decreases, this typically results in a reduction in cash generated from our operations. Our cash needs also include capital expenditures for base infrastructure, environmental and other regulatory compliance, maintenance
turnarounds at our refineries and income improvement projects. 

From time to time, our short-term cash requirements may exceed our cash
generation. During such periods, we may need to supplement our cash generation with proceeds from financing activities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the necessary funds from financing activities (or that such funds will be
available on favorable terms) to satisfy our short-term cash requirements. Our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We have various credit agreements and other financing arrangements that impose certain restrictions on us and may limit our flexibility to undertake certain types of transactions. If we fail to comply with the terms and provisions of
our debt instruments, the indebtedness under them may become immediately due and payable, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position. 

Several of our existing debt instruments and financing arrangements contain restrictive covenants that limit our financial flexibility and that of our subsidiaries. Our credit facility requires the maintenance of
certain financial ratios, satisfaction of certain financial condition tests and, subject to certain exceptions, imposes restrictions on: 

•

 incurrence of additional indebtedness; 

•

 issuance of preferred stock by our subsidiaries; 

•

 incurrence of liens; 

•

 sale and leaseback transactions; 

•

 agreements by our subsidiaries which would limit their ability to pay dividends, make distributions or repay loans or advances to us; and

•

 fundamental changes, such as certain mergers and dispositions of assets. 

Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P., the master limited partnership in which we hold a 43 percent interest, has a credit facility that contains similar
covenants and also includes limitations on distributions to third-party partnership unit holders and to us. Increased borrowings by this subsidiary will raise the level of our total consolidated net indebtedness, and could restrict our ability to
borrow money or otherwise incur additional debt. 

If we do not comply with the covenants and other terms and provisions of our credit
facilities, we will be required to request a waiver under, or an amendment to, those facilities. If we cannot obtain such a waiver or amendment, or if we fail to comply with the covenants and other terms and provisions of our indentures, we would be
in default under our debt instruments. This may cause the 

26 

indebtedness under the facilities to become immediately due and payable, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position. 

Our ability to meet our debt service obligations depends upon our future performance, which is subject to general economic conditions, industry cycles
and financial, business and other factors affecting our operations, many of which are beyond our control. A portion of our cash flow from operations is needed to pay the principal of, and interest on, our indebtedness and is not available for other
purposes. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations, we may have to sell assets, refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness or obtain additional financing. We cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance our
indebtedness, or that any such refinancing would be available on favorable terms. 

Distributions from our subsidiaries may be inadequate to fund our
capital needs, make payments on our indebtedness, and pay dividends on our equity securities. 

As a holding company, we derive
substantially all of our income from, and hold substantially all of our assets through, our subsidiaries. As a result, we depend on distributions of funds from our subsidiaries to meet our capital needs and our payment obligations with respect to
our indebtedness. Our operating subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to pay any amounts due with respect to our indebtedness or to provide us with funds for our capital needs or our debt payment obligations,
whether by dividends, distributions, loans or otherwise. In addition, provisions of applicable law, such as those restricting the legal sources of dividends, could limit our subsidiaries’ ability to make payments or other distributions to us,
or our subsidiaries could agree to contractual restrictions on their ability to make distributions. 

Our rights with respect to the assets
of any subsidiary and, therefore, the rights of our creditors with respect to those assets are effectively subordinated to the claims of that subsidiary’s creditors. In addition, if we were a creditor of any subsidiary, our rights as a creditor
would be subordinate to any security interest in the assets of that subsidiary and any indebtedness of that subsidiary senior to that held by us. 

If we cannot obtain funds from our subsidiaries as a result of restrictions under our debt instruments, applicable laws and regulations, or otherwise, we may not be able to meet our capital needs, pay interest or principal with respect to
our indebtedness when due or pay dividends on our equity securities and we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the necessary funds from other sources, or on terms that will be acceptable to us. 

We may need to use current cash flow to fund our pension and postretirement health care obligations, which could have a significant adverse effect on our financial
position. 

We have substantial benefit obligations in connection with our noncontributory defined benefit pension plans that provide
retirement benefits for about one-half of our employees. We have made contributions to the plans each year since 2002 to improve their funded status, and we expect to make additional contributions to the plans in the future as well. Future adverse
changes in the financial markets, or decreases in interest rates, could result in significant charges to the accumulated other comprehensive loss component of shareholders’ equity and additional significant increases in future pension expense
and funding requirements. We also have substantial benefit obligations in connection with our postretirement health care plans that provide health care benefits for substantially all of our retirees. These plans are unfunded and the costs are shared
by us and our retirees. To the extent that we have to fund our pension and postretirement health care obligations with cash from operations, we may be at a disadvantage to some of our competitors who do not have the same level of retiree obligations
that we have. 

27 

The financial performance of our coke business is dependent upon customers in the steel industry whose failure to
perform under their contracts with us could adversely affect our coke business. 

Substantially all of our coke sales are currently
made under long-term contracts with two subsidiaries of Mittal Steel USA, Inc. Competition from foreign steelmakers or an economic slowdown could have an adverse impact on the U.S. steel industry. In the event of nonperformance by our steelmaking
customers, our results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

A portion of our workforce is unionized, and we may face labor
disruptions that could materially and adversely affect our operations. 

Approximately 20 percent of our employees, including all
hourly workers in our Marcus Hook, Philadelphia and Toledo refineries, are covered by many collective bargaining agreements with various terms and dates of expiration. We cannot assure you that we will not experience a work stoppage in the future as
a result of labor disagreements. A labor disturbance at any of our major facilities could have a material adverse effect on our operations.