In addition
to the other information included in this Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be considered in evaluating our business and future prospects. These risk factors represent what we believe to be the known material risk factors with respect to
us and our business. Our business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition are subject to these risks and uncertainties, any of which could cause actual results to vary materially from recent results or from anticipated future results.

Volatility in refined product and chemicals margins could materially affect our business and operating results. 

Our profitability depends to a large extent upon the relationship between the price we pay for crude oil and other feedstocks, and the
wholesale prices at which we sell our refined products and chemicals. The volatility of prices for crude oil and other feedstocks, refined products and chemicals, and the overall balance of supply and demand for these commodities, could have a
significant impact on this relationship. Retail marketing margins also have been volatile, and vary with wholesale prices, the level of economic activity in our marketing areas and as a result of various logistical factors. In many cases, it is very
difficult to increase refined product and chemical prices quickly enough to recover increases in the costs of products being sold. We may experience significant changes in our results of operations also due to planned or announced additions to
refining capacity by our competitors, variations in the level of refined product imports into the United States, changes in product mix (including increasing usage of renewable biofuels) or competition in pricing. In addition, our profit margins may
decline as a direct result of unpredictable factors in the global marketplace, many of which are beyond our control, including: 

•

 Cyclical nature of the businesses in which we operate: Refined product inventory levels and demand, crude oil price levels and availability and
refinery utilization rates are all cyclical in nature. Historically, both the chemicals industry and the refining industry have experienced periods of actual or perceived inadequate capacity and tight supply, causing prices and profit margins to
increase, and periods of actual or perceived excess capacity, resulting in oversupply and declining capacity utilization rates, prices and profit margins. The cyclical nature of these businesses results in volatile profits and cash flows over the
business cycle. 

•

 Changes in energy and raw material costs: We purchase large amounts of energy and raw materials for our businesses. The aggregate cost of these
purchases represents a substantial portion of our cost of doing business. The prices of energy and raw materials generally follow price trends for crude oil and natural gas, which may be highly volatile and cyclical. Furthermore, across our
businesses, there are a limited number of suppliers for some of our raw materials and utilities and, in some cases, the number of sources for and availability of raw materials are specific to the particular geographic region in which a facility is
located. Accordingly, if one of these suppliers were unable to meet its obligations under present supply arrangements or were unwilling to sell to us, we could suffer reduced supplies or be forced to incur increased costs for our raw materials.

•

 Geopolitical instability: Instability in the global economic and political environment can lead to volatility in the costs and availability of
energy and raw materials, and in the prices for refined products and chemicals. This may place downward pressure on our results of operations. This is particularly true of developments in and relating to oil-producing countries, including terrorist
activities, military conflicts, embargoes, internal instability or actions or reactions of governments in anticipation of, or in response to, such developments. 

•

 Changes in transportation costs: We utilize the services of third parties to transport crude oil and refined products to and from our
refineries. The cost of these services is significant and prevailing rates can be very volatile depending on market conditions. Increases in crude oil or refined product transportation rates could result in increased raw material costs or product
distribution costs. 

16 

Table of Contents

•

 Impact of environmental and other regulations affecting the composition of gasoline and other refined products: Federally mandated standards for
use of renewable biofuels, such as ethanol and biodiesel in the production of refined products, are transforming traditional gasoline and diesel markets in North America. These regulatory mandates present production and logistical challenges for
both the petroleum refining and ethanol industries, and may require additional capital expenditures or expenses by us. We may have to enter into arrangements with other parties to meet our obligations to use advanced biofuels, with potentially
uncertain supplies of these new fuels. If we are unable to obtain or maintain sufficient quantities of ethanol to support our blending needs, our sale of ethanol blended gasoline could be interrupted or suspended which could result in lower profits.

There also will be compliance costs related to these regulations. We may experience a decrease in demand for
refined petroleum products due to new federal requirements for increased fleet mileage per gallon or due to replacement of refined petroleum products by renewable fuels. In addition, tax incentives and other subsidies making renewable fuels more
competitive with refined petroleum products may reduce refined petroleum product margins and the ability of refined petroleum products to compete with renewable fuels. A structural expansion of production capacity for such renewable biofuels, could
lead to significant increases in the overall production, and available supply, of gasoline and diesel in markets that we supply. This potential increase in supply of gasoline and diesel could result in lower refining margins for us, particularly in
the event of a contemporaneous reduction in demand, or during periods of sustained low demand for such refined products. 

It
is possible that any, or a combination, of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

Volatility in coal prices could materially affect our business and operating results. 

Sales prices for
coke production at most of our facilities reflect the pass through of coal costs. As a result, the profitability of these operations is not impacted directly by the price of coal. However, coal prices are a key factor in the profitability at our
Jewell operations. The global economic slowdown has negatively affected coal prices. In the event of continued decreases in coal prices, the results of operations and cash flows of our Jewell cokemaking operation could be materially impacted.

Changes in general economic, financial and business conditions could have a material effect on our business or results of operations.

Weakness in general economic, financial and business conditions can lead to a decline in the demand for the refined
products and chemicals that we sell. Such weakness can also lead to lower demand for transportation and storage services provided by us. In addition, the global economic slowdown has had an adverse impact on the steel industry which could negatively
affect the demand for the coal and coke that we produce. It is possible that any, or a combination, of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

Our operations could be disrupted if our information systems fail, causing increased expenses and loss of sales. 

Our business is highly dependent on financial, accounting and other data processing systems and other communications and information systems,
including our enterprise resource planning tools. We process a large number of transactions on a daily basis and rely upon the proper functioning of computer systems. If a key system was to fail or experience unscheduled downtime for any reason,
even if only for a short period, our operations and financial results could be affected adversely. Our systems could be damaged or interrupted by a security breach, fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure or similar event. We have a
formal disaster recovery plan in place, but this plan may not entirely prevent delays or other complications that could arise from an information systems failure. Our business interruption insurance may not compensate us adequately for losses that
may occur. 

17 

Table of Contents

Weather conditions and natural disasters could materially and adversely affect our business and
operating results. 

The effects of weather conditions and natural disasters can lead to volatility in the costs and
availability of energy and raw materials or negatively impact our operations or those of our customers and suppliers, which could have a significant adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Our inability to obtain adequate supplies of crude oil could affect our business and future operating results in a materially adverse way. 

We meet all of our crude oil requirements through purchases from third parties. Most of the crude oil processed at our
refineries is light-sweet crude oil. It is possible that an adequate supply of crude oil or other feedstocks may not be available to our refineries to sustain our current level of refining operations. In addition, our inability to process
significant quantities of less-expensive heavy-sour crude oil could be a competitive disadvantage. 

We purchase crude oil from
different regions throughout the world, including a significant portion from West Africa, and we are subject to the political, geographic and economic risks of doing business with suppliers located in these regions, including: 

•

 trade barriers; 

•

 national and regional labor strikes; 

•

 political unrest; 

•

 increases in duties and taxes; 

•

 changes in contractual terms; and 

•

 changes in laws and policies governing foreign companies. 

Substantially all of these purchases are made in the spot market, or under short-term contracts. In the event that we are unable to obtain
crude oil in the spot market, or one or more of our supply arrangements is terminated or cannot be renewed, we will need to find alternative sources of supply. In addition, we could experience an interruption of supply or an increased cost to
deliver refined products to market if the ability of the pipelines or vessels to transport crude oil or refined products is disrupted because of accidents, governmental regulation or third-party action. If we cannot obtain adequate crude oil volumes
of the type and quality we require, or if we are able to obtain such types and volumes only at unfavorable prices, our results of operations could be affected in a materially adverse way. 

We are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations that require substantial expenditures and affect the way we operate, which could affect
our business, future operating results or financial position in a materially adverse way. 

We are subject to extensive
federal, state and local laws and regulations, including those relating to the protection of the environment, waste management, discharge of hazardous materials, and the characteristics and composition of refined products. Certain of these laws and
regulations also require assessment or remediation efforts at many of our facilities and at formerly owned or third-party sites. Environmental laws and regulations may impose liability on us for the conduct of third parties, or for actions that
complied with applicable requirements when taken, regardless of negligence or fault. Environmental laws and regulations are subject to frequent change, and often become more stringent over time. Of particular significance to us are: 

•

 Greenhouse gas emissions: Through the operation of our refineries, chemical plants, marketing facilities, coke plants and coal mines, our
operations emit greenhouse gases, or GHG, including carbon dioxide. There are various legislative and regulatory measures to address GHG emissions which

18 

Table of Contents

are in various stages of review, discussion or implementation. These include federal and state actions to develop programs for the reduction of GHG emissions as well as proposals that would
create a cap and trade system that would require us to purchase carbon emission allowances for emissions at our manufacturing facilities and emissions caused by the use of the fuels that we sell. In addition, during 2009, the EPA indicated that it
intends to regulate carbon dioxide emissions. While it is currently not possible to predict the impact, if any, that these issues will have on us or the industry in general, they could result in increases in costs to operate and maintain our
facilities, as well as capital outlays for new emission control equipment at these facilities. In addition, regulations limiting GHG emissions or carbon content of products, which target specific industries such as petroleum refining or chemical or
coke manufacturing could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and also may reduce demand for our products. 

•

 National Ambient Air Quality Standards: National Ambient Air Quality Standards for ozone and fine particles promulgated by the EPA have resulted
in identification of non-attainment areas throughout the country, including Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, New Jersey and West Virginia, where we operate facilities. Areas designated as “moderate” non-attainment, including Philadelphia and
Houston, would be required to meet the ozone requirements by 2010, before currently mandated federal control programs take effect. In January 2009, the EPA issued a finding that the Philadelphia and Houston State Implementation Plans, or SIPs,
failed to demonstrate attainment by the 2010 deadline. This finding is expected to result in more stringent offset requirements, and could result in other negative consequences. Regulatory programs, when established to implement the EPA’s air
quality standards, could have an impact on us and our operations. While the potential financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated until the EPA promulgates regulatory programs to attain the standards, and the states, as necessary, develop and
implement revised SIPs to respond to the new regulations, it is possible that the new regulations will result in increased costs to us. 

•

 Natural resource damages: Certain federal and state government regulators have sought compensation from companies like us for natural resource
damages as an adjunct to remediation programs. Because we are involved in a number of remediation sites, a substantial increase in natural resource damage claims could result in substantially increased costs to us. 

We also are subject to liabilities resulting from our current and past operations, including legal and administrative proceedings related to
product liability, leaks from pipelines and underground storage tanks, premises-liability claims, allegations of exposures of third parties to toxic substances and general environmental claims. 

Compliance with current and future environmental laws and regulations likely will require us to make significant expenditures, increasing
the overall cost of operating our businesses, including capital costs to construct, maintain and upgrade equipment and facilities. To the extent these expenditures are not ultimately reflected in the prices of our products or services, our operating
results would be adversely affected. Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could also result in substantial fines or penalties against us or orders that could limit our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business or
results of operations. 

Product liability claims and litigation could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Product liability is a significant commercial risk. Substantial damage awards have been made in certain jurisdictions against
manufacturers and resellers based upon claims for injuries caused by the use of or exposure to various products. Failure of our products to meet required specifications could result in product liability claims from our shippers and customers and we
may be required to change or modify our product specifications, which can be costly and time consuming. There can be no assurance that product liability claims against us would not have a material adverse effect on our business or results of
operations. 

Along with other refiners, manufacturers and sellers of gasoline, we are a defendant in numerous lawsuits which
allege MTBE contamination in groundwater. Plaintiffs, who include water purveyors and municipalities

19 

Table of Contents

responsible for supplying drinking water and private well owners, are seeking compensatory damages (and in some cases injunctive relief, punitive damages and attorneys’ fees) for claims
relating to the alleged manufacture and distribution of a defective product (MTBE-containing gasoline) that contaminates groundwater, and general allegations of product liability, nuisance, trespass, negligence, violation of environmental laws and
deceptive business practices. There has been insufficient information developed about the plaintiffs’ legal theories or the facts that would be relevant to an analysis of the ultimate liability to us. These allegations or other product
liability claims against us could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

Federal and state
legislation and/or regulation could have a significant impact on market conditions and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

From time to time, new legislation or regulations are adopted by the federal government and various states. Any such federal or state legislation or regulations, including but not limited to any potential
environmental rules and regulations, tax legislation, energy policy legislation or legislation affecting trade or commercial practices, could have a significant impact on market conditions and could adversely affect our business or results of
operations in a material way. 

Disputes under long-term contracts could affect our business and future operations in a materially
adverse way. 

We have numerous long-term contractual arrangements across our businesses which frequently include
complex provisions. Interpretation of these provisions may, at times, lead to disputes with customers and/or suppliers. Unfavorable resolutions of these disputes could have a significant adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

Competition from companies having greater financial and other resources than we do could materially and adversely affect our business
and results of operations. 

We compete with domestic refiners and marketers in the northeastern and midwestern United
States and with foreign refiners that import products into the United States. In addition, we compete with producers and marketers in other industries that supply alternative forms of energy and fuels to satisfy the requirements of our industrial,
commercial and individual consumers. Certain of our competitors have larger and more complex refineries, and may be able to realize lower per-barrel costs or higher margins per barrel of throughput. Several of our principal competitors are
integrated national or international oil companies that are larger and have substantially greater resources than we do. Unlike these competitors, which have access to proprietary sources of controlled crude oil production, we obtain substantially
all of our feedstocks from unaffiliated sources. Because of their integrated operations and larger capitalization, these companies may be more flexible in responding to volatile industry or market conditions, such as shortages of crude oil and other
feedstocks or intense price fluctuations. 

We have taken significant measures to expand and upgrade units in our refineries by
installing new equipment and redesigning older equipment to improve refinery capacity. However, these actions involve significant uncertainties, since upgraded equipment may not perform at expected throughput levels, the yield and product quality of
new equipment may differ from design specifications and modifications may be needed to correct equipment that does not perform as expected. Any of these risks associated with new equipment, redesigned older equipment, or repaired equipment could
lead to lower revenues or higher costs or otherwise have an adverse effect on future results of operations and financial condition. Newer facilities owned by competitors will often be more efficient than some of our facilities, which may put us at a
competitive disadvantage. Over time, some of our facilities may become obsolete, or be unable to compete, because of the construction of new, more efficient facilities. 

We also face strong competition in the market for the sale of retail gasoline and merchandise. Our competitors include service stations operated by fully integrated major oil companies and other
well-recognized national or regional retail outlets, often selling gasoline or merchandise at aggressively competitive prices. 

20 

Table of Contents

Our chemicals business competes with local, regional, national and international companies,
some of which have greater financial, research and development, production and other resources than we do. 

Pipeline
operations of Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P., or the Partnership, the master limited partnership in which we hold a 33 percent interest, face significant competition from other pipelines for large volume shipments. These operations also face
competition from trucks for incremental and marginal volumes in areas served by the Partnership’s pipelines. The Partnership’s refined product terminals compete with terminals owned by integrated petroleum companies, refining and marketing
companies, independent terminal companies and distribution companies with marketing and trading operations. 

Our cokemaking
business is also highly competitive. Competition mainly impacts our ability to obtain new contracts supporting development of additional production capacity, both in the United States and internationally. Competitors include conventional chemical
by-product coke oven engineering and construction companies, other merchant coke producers and competitors that have developed and are attempting to develop heat-recovery cokemaking technology. 

The actions of our competitors, including the impact of foreign imports, could lead to lower prices or reduced margins for the products we
sell, which could have an adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

The financial performance of our coke business is
dependent upon customers in the steel industry whose failure to perform under their contracts with us could adversely affect our coke business. 

Substantially all of our domestic coke sales are currently made under long-term contracts with ArcelorMittal, AK Steel or US Steel. In addition, our technology and operating fees, as well as preferred
dividends pertaining to our Brazilian operations, are payable under long-term contracts with a project company in which a Brazilian subsidiary of ArcelorMittal is the major shareholder. 

The global economic slowdown has had an adverse impact on the steel industry. In certain instances, steelmakers have been suspending and
renegotiating contracts with their raw-material suppliers in response to a decline in steel demand. Some steel companies have been requesting that their suppliers cancel or postpone deliveries, while others are refusing deliveries and buying their
raw materials on the spot market where prices have fallen below long-term contract prices. In the event of nonperformance by our current or future steelmaking customers, our results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

We are exposed to the credit and other counterparty risk of our customers in the ordinary course of our business. 

We have various credit terms with virtually all of our customers, and our customers have varying degrees of creditworthiness. Although we
evaluate the creditworthiness of each of our customers, we may not always be able to fully anticipate or detect deterioration in their creditworthiness and overall financial condition, which could expose us to an increased risk of nonpayment or
other default under our contracts and other arrangements with them. In the event that a material customer or customers default on their payment obligations to us, this could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows. 

We maintain insurance against many, but not all, potential losses or liabilities arising from operating hazards in
amounts that we believe to be prudent. Failure by one or more insurers to honor their coverage commitments for an insured event could materially and adversely affect our future cash flows, operating results and financial condition.

Our business is subject to hazards and risks inherent in refining operations, chemical manufacturing and cokemaking
and coal mining operations and the transportation and storage of crude oil, refined products and chemicals. These risks include explosions, fires, spills, adverse weather, natural disasters, mechanical failures,

21 

Table of Contents

security breaches at our facilities, labor disputes and maritime accidents, any of which could result in loss of life or equipment, business interruptions, environmental pollution, personal
injury and damage to our property and that of others. In addition, certain of our facilities provide or share necessary resources, materials or utilities, rely on common resources or utilities for their supply, distribution or materials or are
located in close proximity to other of our facilities. As a result, an event, such as the closure of a transportation route, could adversely affect more than one facility. Our refineries, chemical plants, cokemaking and coal mining facilities,
pipelines and storage facilities also may be potential targets for terrorist attacks. 

We maintain insurance against many, but
not all, potential losses or liabilities arising from operating hazards in amounts that we believe to be prudent. Our insurance program includes a number of insurance carriers. Disruptions in the U.S. financial markets have resulted in the
deterioration in the financial condition of many financial institutions, including insurance companies. In light of this uncertainty, it is possible that we may not be able to obtain insurance coverage for insured events. Our failure to do so could
have a material adverse effect on our future cash flows, operating results and financial condition. 

We must make substantial capital
expenditures on our operating facilities to maintain their reliability and efficiency. If we are unable to complete capital projects at their expected costs and/or in a timely manner, or if the market conditions assumed in our project economics
deteriorate, our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

Delays or cost increases related to capital spending programs involving engineering, procurement and construction of new facilities (or improvements and repairs to our existing facilities) could adversely affect our ability to achieve
forecasted internal rates of return and operating results. Delays in making required changes or upgrades to our facilities could subject us to fines or penalties as well as affect our ability to supply certain products we make. Such delays or cost
increases may arise as a result of unpredictable factors in the marketplace, many of which are beyond our control, including: 

•

 denial or delay in issuing regulatory approvals and/or permits; 

•

 unplanned increases in the cost of construction materials or labor; 

•

 disruptions in transportation of modular components and/or construction materials; 

•

 severe adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or other events (such as equipment malfunctions, explosions, fires or spills) affecting our
facilities, or those of vendors and suppliers; 

•

 shortages of sufficiently skilled labor, or labor disagreements resulting in unplanned work stoppages; 

•

 market-related increases in a project’s debt or equity financing costs; and/or 

•

 nonperformance or force majeure by, or disputes with, vendors, suppliers, contractors or sub-contractors involved with a project.

Our refineries consist of many processing units, a number of which have been in operation for many years.
Equipment, even if properly maintained, may require significant capital expenditures to keep it operating at optimum efficiency. One or more of the units may require unscheduled downtime for unanticipated maintenance or repairs that are more
frequent than our scheduled turnarounds for such units. Scheduled and unscheduled maintenance could reduce our revenues during the period of time that the units are not operating. 

Our forecasted internal rates of return are also based upon our projections of future market fundamentals which are not within our control,
including changes in general economic conditions, available alternative supply and customer demand. 

Any one or more of these
factors could have a significant impact on our business. If we were unable to make up the delays associated with such factors or to recover the related costs, or if market conditions change, it could materially and adversely affect our financial
position, results of operations or cash flows. 

22 

Table of Contents

From time to time, our cash needs may exceed our internally generated cash flow, and our business
could be materially and adversely affected if we are unable to obtain the necessary funds from financing activities. 

We have substantial cash needs. These cash needs are primarily to satisfy working capital requirements, including crude oil purchases which fluctuate with the pricing and sourcing of crude oil. Our crude oil purchases generally have terms
that are longer than the terms of our product sales. When the price we pay for crude oil decreases, this typically results in a reduction in cash generated from our operations. Our cash needs also include capital expenditures for infrastructure,
environmental and other regulatory compliance, maintenance turnarounds at our refineries and income improvement projects. 

From time to time, our cash requirements may exceed our cash generation. During such periods, we may need to supplement our cash generation with proceeds from financing activities. We have $1.7 billion of revolving credit facilities and a
$300 million accounts receivable securitization facility which provides us with available financing to meet our cash needs. In the event of a significant downturn in the financial markets, it is possible that we would be unable to obtain the full
amount of the funds available under these facilities to satisfy our cash requirements. Our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Funding, especially on terms acceptable to us, may not be available to meet our future capital needs because of the volatility in the credit and capital markets. 

Global market and economic conditions have been, and continue to be volatile. In the event of a significant downturn in the market, the cost
of raising money in the debt and equity capital markets could increase substantially and the availability of funds from those markets could diminish significantly. In addition, the cost of obtaining money from the credit markets could increase if
lenders and institutional investors increase interest rates, enact tighter lending standards and reduce and/or cease to provide funding to borrowers. 

The banks that participate in our revolving credit facilities are subject to the turmoil and volatility of the global economic market. If one or more of these banks were to declare bankruptcy or otherwise
be unable to fund its loan commitments under our credit facilities, we may be unable to obtain the full amount of the funds available under the credit facilities and therefore be unable to satisfy our cash requirements. 

If funding is not available when needed, or is available only on unfavorable terms, meeting our capital needs or otherwise taking advantage
of business opportunities or responding to competitive pressures may become challenging, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 

We have various credit agreements and other financing arrangements that impose certain restrictions on us and may limit our flexibility to undertake certain types of transactions. If we fail to
comply with the terms and provisions of our debt instruments, the indebtedness under them may become immediately due and payable, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position. 

Several of our existing debt instruments and financing arrangements contain restrictive covenants that limit our financial flexibility and
that of our subsidiaries. Our credit facilities require the maintenance of certain financial ratios, satisfaction of certain financial condition tests and, subject to certain exceptions, impose restrictions on: 

•

 incurrence of additional indebtedness; 

•

 issuance of preferred stock by our subsidiaries; 

•

 incurrence of liens; 

•

 sale and leaseback transactions; 

•

 agreements by our subsidiaries which would limit their ability to pay dividends, make distributions or repay loans or advances to us; and

•

 fundamental changes, such as certain mergers and dispositions of assets. 

23 

Table of Contents

Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. has a credit facility that contains similar covenants.
Increased borrowings by this subsidiary will raise the level of our total consolidated net indebtedness, and could restrict our ability to borrow money or otherwise incur additional debt. 

If we do not comply with the covenants and other terms and provisions of our credit facilities, we will be required to request a waiver
under, or an amendment to, those facilities. If we cannot obtain such a waiver or amendment, or if we fail to comply with the covenants and other terms and provisions of our indentures, we would be in default under our debt instruments which could
trigger a default under Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P.’s debt facilities as well. Likewise, a default by Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. on its debt could cause a default under our debt instruments. Any defaults may cause the indebtedness under
the facilities to become immediately due and payable, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position. 

Our ability to meet our debt service obligations depends upon our future performance, which is subject to general economic conditions, industry cycles and financial, business and other factors affecting our operations, many of which are
beyond our control. A portion of our cash flow from operations is needed to pay the principal of, and interest on, our indebtedness and is not available for other purposes. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations, we may
have to sell assets, refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness or obtain additional financing. Any of these actions could have a material adverse effect on our financial position. 

Any reduction in our credit ratings or in the Partnership’s credit ratings could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity or ability to raise capital, and
results of operations. 

We currently maintain investment grade ratings by Fitch, Moody’s and S&P. (Ratings
from credit agencies are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our securities. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.) It is possible that our current ratings could be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency
if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. Specifically, if Fitch, Moody’s or S&P were to downgrade our long-term rating below investment grade, our borrowing costs would increase, which could adversely affect our ability to attract
potential investors and our funding sources could decrease. In addition, our suppliers may not extend favorable credit terms to us or may require us to provide collateral, letters of credit or other forms of security which would drive up our
operating costs. As a result, a downgrade in our credit ratings could have a materially adverse impact on our future operations and financial position. 

Distributions from our subsidiaries may be inadequate to fund our capital needs, make payments on our indebtedness, and pay dividends on our equity securities. 

As a holding company, we derive substantially all of our income from, and hold substantially all of our assets through, our subsidiaries. As
a result, we depend on distributions of funds from our subsidiaries to meet our capital needs and our payment obligations with respect to our indebtedness. Our operating subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to
pay any amounts due with respect to our indebtedness or to provide us with funds for our capital needs or our debt payment obligations, whether by dividends, distributions, loans or otherwise. In addition, provisions of applicable law, such as those
restricting the legal sources of dividends, could limit our subsidiaries’ ability to make payments or other distributions to us, or our subsidiaries could agree to contractual restrictions on their ability to make distributions. 

Our rights with respect to the assets of any subsidiary and, therefore, the rights of our creditors with respect to those assets are
effectively subordinated to the claims of that subsidiary’s creditors. In addition, if we were a creditor of any subsidiary, our rights as a creditor would be subordinate to any security interest in the assets of that subsidiary and any
indebtedness of that subsidiary senior to that held by us. 

If we cannot obtain funds from our subsidiaries as a result of
restrictions under our debt instruments, applicable laws and regulations, or otherwise, and are unable to meet our capital needs, pay interest or principal with respect to our indebtedness when due or pay dividends on our equity securities, we
cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain the necessary funds from other sources, or on terms that will be acceptable to us. 

24 

Table of Contents

Poor performance in the financial markets could have a material adverse effect on the level of funding
of our pension obligations, on the level of pension expense and on our financial position. In addition, any use of current cash flow to fund our pension and postretirement health care obligations could have a significant adverse effect on our
financial position. 

We have substantial benefit obligations in connection with our noncontributory defined benefit
pension plans. We have made contributions to the plans each year over the past several years to improve their funded status, and we expect to make additional contributions to the plans in the future as well. The projected benefit obligation of our
funded defined benefit plans at December 31, 2009 exceeded the market value of our plan assets by $319 million. Poor investment results for the plans during 2008 resulted in an increase of approximately $50 million after tax in pension expense
for 2009 due to lower expected returns on plan assets and higher amortization of actuarial losses. As a result of the workforce reduction, the sale of our Tulsa refinery and the shutdown of our Eagle Point refinery, we also incurred noncash
settlement and curtailment losses in these plans during 2009 totaling approximately $75 million after tax. In early 2010, we contributed $230 million to our funded defined benefit plans consisting of $140 million of cash and 3.59 million shares of
our own common stock valued at $90 million. We also may make additional contributions to our funded defined benefit plans during the remainder of 2010 if we have available cash. Continued poor performance of the financial markets, or decreases in
interest rates, could result in additional significant charges to shareholders’ equity and additional significant increases in future pension expense and funding requirements. 

We also have substantial benefit obligations in connection with our postretirement health care plans that provide health care benefits for
substantially all of our current retirees. These plans are unfunded and the costs are shared by us and our retirees. 

To the
extent that we have to fund our pension and postretirement health care obligations with cash from operations, we may be at a disadvantage to some of our competitors who do not have the same level of retiree obligations that we have. 

A portion of our workforce is unionized, and we may face labor disruptions that could materially and adversely affect our operations.

Approximately 22 percent of our employees are covered by many collective bargaining agreements with various terms and
dates of expirations. All of the contracts at our refineries expire in the first quarter of 2012. We cannot assure you that we will not experience a work stoppage in the future as a result of labor disagreements. A labor disturbance at any of our
major facilities could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

Acquisitions, divestitures and other significant transactions
may adversely affect our business. 

We regularly review acquisition, divestiture and other strategic opportunities that
would further our business objectives, diversity, upgrade or grow our asset base, or eliminate assets that do not meet our return-on-investment criteria. The anticipated benefits of our acquisitions, divestitures and other strategic transactions may
not be realized or may be realized more slowly than we expected. Acquisitions, divestitures and other strategic opportunities have resulted in, and in the future could result in, a number of financial consequences, including without limitation:
reduced cash balances and related interest income; higher fixed expenses; the incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities, including indemnification obligations; restructuring actions, which could result in charges that have a material effect on
our results of operations and our financial position; loss of customers, suppliers, distributors, licensors or employees of the acquired company; legal, accounting and advisory fees; and one-time write-offs of large amounts.