Risks Related to Demand for Our Products and Services 

Our Solar
Materials and SunEdison businesses depend on the solar industry, which is driven largely by availability and size of government and economic incentives which could be reduced or eliminated, resulting in decreased demand for our solar wafers and
SunEdison’s services, which could have significant negative effects on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Today’s solar industry demand continues to be mainly driven by the availability and size of government and economic incentives related to the use of solar power, because today the cost of solar power
exceeds the cost of power furnished by the electric utility grid in many locations. As a result, government bodies in many countries, most notably Germany, Italy, Spain and Japan, have historically provided incentives in the form of rebates, tax
credits and other incentives to end users, distributors, system integrators and manufacturers of solar power products to promote the use of solar energy in on-grid applications and to reduce dependency on other forms of energy. In addition, we rely
upon income tax credits and upfront grants in the United States for solar energy systems. Most countries have continued to regularly reduce the rates paid to solar power system owners for generating electricity under their respective feed-in-tariff
programs, and these regular, scheduled reductions in feed-in tariff rates are expected to continue. These government economic incentives could be further reduced or eliminated altogether, especially in light of ongoing worldwide economic troubles
and slow recovery. In addition, some of these solar program incentives expire, decline over time, are limited in total funding or require renewal of authority. Finally, some countries could alter their programs retroactively which would impact our
systems currently in place. Reductions in, or eliminations or expirations of, governmental incentives could result in decreased demand for our wafers, our customers’ products and our solar energy systems, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our Semiconductor Materials business segment
depends on the semiconductor device industry, and if that industry experiences a downturn, our sales could decrease and we could be forced to reduce our prices while maintaining fixed costs, all of which could have significant negative effects on
our operating results and financial condition. 

Our Semiconductor Materials business depends in large part upon the
market demand for our customers’ semiconductor devices that are utilized in electronics applications. The semiconductor device industry experiences: 

•

 rapid technological change; 

•

 product obsolescence; 

•

 changes in product mix; 

•

 price erosion; and 

•

 fluctuations in product supply and demand, some of which fluctuations can be severe. 

From time to time, the semiconductor device industry has experienced significant downturns. These downturns often occur in connection
with declines in general economic conditions. Some of these downturns have lasted for more than a year and have resulted in a substantial decrease in demand for our products. If the semiconductor device industry experiences future downturns, we will
face pressure to reduce prices and we may need to further rationalize capacity and reduce fixed costs. If we are unable to reduce our expenses sufficiently to offset reductions in price and volume, our operating results and financial condition will
be materially adversely affected. 

An excess of polysilicon supply and increased use of thin-film technologies could
adversely affect sales of our solar wafers, forcing us to reduce prices in order to maintain or gain market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

In the past few years, a large number of companies have announced plans to produce polysilicon. In addition, in part due to the lack of
available polysilicon supply occurring in 2005 through 2007, a number of companies began manufacturing thin-film solar modules, which are intended to obviate the need for crystalline-based solar wafers of the type sold by us. Both new available
polysilicon supply and the increased use of thin-film technologies by our customers or other solar cell and module companies could lead to an excess supply of available material. In the event of polysilicon oversupply, we may need to reduce our
prices on solar wafers to retain or gain market share. In the past we have agreed to price reductions with some of our customers, including customers with whom we have long term supply agreements, and we may need to do so again in the future,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

11 

Our SunEdison business is seasonal, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition or results of operations or the market price of our common stock. 

Our quarterly results
of operations fluctuate significantly based on the timing of SunEdison projects. Our SunEdison business is seasonal, with a significant portion of revenues recognized during the fourth quarter of each year. There are various reasons for this
seasonality, mostly related to economic incentives and weather patterns. For example, in European countries with feed-in tariffs, the construction of solar power systems may be concentrated during the second half of the calendar year, largely due to
the annual reduction of the applicable minimum feed-in tariff and the fact that the coldest winter months are January through March. In the United States, customers will sometimes make purchasing decisions towards the end of the year in order to
take advantage of tax credits or for other budgetary reasons. 

In 2010, our SunEdison net sales for the fourth quarter
accounted for approximately 73% of the total SunEdison segment net sales during 2010. In the future, if SunEdison’s net sales in the second half of the year are lower than expected, our operating results would be adversely affected, and it
could have a disproportionately large impact on our annual operating results and the market price for our common stock. 

Existing regulations and policies governing the electric utility industry, as well as changes to these regulations and policies,
may adversely affect demand for our Solar Materials and SunEdison products and services and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The market for electricity generation is heavily influenced by federal, state and local government regulations and policies concerning
the electric utility industry, as well as policies promulgated by public utility commissions and electric utilities. These regulations and policies govern, among other matters, electricity pricing and the technical interconnection of distributed
electricity generation to the grid. The regulations and policies also regulate net metering, which relates to the ability to offset utility-generated electricity consumption by feeding electricity produced by renewable energy sources, such as solar
energy, back into the grid. Utility customer purchases of alternative energy, including solar energy, could be deterred by these regulations and policies, which could result in a significant reduction in the potential demand for our solar energy
systems and solar wafers. Changes in consumer electricity tariffs or peak hour pricing policies of utilities, including the introduction of fixed price policies, could also reduce or eliminate the cost savings derived from solar energy systems and,
as a result, reduce our customer demand for our systems. 

If we are unable to enter into new financing agreements when
needed, or upon desirable terms, for the construction and installation of our solar energy systems, or if any of our current financing partners discontinue or materially change the financing of our systems, we may be unable to finance our projects
or our borrowing costs could increase, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We typically rely on credit facilities and working capital to fund the up-front costs associated with the design, construction and installation of our solar energy systems and the purchase of components,
such as solar modules and inverters, for our systems. In addition, we secure long-term financing upon completion of our solar energy systems for those systems we retain and use the proceeds to refinance the debt incurred for the design, construction
and installation of the solar energy systems, as well as to generate profits and cash-flow for our business. Without access to sufficient and appropriate financing, or if that financing is not available at desirable rates or on terms we deem
appropriate, we would be unable to grow our SunEdison business by increasing the number of solar energy systems we are simultaneously developing. Our ability to obtain additional financing in the future depends on banks’ and other financing
sources’ continued confidence in our business model and the renewable energy industry as a whole. Solar energy has yet to reach widespread market penetration and is highly dependent on continued support in the form of performance-based
incentives, rebates, tax credits, feed-in tariffs and other incentives from federal, state and foreign governments. If this support were to dissipate, our ability to obtain external financing on acceptable terms, or at all, could be materially
adversely affected. While we have substantial solar financing available to us through the First Reserve Partnership and through a $50 million facility with Rabobank, our current cash and financing sources may be inadequate to support the anticipated
growth in our business plans. In addition, we do not have any dedicated financing in some of our emerging and international markets, and obtaining financing in these new markets could present unforeseen challenges. Our failure to obtain necessary
financing to fund our operations would materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

12 

To date we have obtained financing for our SunEdison business from a limited number of
financial institutions. If any of these financial institutions decided not to continue financing our solar energy systems, or materially changed the terms under which they are willing to provide financing, we could be required to identify a new
financial institution and negotiate new financing documentation. The process of identifying a new financing partner and agreeing on all relevant business and legal terms could be lengthy and could require us to reduce the rate of the growth of our
business until such new financing arrangements were in place. In addition, there can be no assurance that the terms of the financing provided by a new financial institution would compare favorably with the terms available from our current financing
partners. Our inability to secure financing could lead to cancelled projects, or reduced deal flow or we could be forced to finance the construction and installation of solar energy systems ourselves. In any such case, our borrowing costs could
increase, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If
we fail to meet changing customer demands, we may lose customers and our sales could suffer. 

The industries in which
we operate change rapidly. Changes in our customers’ requirements result in new and more demanding technologies, product specifications and sizes, and manufacturing processes. Our ability to remain competitive will depend upon our ability to
develop technologically advanced products and processes. We must continue to meet the increasingly demanding requirements of our customers on a cost-effective basis. As a result, we expect to continue to make significant investments in research and
development and equipment. We cannot be certain that we will be able to successfully introduce, market and cost-effectively manufacture any new products, or that we will be able to develop new or enhanced products and processes that satisfy customer
needs or achieve market acceptance. 

13 

Risks Related to our Supply Chain and Supply Channels 

Our dependence on single and limited source suppliers and subcontractors in our Semiconductor and Solar Materials businesses could
harm our production output and adversely affect our manufacturing throughput and yield, which could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We obtain several raw materials, equipment, parts and supplies from sole suppliers. Likewise, we obtain all of our requirements for
granular polysilicon from our facility in Pasadena, Texas. This dependence could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In the case of granular polysilicon, although we believe that we could
substitute chunk polysilicon for granular polysilicon, we cannot predict whether this substitution would be successful or how long the related customer qualification process would take. In addition, with any material, unplanned change to increased
use of chunk polysilicon as a substitute for granular polysilicon, our manufacturing process would be interrupted and our manufacturing throughput and yields would be adversely affected. A failure to obtain a new qualification or a decrease in our
manufacturing throughput or yields could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

From time to time we have experienced limited supplies of certain raw materials, equipment, parts and supplies, particularly polysilicon. We may experience shortages of our key raw materials, equipment,
parts and supplies in the future. A prolonged inability to manufacture or obtain raw materials, equipment, parts or supplies, or increases in prices resulting from shortages of these critical materials could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition or results of operations. 

In addition, we often contract with subcontractors that convert our
polysilicon into solar wafers which we, in turn, sell to our customers. When wafer pricing increases and/or when capacity tightens, as it did in the first half of 2010, we are forced to accept higher prices and higher payment terms than we would
accept in a more normalized supply-demand environment. These factors, which are often outside our control, could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We are currently dependent on a limited number of third-party suppliers for certain components for our solar energy systems. We
also rely on third-party subcontractors to construct and install our solar energy systems, which could result in sales and installation delays, cancellations, liquidated damages and loss of market share for our SunEdison business.

We rely on a limited number of third-party suppliers for certain components for our solar power systems, such as
modules and inverters. If we fail to develop or maintain our relationships with these suppliers, we may be unable to install our solar power systems on time, or only at a higher cost or after a long delay, which could prevent us from delivering our
solar power systems to our customers within required timeframes. To the extent the processes that our suppliers use to manufacture components are proprietary, we may be unable to obtain comparable components from alternative suppliers. The failure
of a supplier to supply components in a timely manner, or to supply components that meet our quality, quantity and cost requirements, could impair our ability to install solar power systems or may increase our costs. 

We utilize and rely on third party subcontractors to construct and install our solar energy systems throughout the world. If our
subcontractors do not satisfy their obligations or do not perform work that meets our quality standards or if there is a shortage of third-party subcontractors or labor strikes that interfere with our subcontractors’ ability to complete their
work on time and/or on budget, we could experience significant delays in our construction operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and/or our ability to grow our SunEdison business. 

Significant payments required from us under take-or-pay contracts could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or results of operations. 

We have long term annual take-or-pay contracts with certain suppliers of
precursor raw materials and solar wafers. If we fail to take the required annual amounts under those contracts, we are required to make payments to the supplier and those payments could be significant. In January 2010, we made a payment of
$15.9 million for a 2009 purchase shortfall. We made another payment to this supplier in January 2011 of $5.8 million related to a 2010 purchase shortfall of precursor raw materials. These payments, if required in future years, could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Risks Related to Our
Operations 

If we do not continue to reduce our manufacturing costs and operating expenses, we may not be able to
compete effectively in the semiconductor and solar wafer industries. 

The success of our Semiconductor Materials and
Solar Materials businesses depends, in part, on our continuous reduction of manufacturing costs and leveraging of operating expenses. If we are not able to reduce our manufacturing costs and leverage our operating expenses sufficiently to offset
future price erosion, our operating results will be adversely affected. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to reduce our manufacturing costs and leverage our operating expenses. Moreover, any future reduction of headcount or
closure of one or more of our manufacturing facilities may adversely affect our ability to manufacture wafers in required volumes to meet customer demand and may result in other production disruptions, or could require us to take an excess capacity
or impairment charge, which could have an adverse effect on our operating results. In our Solar Energy business, cost reductions on balance-of-system costs are critical to our success in the downstream solar market. 

14 

Our expansion of manufacturing volume and capacity at other locations, and relocation
of certain U.S. manufacturing operations to our new Ipoh, Malaysia facility, present business risks which could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

We have invested significantly, and are continuing to invest, in expanding our polysilicon production capacity and our 300 millimeter production capacity; bringing our own solar wafer (156 millimeter)
manufacturing facility in Kuching, Malaysia online in early 2011; investing in our joint venture with Samsung Fine Chemicals to produce high purity polysilicon; and relocating certain Semiconductor Materials manufacturing capacity to Ipoh, Malaysia.
Expansion of 300 millimeter and 156 millimeter wafer manufacturing production capacity, startup of our Ipoh, Malaysia semiconductor manufacturing facility, starting our own solar wafering facility, ramping production of our monocrystalline wafering
facility in Portland, Oregon, startup of our joint venture with Samsung Fine Chemicals and expansion of our Merano, Italy polysilicon facility are all subject to risks such as availability of capital equipment; delays in construction or installation
and related technical difficulties in ramping such new capacity to significant production levels; availability of additional precursor raw materials; timing of production ramp; and qualification of new facilities for new and existing customers. The
expansion of our 156 millimeter solar wafer manufacturing is also subject to additional risks, including refining and adapting our manufacturing technologies to customer requirements; identifying and managing our qualified subcontractors to
manufacture 156 millimeter wafers while we build and ramp our own solar wafer manufacturing facility; and establishing and maintaining sufficient internal research and development, marketing, sales, production and customer service infrastructure to
support this effort. 

In order to succeed in these planned expansions and relocations, and increased quantities of wafer
deliveries, we will need to devote capital expenditures as well as the investment of management time and related resources to successfully execute these planned expansions and relocations. This could disrupt our existing business, affect our
operating results and distract our management team. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully reach our production, timing and cost goals for our planned expansions and relocations as customer specifications and demand evolve.
Use of capital and management resources that otherwise would have been made available to expand other parts of our business could have material adverse consequences on our results of operations if we fail to manage these expansions and relocations
successfully. 

If we fail to adequately manage our planned growth, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be materially adversely affected. 

We expect our business, operations and number of employees to grow
significantly over the next year. We expect that our growth will place significant stress on our operations, management, employee base and ability to meet capital requirements sufficient to support our growth over the next 12 months. Any failure to
address the needs of our growing business successfully could have a negative impact on our chance of success. 

15 

Large scale solar projects in our SunEdison segment involve concentrated project
development risks that may cause significant changes in our financial results. 

SunEdison has recently focused on
developing large solar projects involving significantly greater megawatt production than previous projects. These larger projects may create new operating and financial risks, as well as concentrate project development risks otherwise described in
these risk factors. The effect of recognizing GAAP revenue on the sale of a larger project, including through percentage of completion accounting for certain projects, or the failure to recognize GAAP revenue as anticipated in a given reporting
period because a project is not yet completed or sold under applicable accounting rules by period end, may materially impact our quarterly or annual financial results. These projects may give rise to significant capital commitments which could
materially affect cash flow. In addition, if construction, module delivery, financing, warranty or operational issues arise on a larger project, such issues could have a material impact on our GAAP financial results. Finally, SunEdison has not
historically built a large number of such large scale projects, including multiple large scale projects in different markets, and the management of such projects represents a new test of SunEdison’s internal processes, external construction
management, capital commitment process, project finance infrastructure and financing ability. The inability to successfully manage these large scale projects could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

SunEdison’s business presents significant new challenges for us and we cannot be certain that we can meet those challenges to
successfully develop our solar power projects and energy services business. 

There are significant risks related to
the development of solar power plants, including high initial capital expenditure costs to develop and construct functional power plant facilities and the related need for related construction capital, the availability of favorable government tax
and other incentives, the high cost and potential regulatory and technical difficulties in integrating into new markets, an often limited or unstable marketplace, competition from other sources of electric power, regulatory difficulties including
obtaining necessary permits, difficulties in negotiating power purchase agreements with potential customers, educating the market regarding the reliability and benefits of solar energy products and services, costs associated with environmental
regulatory compliance, and competing with larger, more established solar energy companies and utilities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to overcome these risks as we develop our solar power projects and energy services business.

With the acquisition of SunEdison, although SunEdison is a purchaser of solar modules from certain of our customers, some of
the customers for our solar wafers that also develop solar power projects could decide that they will reduce or discontinue their purchase of wafers from us. Such a reduction or cessation of purchases could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations or financial condition. 

We anticipate that the SunEdison business will continue to require
significant amounts of working capital and other capital. There can be no assurance that the SunEdison business will produce sufficient margins to support the capital required. Historically, and in 2010, the SunEdison business has generated losses
as SunEdison has ramped up its operations. 

Future acquisitions may present other integration challenges.

If we find other appropriate opportunities in the future, we may acquire businesses, products or technologies that we
believe are strategic. If we acquire a business, product or technology, the process of integration may produce unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures, fail to result in expected synergies or other benefits and absorb significant
attention of our management that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development of our business. 

The loss of
one or more of our customers, or failure of any of those customers to meet their obligations under these agreements could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

One customer in our Solar Materials Business accounted for 12% of our consolidated revenue in 2010, compared to 23% of our revenue in
2009 from this same customer. One customer in our SunEdison Business also accounted for 13% of our consolidated revenue in 2010. Our operating results could materially suffer if we experience a significant reduction in, or loss of, purchases by one
or more of these companies or by our other top customers. 

We have long-term supply agreements with four customers. We have
had to amend three of these four agreements to reduce the wafer prices and expect to do the same with the fourth customer. There can be no assurance that we will not need to further amend our long-term agreements with these four customers to reduce
prices dictated by such agreements, or make changes to other provisions of the agreements. In addition, one of these customers has still not made a scheduled refundable capacity reservation deposit that was due under its agreement in early January
2009. As a result, we cannot be certain that this customer will be able to purchase its required volumes of wafers under its long-term supply agreement with us. Furthermore, from time to time one or more of these customers will cease placing orders
with us as they attempt to renegotiate price or other terms under the agreement. For example, in January 2011, one long-term solar wafer customer did not make a scheduled increased payment in connection with the 2011 refundable capacity reservation
deposit or renew a required 2011 letter of credit under the agreement in an attempt to renegotiate price and other terms under the agreement. We have ceased shipments to this customer pending resolution of these issues. 

16 

In addition, although the long-term supply agreements with all four of these customers are
“take or pay contracts”, there can be no assurance that the customers will be able to fulfill their financial commitments to us in the agreements to pay the associated amounts if they do not fulfill their purchase obligations under the
agreements. If we had to stop shipping to a customer who failed to meet its obligations under the long-term supply agreement, we could have excess or idle production capacity which could adversely affect our results of operations if we were unable
to sell the products elsewhere or on similar terms. 

We face competition in the industries in which we operate, which
could force us to reduce our prices to retain market share or face losing market share and revenues. 

We face
competition in the semiconductor wafer industry from established manufacturers throughout the world, including Shin-Etsu Handotai, SUMCO, Siltronic, LG Siltron and Covalent. We also face competition in the solar wafer industry from established
manufacturers throughout the world, including LDK Solar, Renesola, M. Setek and SAS (Sino American Silicon Products). In addition, vertically integrated solar companies such as GCL Poly, REC Group and LDK Solar, also compete in the solar materials
market. We face competition in the solar energy services provider market from SunPower Corporation, First Solar, Inc., Sharp Corporation (Recurrent Energy), Phoenix Solar, Iberdrola Renewable Inc., JUWI Solar Gmbh and Fotowatio Renewable Ventures.
Some of our competitors have substantial financial, technical, engineering and manufacturing resources to develop products that currently, and may, in the future, compete favorably against our products, and some of our competitors in the solar
industry may have substantial government-backed financial resources. We expect that our competitors will continue to improve the design and performance of their products and to introduce new products with competitive price and performance
characteristics, and our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We may need to reduce our prices to respond to aggressive pricing by our competitors to
retain or gain market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Because we cannot easily transfer production of specific products from one of our manufacturing facilities to another, manufacturing delays or lack of capacity or output at a single facility could
result in a loss of product volume in our Semiconductor Materials and Solar Materials businesses. 

It typically takes
three to nine months for our customers to qualify a manufacturing facility to produce a specific product, but it can take longer depending upon a customer’s requirements and market conditions. Interruption of operations or lack of available
additional capacity at any of our primary wafer manufacturing facilities could result in delays or cancellations of shipments of wafers and a loss of product volume. Likewise, interruption of operations at our polysilicon manufacturing facilities in
Merano, Italy and Pasadena, Texas could adversely affect our wafer manufacturing throughput and yields and could result in our inability to produce certain qualified wafer products, delays or cancellations of shipments of wafers and a loss of
product volume. A number of factors could cause interruptions, including extreme weather conditions, such as hurricanes, which occur in the Pasadena, Texas area, equipment failures, shortages of raw materials or supplies, transportation logistic
complications or labor disputes. We have had interruptions of our manufacturing operations for some of these reasons in the past, and could have such interruptions again in the future. Unions represent some of the employees at our wafer facilities
in St. Peters, Missouri, Italy and South Korea, and our granular polysilicon facility in Pasadena, Texas. A work shortage or slowdown at any of these facilities could cause interruptions in manufacturing. We cannot be certain that alternate
qualified capacity would be available on a timely basis or at all. 

Our business may be harmed if we fail to properly
protect our intellectual property. 

We believe that the success of our business depends in part on our proprietary
technology, information, processes and know how. We try to protect our intellectual property rights based on trade secrets and patents as part of our ongoing research, development and manufacturing activities. We cannot be certain, however, that we
have adequately protected or will be able to adequately protect our technology, that our competitors will not be able to utilize our existing technology or develop similar technology independently, that the claims allowed with respect to any patents
held by us will be broad enough to protect our technology or that foreign intellectual property laws will adequately protect our intellectual property rights. Moreover, we cannot be certain that our patents provide us with a competitive advantage.

Any litigation in the future to enforce patents issued to us, to protect trade secrets or know how possessed by us or to
defend us or to indemnify others against claimed infringement of the rights of others could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. From time to time, we receive notices from other companies
that allege we may be infringing certain of their patents or other rights. If we are unable to resolve these matters satisfactorily, or to obtain licenses on acceptable terms, we may face litigation, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
We are presently involved in a few cases involving allegations of patent infringement by us or by others. Regardless of the validity or successful outcome of any such intellectual property claims, we may need to expend significant time and expense
to protect our intellectual property rights or to defend against claims of infringement by third parties, which could have a material adverse effect on us. If we lose any such litigation where we are alleged to infringe the rights of others, we may
be required to pay substantial damages, seek licenses from others, or change, or stop manufacturing or selling, some of our products. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of
operations. 

17 

From time to time, we may become involved in costly and time-consuming litigation and
other regulatory proceedings, which require significant attention from our management. 

In addition to litigation
related to our intellectual property rights, we are a defendant from time to time in other lawsuits and regulatory actions relating to our business, some of which may claim significant damages. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation and
regulatory proceedings, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings. An unfavorable outcome could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial position, results of operations or cash flows or limit our
ability to engage in certain of our business activities. In addition, regardless of the outcome of any litigation or regulatory proceedings, such proceedings are often expensive, lengthy, disruptive to normal business operations and require
significant attention from our management. We are currently and may be subject in the future to claims in tort or under contracts, lawsuits relating to employment matters, antitrust allegations, securities class action lawsuits, IRS examinations or
other lawsuits, regulatory actions or government inquiries and investigations. For example, a jury trial in the Semi-Materials Co., Ltd. case commenced in the Eastern District of Missouri on February 22, 2011. See “Item 3. Legal
Proceedings,” below. 

Our inability to respond to rapid market changes in the solar energy industry, including
identification of new technologies and their inclusion in the services that we offer, will adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

The solar energy industry is characterized by rapid increases in the diversity and complexity of technologies, products and services. In particular, the ongoing evolution of technological standards
requires products with lower costs and improved features, such as more efficiency and higher electricity output. If we fail to identify or obtain access to advances in technologies, we may become less competitive and our business, financial
condition or results of operations may be materially adversely affected. In addition, we generally enter into long-term supply contracts and may hold a substantial inventory of solar modules and other related equipment that we utilize to provide our
solar energy services. Rapid technological changes could result in components that we are contractually committed to purchase or our inventory becoming partially or entirely obsolete or not cost-effective, which could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

A significant deterioration in the financial
performance of the U.S. retail industry could materially adversely affect our Sun Edison business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The financial performance of our SunEdison business in the United States depends upon the continued viability and financial stability of its retail customers. If the retail industry is materially and
adversely affected by an economic downturn, increase in inflation or other factors, one or more of our largest customers could encounter financial difficulty, and possibly, bankruptcy. If one or more of our largest customers were to encounter
financial difficulty or declare bankruptcy, they may reduce their power purchase agreement payments to us or stop them altogether. Any interruption or termination in payments by our customers would result in less cash being paid to the special
purpose legal entities we establish to finance our projects, which could adversely affect the entities’ ability to make lease payments to the financing parties which are the legal owners of many of our solar energy systems or to pay our lenders
in the case of the solar energy systems that we own. In such a case the amount of distributable cash held by the entities would decrease, adversely affecting the cash flows we receive from such entities. In addition, our ability to finance
additional new projects with power purchase agreements from such customers would be adversely affected, undermining our ability to grow our business. Any reduction or termination of payments by one or more of our principal customers would have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are subject to numerous
environmental laws and regulations, which could require us to incur environmental liabilities, increase our manufacturing and related compliance costs or otherwise adversely affect our business. 

We are subject to a variety of foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the protection of the environment. These
environmental laws and regulations include those relating to the use, storage, handling, discharge, emission, disposal and reporting of toxic, volatile or otherwise hazardous materials used in our manufacturing processes. These materials may have
been or could be released into the environment at properties currently or previously owned or operated by us, at other locations during the transport of the materials, or at properties to which we send substances for treatment or disposal. If we
were to violate or become liable under environmental laws and regulations or become non-compliant with permits required at some of our facilities, we could be held financially responsible and incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, fines
and civil or criminal sanctions, third-party property damage or personal injury claims. Groundwater and/or soil contamination has been detected at four of our facilities. We believe we are taking all necessary remedial steps at these facilities. In
addition, if we should decide to close a facility in the future, we could be subject to additional costs related to cleanup and/or remediation of the facility in connection with closing the facility. We do not expect these known conditions to have a
material impact on our business. Environmental issues relating to presently known or unknown matters, however, could require additional investigation, assessment or expenditures. In addition, new laws and regulations or stricter enforcement of
existing laws and regulations could give rise to additional compliance costs and liabilities. 

18 

Although we are not currently regulated as a utility under U.S. federal or state law
or the laws and regulations of our foreign markets, we could become regulated as a utility company in the future. 

As
a solar energy provider, we currently are not regulated under federal law and most state laws as a utility company because we develop solar systems below a certain size threshold, and therefore are not subject to the various federal and state
standards, restrictions and regulatory requirements applicable to U.S. utility companies. In the United States, SunEdison obtains federal and state regulatory exemptions by establishing “Qualifying Facility” status with the Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission, or FERC, for all of its solar energy projects. Additionally, as SunEdison’s utility-scale business grows to entail sales of electricity from solar energy systems greater than 20 MW, SunEdison will need to seek and obtain
standardized “Power Marketer Licenses” from FERC in order to undertake sales of power from such large facilities. In Europe and in Canada, SunEdison and its subsidiaries are also generally subject to the regulations of the relevant energy
regulatory agencies applicable to all producers of electricity under the relevant feed-in tariff regulations (including the feed-in tariff rates). We are not currently subject to regulation as a utility in the foreign markets in which we provide our
solar energy services. However, our business strategy includes the development of larger solar energy systems in the future, which could change our regulatory position. Any local, state, federal or international regulations could place significant
restrictions on our ability to operate our business and execute our business plan by prohibiting or otherwise restricting the sale of electricity by us. If we were deemed to be subject to the same state, federal or foreign regulatory authorities as
utility companies, such as FERC, in the United States or if new regulatory bodies were established to oversee the solar energy industry in the United States or in our foreign markets, then our operating costs would materially increase. 

Our brand and reputation are key assets of our business and if our brand or reputation is damaged, our business and results of
operations could be materially adversely affected. 

We depend significantly on our reputation for high quality
semiconductor materials, solar wafers, solar energy systems and the brand name “SunEdison” to retain our current customers and attract new customers and joint venture partners in order to grow our business. If we fail to deliver our
products or solar energy systems within the planned timelines, our products and services do not perform as anticipated or if we materially damage any of our clients’ properties, or cancel projects, our brand name and reputation could be
significantly impaired, which could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We may fail to
realize the benefits of our announced closing and restructurings. 

In September 2009, we announced that we have
committed to the termination of all crystalline and wafering production at our St. Peters, Missouri and Sherman, Texas plants to transfer certain activities to other locations which are closer to a number of MEMC’s customers in the Asia Pacific
region. We may be unable to achieve the total annualized cost savings and productivity improvements we currently anticipate as part of the termination of employees and operations in these locations. The timing of these facility closings and related
cost savings may be delayed due to the demand requirements and customer commitments in the semiconductor industry. Failure to achieve those savings, or delays in realizing the cost savings, could have an adverse effect on our financial results.

Capital and Financial Market Risks 

We likely need to obtain additional financing to implement our current business plan. The failure to obtain such financing may restrict our ability to grow. 

Our current capital and revolving credit facilities are not sufficient to enable us to execute our current business plans, which include
significant growth. We may not have funds sufficient for additional investments in our business that we might want to undertake. We will require additional capital in the near term and we continue to look for opportunities to optimize our
capital structure. We plan to pursue sources of such capital through various financing transactions and arrangements, including debt financing, equity financing, joint venturing of projects, or other means. We may not be successful in locating
suitable financing transactions in the time period required or at all, or on terms we find attractive, and we may not obtain the capital we require by other means. If we do succeed in raising additional capital, the capital received may not be
sufficient to fund our operations going forward without obtaining further, additional capital financing. In addition, debt and possible mezzanine financing may involve a pledge of assets and may be senior to equity holders. 

Our ability to obtain needed financing may be impaired by conditions in the capital markets (both generally and in our industries in
particular). Some of the contractual arrangements governing our operations may require us to maintain minimum capital, and we may lose our contract rights if we do not have the required minimum capital. If the amount of capital we are able to raise
from financing activities is insufficient, we may be required to curtail our business plans. However, in the event we are unable to find additional financing opportunities, we believe we will be able to adjust our operating plans to execute our
business plans for at least the next twelve months. 

19 

Because we manufacture and sell a substantial portion of our products outside of the
United States, we are subject to the risks of doing business internationally, including periodic foreign economic downturns and political instability, which may adversely affect our sales and cost of doing business in those regions of the world.

Economic downturns have affected our operating results in the past, and could affect our operating results in the
future. Additionally, other factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations in the future, including: 

•

 the imposition of governmental controls or changes in government regulations, including tax regulations; 

•

 export license requirements; 

•

 restrictions on the export of technology; 

•

 expropriation; 

•

 compliance with U.S. and international laws involving international operations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and export control laws;

•

 difficulties in enforcing our intellectual property; 

•

 difficulties in achieving headcount reductions; 

•

 restrictions on transfers of funds and assets between jurisdictions; 

•

 geo-political instability; and 

•

 trade restrictions and changes in tariffs. 

We cannot predict whether these economic risks inherent in doing business in foreign countries will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations in the
future. 

We currently operate under tax holidays and/or favorable tax incentives and rates in certain foreign jurisdictions.
Such tax holidays and incentives often require us to meet certain minimum employment and investment criteria or thresholds in these jurisdictions. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to meet these criteria or thresholds, or realize
any net tax benefits from these tax holidays or incentives. If any of our tax holidays or incentives are terminated, our results of operations could be materially adversely effected. 

We are subject to periodic fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates which could cause operating results and reported
financial results to vary significantly from period to period. 

Sales outside of the United States, approximately 89%
of all our sales in 2010, expose us to currency exchange rate fluctuations. Our risk exposure from these sales is primarily related to the Euro, Japanese Yen and Korean Won. Because the majority of our sales are denominated in the U.S. Dollar,
if one or more competitors sells to our customers in a different currency than the U.S. Dollar, we are subject to the risk that the competitors’ products will be relatively less expensive than our products due to exchange rate effects. For
2010, approximately 88% of our sales were denominated in U.S. Dollars, compared to approximately 84% in 2009. 

We recognized
net currency losses totaling approximately $0.5 million in 2010, $0.8 million in 2009, and $3.0 million in 2008. We cannot predict whether the foreign currency exchange risks inherent in doing business in foreign countries will have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations in the future. 

If we fail to comply with
covenants under our credit facilities, the lenders could cause outstanding amounts to become immediately due and payable, and we might not have sufficient funds and assets to pay such loans. 

We are party to a $250 million revolving credit facility with Bank of America, N.A. and other lenders named therein. We also are a party
to a $50 million credit facility with Rabobank which provides specific funding for our solar energy projects. We may enter into additional facilities in the future to support our growth plan. These facilities contain certain restrictive covenants
and we expect future facilities will have similiar restrictive covenants, including cross-default provisions affecting other instruments of indebtedness. A continuing violation of any of these covenants, which in our industries could occur in a
sudden or sustained downturn, would be deemed an event of default under the facilities. In such event, upon election of the lenders, the loan commitments under the credit facilities would terminate and the loans and accrued interest then outstanding
would be due and payable immediately. We may not have sufficient funds and assets to cover any such required payments and may not be able to obtain replacement financing on a timely basis or at all. These events could have a material adverse effect
on our business depending on our outstanding balances at that time. As of December 31, 2010, we had no outstanding borrowings under our $250 million Corporate Credit Facility, although we had approximately $111.6 million of outstanding third
party letters of credit backed by this facility at such date. As of December 31, 2010, we had $12.6 million outstanding under the Rabobank revolving credit agreement with a maturity of less than six months. 

Risks Related to an Investment in Our Common Stock 

The market price of our common stock has fluctuated significantly, especially in recent years, and may continue to do so in the future. 

The market price of our common stock may be affected by various factors, including: 

•

 quarterly fluctuations in our operating results resulting from factors such as timing of orders from and shipments to major customers, product mix,
competitive pricing pressures and sales of solar energy systems; 

•

 our ability to convert our SunEdison pipeline and backlog into completed solar energy systems at historical rates; 

•

 market conditions experienced by our customers and in the semiconductor industry and solar industry; 

20 

•

 interruption of operations at our manufacturing facilities or the facilities of our suppliers; 

•

 announcements of operating results that are not aligned with the expectations of investors; 

•

 general worldwide macroeconomic conditions, including availability of project financing and related interest rates; 

•

 changes in our relationships with our customers; 

•

 seasonality of our SunEdison business; 

•

 announcements of technological innovations, new products or upgrades to existing products by us or our competitors; 

•

 developments in patent or other proprietary rights by us or by our competitors; and 

•

 general stock market trends. 

We are a participant in both the semiconductor industry and the solar industry, two industries that have often experienced extreme price and trading volume fluctuations that often have been unrelated to
the operating performance of an individual company. This market volatility may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

The accounting treatment for many aspects of our SunEdison business is complex and any changes to the accounting interpretations or accounting rules governing our SunEdison business could have a
material adverse affect on our GAAP reported results of operations and financial results. 

The accounting treatment
for many aspects of our SunEdison business is complex and our future results could be adversely affected by changes in the accounting treatment applicable to our SunEdison business. In particular, any changes to the accounting rules regarding the
following matters may require us to change the manner in which we operate and finance our SunEdison business: 

•

 the classification of our sale-leaseback transactions as operating, capital or real estate financing transactions; 

•

 revenue recognition and related timing; 

•

 intracompany contracts; 

•

 operation and maintenance contracts; 

•

 joint venture accounting, including the consolidation of joint venture entities and the inclusion or exclusion of their assets and liabilities on our
balance sheet; 

•

 long-term vendor agreements; and 

•

 foreign holding company tax treatment. 

Any future strategic acquisition we make could have a dilutive effect on our current stockholders’ investment. 

The acquisition of SunEdison included the initial issuance of approximately 3.8 million shares of our common stock and then a subsequent issuance of an additional approximately 2.1 million
shares to the former equity holders of SunEdison. The acquisition of Solaicx in July of 2010 includes contingent consideration, a portion of which may be paid with our common stock. This and future acquisitions involving issuances of equity
securities could have a dilutive effect on our current stockholders’ investment. If we make future acquisitions, we may issue shares of stock that dilute other stockholders, expend cash, incur debt, assume contingent liabilities or create
additional expenses related to amortizing other intangible assets with estimated useful lives, any of which might harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We are required to evaluate our internal controls over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and any
adverse results from such evaluation, or the failure to develop internal controls necessary for our newly acquired businesses to achieve compliance with Section 404, could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports and
could have an adverse effect on our stock price. 

Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we are
required to furnish a report by our management assessing the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year. This assessment must include disclosure of any material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting identified by management. The report must also contain a statement that our auditors have issued an attestation report on management’s assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Before our acquisition of SunEdison, it was not subject to the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. While we have
implemented the requirements of Section 404 at SunEdison, we could have additional costs and expenses which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. If our management identifies one or more material weaknesses in our
internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert our internal control over financial reporting is effective. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective presently or in the future
(or if our auditors are unable to express an opinion that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective), we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could have an adverse effect
on our stock price. 

21 

Certain provisions of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Restated By-Laws
could delay or make more difficult a change of control or change in management that would benefit our stockholders. 

Certain provisions of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Restated By-Laws may delay, defer or make more difficult: 

•

 a merger, tender offer or proxy contest; 

•

 the assumption of control by a holder of a large block of our securities; and 

•

 the replacement or removal of current management by our stockholders. 

For example, our Restated Certificate of Incorporation divides the Board of Directors into three classes, with members of each class to
be elected for staggered three-year terms. This provision may make it more difficult for stockholders to change the majority of directors and may frustrate accumulations of large blocks of common stock by limiting the voting power of such blocks.
This may further discourage a change of control or change in current management. In November 2010, we received a stockholder proposal to de-classify our board. If this proposal passes, it would become easier for a potential acquiror to replace our
entire Board of Directors in one year. 

These provisions may limit participation by our stockholders in any merger or other
change of control transaction, whether or not the transaction is favored by current management or would be favorable to our stockholders. These provisions may also make removal of current management by our stockholders more difficult, even if such
removal would be beneficial to the stockholders generally. 

The issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect
holders of common stock. 

Our board of directors is authorized to issue series of preferred stock without any action
on the part of our holders of common stock. Our board of directors also has the power, without stockholder approval, to set the terms of any such series of preferred stock that may be issued, including voting rights, dividend rights, preferences
over our common stock with respect to dividends or if we liquidate, dissolve or wind up our business and other terms. If we issue preferred stock in the future that has preference over our common stock with respect to the payment of dividends or
upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or if we issue preferred stock with voting rights that dilute the voting power of our common stock, the rights of holders of our common stock or the price of our common stock could be adversely
affected. 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

Statements set forth in this Form 10-K or statements incorporated by reference from documents we have filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not based on historical facts but instead reflect our expectations, estimates or projections concerning future results or events, including, without
limitation, statements regarding demand and/or pricing of our products in the future; our expectation that we will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the benefits of our net deferred tax assets; the causes for the decline in the fair
value of our securities and the expected timing to reach carrying value on certain of our investments; the appropriateness of our tax positions and the timing of our IRS tax audits; the timing of recognition of compensation cost related to stock
options and restricted stock units; the timing of our various manufacturing ramps; the anticipated growth of our business in 2011; the resolution of disputes with our long-term solar wafer customers; the nature and extent of tax rebate programs or
feed-in-tariffs in the future; the ultimate impact our legal proceedings may have on us; the charges we expect to incur, the savings we expect to realize, and the number of employees who will be affected by our announced restructurings; the
anticipated effect of certain accounting pronouncements on our results of operations and financial condition; the classification of our solar energy systems as direct sales, sale-leasebacks or held systems; the sources of funding for our SunEdison
business; and our statements regarding our working capital and other capital requirements for the next 12 months. 

These
statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking words or phrases such as “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “may,” “could,” “intend,” “belief,”
“estimate,” “plan,” “likely,” “will,” “should” or other similar words or phrases. These statements are not guarantees of performance and are inherently subject to known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict and could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in or indicated by those statements. We cannot assure you that any of our
expectations, estimates or projections will be achieved. The forward-looking statements included in this document are only made as of the date of this document and we disclaim any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement to
reflect subsequent events or circumstances. 

22 

Because such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ
materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on such statements, which speak only as of the date that they were made. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
are set forth under this “Item 1A. Risk Factors.” 

These cautionary statements should be considered in connection
with any written or oral forward-looking statements that we may issue in the future. We do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to such forward-looking statements to reflect later events or circumstances or to reflect the
occurrence of unanticipated events.