This Annual
Report on Form 10-K contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including those set forth under “Item 1. Business” and “Item 3. Legal Proceedings”
and those incorporated herein by reference from our 2008 Annual Report. In addition to the business risks and uncertainties discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K, the following are important risk factors which could cause actual results and events
to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement made by us. 

Our business depends on the semiconductor
device industry and if that industry experiences a downturn, our sales could decrease and we could be forced to reduce our prices while maintaining fixed costs, all of which could have significant negative effects on our operating results and
financial condition. 

Our business depends in large part upon the market demand for our customers’ semiconductor devices that
are utilized in electronics applications. The semiconductor device industry experiences: 

•

 rapid technological change; 

•

 product obsolescence; 

•

 changes in product mix; 

•

 price erosion; and 

•

 fluctuations in product supply and demand, some of which fluctuations can be severe. 

From time to time, the semiconductor device industry has experienced significant downturns. These downturns often occur in connection with declines in
general economic conditions. Some of these downturns have lasted for more than a year and have resulted in a substantial decrease in demand for our products. For much of the second half of 2007 and into the first three quarters of 2008, the
semiconductor device industry had pockets of soft or weakened demand. In the fourth quarter of 2008 demand for wafers for semiconductor applications dropped by 36% according to SEMI, and Gartner is forecasting a continued decline in 2009. If the
semiconductor device industry experiences future downturns, or if the current downturn lingers, we will face pressure to reduce prices and we may need to further rationalize capacity and reduce fixed costs. If we are unable to reduce our expenses
sufficiently to offset reductions in price and volume, our operating results and financial condition will be materially adversely affected. 

6 

Our business also depends on the solar industry, and if that industry experiences a downturn, our
sales could decrease and we could be forced to reduce our prices while maintaining certain fixed costs, all of which could have significant negative effects on our operating results and financial condition. 

The solar industry has experienced a high level of growth in recent years, but it has also experienced wide fluctuations in the operating results of
industry participants, some of which has been caused by the lack of readily available supply of certain raw materials, such as polysilicon or silane gas. In the past few years, a large number of companies have announced plans to produce polysilicon.
In addition, in part due to the lack of available polysilicon supply, a number of companies are supplying thin-film solar cells, which are intended to obviate the need for crystalline-based cells, which would use wafers supplied by us. Both new
available polysilicon supply and the increased use of thin-film cells by our customers or other solar cell and module companies could potentially lead to an excess supply of available material to service the demand of the industry. In the event of
such oversupply, which oversupply appears to have occurred in late 2008 and early 2009, we may need to reduce our prices on certain products to retain or gain market share. In the past we have agreed to price reductions with some of our customers,
including customers with whom we have long term supply agreements, and we may need to do so again in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

In the fourth quarter of 2008, solar industry demand appears to have dropped by as much as 10% on a unit basis, and this softening in demand may continue
for the first half or all of 2009. It is unclear whether 2009 total solar industry demand will equal or exceed 2008 demand. Today’s solar industry demand appears to be mainly driven by the availability and size of government and economic
incentives related to the use of solar power, because today the cost of solar power exceeds the cost of power furnished by the electric utility grid in many locations. As a result, government bodies in many countries, most notably Germany and Japan,
have historically provided incentives in the form of rebates, tax credits and other incentives to end users, distributors, system integrators and manufacturers of solar power products to promote the use of solar energy in on-grid applications and to
reduce dependency on other forms of energy. These government economic incentives could be reduced or eliminated altogether, especially in light of the worldwide economic crisis that is putting a strain on governments’ abilities to fund such
incentives. In addition, some of these solar program incentives expire, decline over time, are limited in total funding or require renewal of authority. Reductions in, or eliminations or expirations of, governmental incentives could result in
decreased demand for our wafers and our customers’ products. In addition to the effects of government subsidies and incentives on solar demand and supply, the demand for solar electricity generation products is also influenced by macroeconomic
factors such as the worldwide credit crisis, the devaluation of the Euro, the supply and price of other energy products, such as oil, coal and natural gas, as well as foreign, federal, state and local government regulations and policies concerning
the electric utility industry. 

Our dependence on single and limited source suppliers could harm our production output and adversely
affect our manufacturing throughput and yield, which could also have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

We obtain
several raw materials, equipment, parts and supplies from sole suppliers. Likewise, we obtain all of our requirements for granular polysilicon from our facility in Pasadena, Texas, and this dependence could have a material adverse effect on our
operating results. In the case of granular polysilicon, although we believe that we could substitute chunk polysilicon for granular polysilicon, we cannot predict whether this substitution would be successful or how long the related customer
qualification process would take. In addition, with any change to increased use of chunk polysilicon as a substitute for granular polysilicon, our manufacturing process would be interrupted and our manufacturing throughput and yields could be
adversely affected. A failure to obtain a new qualification or a decrease in our manufacturing throughput or yields could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

From time to time we have experienced limited supplies of certain raw materials, equipment, parts and supplies, particularly polysilicon. We may
experience shortages of our key raw materials, equipment, parts and supplies in the future. A prolonged inability to manufacture or obtain raw materials, equipment, parts or supplies, or increases in prices resulting from shortages of these critical
materials could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

In addition, we have long term annual take-or-pay contracts with
certain suppliers of precursor raw materials, which could require us to make significant payments if we do not take the required annual amounts. For 2008, we made a payment to one such supplier of $16.3 million because we did not take the required
amount of raw material in 2008 (although we are in negotiations with the supplier to recover a portion of the amount paid). These payments, if required in future years, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

7 

Our expansion of manufacturing volume and capacity presents business risks which could materially
adversely affect our results of operations if we fail to manage these expansions successfully. 

We have invested significantly, and
are continuing to invest, in expanding our raw material (polysilicon) production capacity and our 300 millimeter production capacity. We have also announced our intention to develop significant 156 millimeter production capacity in the future.
Expansion of our polysilicon production capacity is subject to risks such as availability of capital equipment; delays in construction and related technical difficulties in ramping such new capacity to significant production levels; and availability
of additional precursor raw materials. 

Because our plan to manufacture 156 millimeter wafers involves a new size wafer for MEMC, it is
also subject to additional risks, including refining and adapting our manufacturing technologies to customer requirements; creating and developing demand for and market acceptance of our technologies and products; identifying and managing qualified
subcontractors to manufacture 156 millimeter wafers; and establishing and maintaining sufficient internal research and development, marketing, sales, production and customer service infrastructure to support this effort. 

In July 2005, we embarked upon a significant expansion of our 300 millimeter production capacity by establishing such production capacity at our Taisil
facility in Taiwan, in addition to continuing our improvements to our Japan 300 millimeter operation. Although we may determine to slow down this expansion, given the current state of semiconductor industry demand, the expansion of this capacity
still involves significant risks, including availability and timing of capital equipment installation; distraction of worldwide and local management; costs and spending in excess of budgeted amounts; timing of production ramp; and qualification of a
new facility at new and existing customers. 

In order to succeed in these planned expansions and increased quantities of wafer deliveries,
we will need to devote capital expenditures as well as the investment of management time and related resources to successfully execute these planned expansions. This could disrupt our existing business, affect our operating results and distract our
management team. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully reach our production, timing and cost goals for our planned expansions as customer specifications and demand evolve. Use of capital and management resources that
otherwise would have been made available to expand other parts of our business could have material adverse consequences on our results of operations if we fail to manage these expansions successfully. 

We experience competition in the wafer industry which could force us to reduce our prices to retain market share or face losing market share and
revenues. 

We face competition in the wafer industry from established manufacturers throughout the world. The largest wafer
suppliers with whom we compete are Shin-Etsu Handotai, SUMCO, Siltronic, LDK Solar, Kyocera Corp., REC Group, Renasola, Sanyo Corporation, Sharp Corporation and SolarWorld AG. In addition to these larger or more established companies, there are a
number of companies developing wafer manufacturing capability targeted for solar applications. In 2006 through 2008, over 100 companies entered the solar wafer manufacturing space (or announced plans to do so). It is unclear what impact the
worldwide economic downturn in late 2008 and early 2009 will have on these solar wafer manufacturing companies. 

We compete on the basis of
product quality, consistency, price, technical innovation, customer service and product availability. We expect that our competitors will continue to improve the design and performance of their products and to introduce new products with competitive
price and performance characteristics. Some of our competitors have substantial financial, technical, engineering and manufacturing resources to develop products that currently, and may in the future, compete favorably against our products. We may
need to reduce our prices to respond to aggressive pricing by our competitors to retain or gain market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

Because we cannot easily transfer production of specific products from one of our manufacturing facilities to another, manufacturing delays or lack
of capacity or output at a single facility could result in a loss of product volume. 

It typically takes three to nine months or
more for our customers to qualify a manufacturing facility to produce a specific product, but it can take longer depending upon a customer’s requirements and market conditions. Interruption of operations or lack of available additional capacity
at any of our primary wafer manufacturing facilities could result in delays or cancellations of shipments of wafers and a loss of product volume. Likewise, interruption of operations at our polysilicon manufacturing facilities in Merano, Italy and
Pasadena, Texas could adversely affect our wafer manufacturing throughput and yields and could result in our inability to produce certain qualified wafer products, delays or cancellations of shipments of wafers and a loss of product volume. A number
of factors could cause interruptions, including extreme weather conditions, such as hurricanes, which are not uncommon in the Pasadena, Texas area, equipment failures, shortages of raw materials or supplies, transportation logistic complications or
labor disputes. We have had interruptions of our manufacturing operations for some of these reasons in the past, and could have such interruptions again in the future. Unions represent some of the 

8 

employees at our wafer facilities in St. Peters, Missouri, Italy and South Korea and our granular polysilicon facility in Pasadena, Texas. A strike at any of
these facilities could cause interruptions in manufacturing. We cannot be certain that alternate qualified capacity would be available on a timely basis or at all. 

If we do not continue to reduce our manufacturing costs and operating expenses, we may not be able to compete effectively in the wafer industry. 

The success of our business depends, in part, on our continuous reduction of manufacturing costs and leveraging of operating expenses. The wafer industry
has historically experienced price erosion, especially in the last quarter of 2008, and will likely continue to experience such price erosion in the future in 2009, and likely beyond. In addition, our long-term agreements to supply solar wafers have
fixed price reduction curves (on a per watt basis). If we are not able to reduce our manufacturing costs and leverage our operating expenses sufficiently to offset future price erosion, our operating results will be adversely affected. During the
past few years, we have engaged in various cost-cutting and other initiatives intended to reduce costs and increase productivity. These activities have included reduction of headcount, refinement of our processes, and efforts to increase yields and
reduce cycle time. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to reduce our manufacturing costs and leverage our operating expenses. Moreover, any future reduction of headcount or closure of one or more of our manufacturing facilities may
adversely affect our ability to manufacture wafers in required volumes to meet customer demand and may result in other production disruptions, and could require us to take an excess capacity or impairment charge, which could have an adverse effect
on our operating results. 

Current credit and financial market conditions could prevent or delay our current or future customers from
obtaining financing necessary to purchase our products or finance their own operations or capacity expansions, which could adversely affect our business, our operating results and financial condition. 

Due to the recent severe tightening of credit and concerns regarding the availability of credit around the world, our semiconductor and solar customers
may delay or attempt to delay their payments to us in connection with product purchases, or may be delayed in obtaining, or may not be able to obtain, necessary financing for their purchases of our products or their own operations or expansion
plans. In addition, the current credit and financial market conditions may adversely affect the ability of our customers that have executed long-term supply agreements to purchase wafers for solar applications from us to make additional required
security deposits with us or deliver required letters of credit to us pursuant to these long-term supply agreements or to fund their own expansion plans. Delays of this nature could materially adversely affect our solar product sales, and therefore
harm our business, our operating results and financial condition. 

The investment of our substantial cash balances and our
investments in money market funds, auction rate securities, fixed income funds, individual corporate bonds, asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities and pension plan assets are subject to risks associated with the current worldwide credit and
financial market conditions which may cause losses and adversely affect the liquidity or value of these investments. 

As of
December 31, 2008, we held $159.5 million of investments, net of temporary impairments of $14.5 million and other than temporary impairments of $14.5 million, in an investment portfolio with a major banking institution. These are invested
primarily in individual corporate bonds and asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities. A majority of these investments maintain a floating interest rate based on a range of spreads to the one and three month LIBOR rate. Other than the securities
for which we recorded an other than temporary impairment, we believe the decline in fair value to be directly attributable to the current global credit conditions which we believe are temporary. For certain securities, however, we believe the time
to reach the original carrying value to be greater than 12 months and accordingly we have classified $55 million as non-current assets. Also as of December 31, 2008, we held $44.1 million of investments related to auction rate securities (ARS),
net of temporary impairments of $7.3 million. As of December 31, 2008, all of our ARS were classified as non-current assets due to unsuccessful auctions coupled with current conditions in the general debt markets which have created uncertainty
as to when successful auctions will be reestablished. While we do not anticipate having to sell these securities below our amortized cost in order to operate our business, there may be further declines in the value of these investments, which we may
determine to be other than temporary. These market risks associated with our investment portfolio may have an adverse effect on our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. 

Because we manufacture and sell a substantial portion of our products outside of the United States, we are subject to the risks of doing business
internationally, including periodic foreign economic downturns and political instability, which may adversely affect our sales and cost of doing business in those regions of the world. 

Economic downturns have affected our operating results in the past, and could affect our operating results in the future. Additionally, other factors may
have a material adverse effect on our operations in the future, including: 

•

 the imposition of governmental controls or changes in government regulations, including tax regulations; 

9 

•

 export license requirements; 

•

 restrictions on the export of technology; 

•

 geo-political instability; and 

•

 trade restrictions and changes in tariffs. 

We cannot predict whether these economic risks inherent in doing business in foreign countries will have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results in the future. 

We currently operate under tax holidays and/or favorable tax incentives and rates in certain foreign jurisdictions. Such tax holidays and incentives
often require us to meet certain minimum employment and investment criteria or thresholds in these jurisdictions. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to meet these criteria or thresholds, or realize any net tax benefits from these
tax holidays or incentives. If any of our tax holidays or incentives are terminated, our results of operations could be materially adversely effected. 

We are subject to periodic fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates which could cause operating results and reported financial results to vary significantly from period to period. 

Approximately 76% of our sales in 2008 were made outside the United States, and we expect that international sales will continue to represent a
significant percentage of our total sales. Sales outside of the United States could expose us to currency exchange rate fluctuations. Our risk exposure from these sales is primarily related to the Euro, Japanese Yen and Korean Won. Because the
majority of our sales are denominated in the U.S. Dollar, if one or more competitors is selling to our customers in a different currency than the U.S. Dollar, we are subject to the risk that the competitors’ products will be
relatively less expensive than our products due to exchange rate effects. For 2008, approximately 83% of our sales were denominated in U.S. Dollars, compared to approximately 81% in both 2007 and 2006. 

In addition, a significant portion of our manufacturing operations is located outside of the United States. Our risk exposure from expenses at
international manufacturing facilities is concentrated in the Euro, Japanese Yen, Korean Won, Malaysian Ringgit and the New Taiwanese Dollar. When possible, we denominate our sales in the same currency in which we incurred manufacturing expenses. To
the extent that our sales in foreign currencies occur at foreign sites which incur expenses in those same currencies, this natural hedge reduces our net exposure to foreign currency risk. We generally hedge receivables denominated in foreign
currencies at the time of sale. One of our foreign subsidiaries has debt denominated in Japanese Yen. We generally do not hedge these net foreign currency exposures. 

We recognized net currency losses totaling approximately $3.0 million in 2008, $1.7 million in 2007, and $1.0 million in 2006. We cannot predict whether the foreign currency exchange risks inherent in doing business
in foreign countries will have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results in the future. 

If we fail to meet
changing customer demands, we may lose customers and our sales could suffer. 

The wafer industry changes rapidly. Changes in our
customers’ requirements result in new and more demanding technologies, product specifications and sizes, and manufacturing processes. Our ability to remain competitive will depend upon our ability to develop technologically advanced products
and processes. We must continue to meet the increasingly demanding requirements of our customers on a cost-effective basis. As a result, we expect to continue to make significant investments in research and development and equipment. We cannot be
certain that we will be able to successfully introduce, market and cost-effectively manufacture any new products, or that we will be able to develop new or enhanced products and processes that satisfy customer needs or achieve market acceptance.

We may acquire other businesses, products or technologies; if we do, we may be unable to integrate them with our business
effectively or at all, which may impair our financial performance. 

If we find appropriate opportunities, we may acquire
businesses, products or technologies that we believe are strategic. If we acquire a business, product or technology, the process of integration may produce unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and may absorb significant attention of
our management that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development of our business. If we make future acquisitions, we may issue shares of stock that dilute other stockholders, expend cash, incur debt, assume contingent liabilities or
create additional expenses related to amortizing other intangible assets with estimated useful lives, any of which might harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

10 

Our business may be harmed if we fail to properly protect our intellectual property.

We believe that the success of our business depends in part on our proprietary technology, information, processes and know how. We
try to protect our intellectual property rights based on trade secrets and patents as part of our ongoing research, development and manufacturing activities. We cannot be certain, however, that we have adequately protected or will be able to
adequately protect our technology, that our competitors will not be able to utilize our existing technology or develop similar technology independently, that the claims allowed with respect to any patents held by us will be broad enough to protect
our technology or that foreign intellectual property laws will adequately protect our intellectual property rights. Moreover, we cannot be certain that our patents do or will provide us with a competitive advantage. 

The protection of our intellectual property rights and the defense of claims of infringement against us by third parties may subject us to costly
patent litigation. 

Any litigation in the future to enforce patents issued to us, to protect trade secrets or know how possessed by
us or to defend us or to indemnify others against claimed infringement of the rights of others could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. From time to time, we receive notices from other companies that
allege we may be infringing certain of their patents or other rights. If we are unable to resolve these matters satisfactorily, or to obtain licenses on acceptable terms, we may face litigation, which could have a material adverse effect on us. We
are presently involved in multiple cases involving allegations of patent infringement. Regardless of the validity or successful outcome of any such intellectual property claims, we may need to expend significant time and expense to protect our
intellectual property rights or to defend against claims of infringement by third parties, which could have a material adverse effect on us. If we lose any such litigation where we are alleged to infringe the rights of others, we may be required to:

•

 pay substantial damages; 

•

 seek licenses from others; or 

•

 change, or stop manufacturing or selling, some of our products. 

Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

We have a limited number of principal customers and a loss of one or several of those customers would hurt our business. 

Three customers each accounted for 10% or more of our revenue in 2008, and in the aggregate, these three customers accounted for 38% of our 2008 revenue, compared to 25% of our revenue in 2007 from these same three
customers. Our operating results could materially suffer if we experience a significant reduction in, or loss of, purchases by one or more of these companies or by our other top customers. 

The loss of one or more of our customers with whom we have long-term agreements could materially adversely affect our results of operations. We have
previously announced the execution of long-term supply agreements with four customers between July 2006 and July 2008. In February 2009, we announced amendments to the long-term supply agreements with two of these customers, which amendments only
addressed calendar 2009, and maintained MEMC’s potential 2009 aggregate revenue from each agreement, by effecting a 2009 volume increase and a 2009 price reduction. While we are having similar discussions with the two other customers with whom
we have long-term supply agreements, as of late February 2009 we had not reached an agreement with these customers on revised calendar 2009 price and volumes. In addition, one of these customers had not made a scheduled refundable capacity
reservation deposit that was due under their agreement in early January 2009. As a result, we cannot be certain that one or both of these customers will be able to purchase their required volumes of wafers under their long-term supply agreement with
us. 

Although the long-term supply agreements with all four of these customers are “take or pay contracts”, there can be no
assurance that the customers will be able to fulfill their financial commitments to us in the agreements to pay the associated amounts if they do not fulfill their purchase obligations under the agreements. If we had to stop shipping to a customer
who failed to meet its obligations under the long-term supply agreement, we could have excess or idle production capacity. The loss of any of these customers could materially adversely affect our operating results. 

The market price of our common stock has fluctuated significantly, especially in recent years, and may continue to do so in the future. 

The market price of our common stock may be affected by various factors, including: 

•

 quarterly fluctuations in our operating results resulting from factors such as timing of orders from and shipments to major customers, product mix and competitive
pricing pressures; 

11 

•

 market conditions experienced by our customers and in the semiconductor industry, solar industry and wafer industry; 

•

 interruption of operations at our manufacturing facilities or the facilities of our suppliers; 

•

 announcements of operating results that are not aligned with the expectations of investors; 

•

 general worldwide macroeconomic conditions; 

•

 developments in patent or other proprietary rights by us or by our competitors; 

•

 changes in our relationships with our customers; 

•

 announcements of technological innovations, new products or upgrades to existing products by us or our competitors; and 

•

 general stock market trends. 

As a
participant in both the semiconductor industry and the solar industry, two industries that have often experienced extreme price and trading volume fluctuations that often have been unrelated to the operating performance of an individual company,
this market volatility may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

If we fail to comply with covenants under our
credit facility, the lenders could cause outstanding amounts to become immediately due and payable, and we might not have sufficient funds and assets to pay such loans. 

We are party to a $200 million revolving credit facility with National City Bank of the Midwest (now a part of PNC Bank), US Bank and other lenders named
therein. This facility contains certain restrictive covenants, including covenants to maintain minimum consolidated EBITDA and interest coverage ratios, as those terms are defined in the agreement. A continuing violation of any of these covenants,
which in our industry could occur in a sudden or sustained downturn, would be deemed an event of default under the facility. In such event, upon election of the lenders, the loan commitments under the credit facility would terminate and the loans
and accrued interest then outstanding would be due and payable immediately. We may not have sufficient funds and assets to cover any such required payments and may not be able to obtain replacement financing on a timely basis or at all. These events
could have a material adverse effect on us depending on our outstanding balances at that time. As of December 31, 2008, we had no outstanding borrowings under this facility, although we had approximately $114.2 million of outstanding third
party letters of credit backed by this facility at such date. We met all covenants under this facility at December 31, 2008. 

We
are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations, which could require us to discharge environmental liabilities, increase our manufacturing and related compliance costs or otherwise adversely affect our business. 

We are subject to a variety of foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the protection of the environment. These environmental
laws and regulations include those relating to the use, storage, handling, discharge, emission, disposal and reporting of toxic, volatile or otherwise hazardous materials used in our manufacturing processes. These materials may have been or could be
released into the environment at properties currently or previously owned or operated by us, at other locations during the transport of the materials, or at properties to which we send substances for treatment or disposal. If we were to violate or
become liable under environmental laws and regulations or become non-compliant with permits required at some of our facilities, we could be held financially responsible and incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, fines and civil or
criminal sanctions, third-party property damage or personal injury claims. Groundwater and/or soil contamination has been detected at four of our facilities. We believe we are taking all necessary remedial steps at these facilities. In addition, if
we should decide to close a facility in the future, we could be subject to additional costs related to cleanup and/or remediation of the facility in connection with closing the facility. We do not expect these known conditions to have a material
impact on our business. Environmental issues relating to presently known or unknown matters, however, could require additional investigation, assessment or expenditures. In addition, new laws and regulations or stricter enforcement of existing laws
and regulations could give rise to additional compliance costs and liabilities. 

We are required to evaluate our internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and any adverse results from such evaluation could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports and could have an adverse effect on our stock price.

Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we are required to furnish a report by our management on our internal
control over financial reporting. Such report must contain, among other matters, an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year, including a statement as to whether our internal
control over financial reporting is effective. This assessment must include disclosure of any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting identified by management. The report must also contain a statement that our auditors
have issued an attestation report on management’s assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting. 

12 

If our management identifies one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting, we will be unable to assert our internal control over financial reporting is effective. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective presently or in the future (or if our auditors are unable
to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting), we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could have an adverse effect on our stock price.

Certain provisions of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Restated By-Laws could delay or make more difficult a change of
control or change in management that would benefit our stockholders. 

Certain provisions of our Restated Certificate of
Incorporation and Restated By-Laws may delay, defer or make more difficult: 

•

 a merger, tender offer or proxy contest; 

•

 the assumption of control by a holder of a large block of our securities; and 

•

 the replacement or removal of current management by our stockholders. 

For example, our Restated Certificate of Incorporation divides the Board of Directors into three classes, with members of each class to be elected for
staggered three-year terms. This provision may make it more difficult for stockholders to change the majority of directors and may frustrate accumulations of large blocks of common stock by limiting the voting power of such blocks. This may further
discourage a change of control or change in current management. 

These provisions may limit participation by our stockholders in any merger
or other change of control transaction, whether or not the transaction is favored by current management or would be favorable to our stockholders. These provisions may also make removal of current management by our stockholders more difficult, even
if such removal would be beneficial to the stockholders generally. 

In addition, our Board of Directors is authorized to issue up to
50,000,000 shares of preferred stock without the vote of our holders of common stock. The issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock and could have the effect of delaying,
deferring or impeding a change in control of us. 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

The following statements are or may constitute forward-looking statements: 

•

 Statements set forth in this Form 10-K or statements incorporated by reference from documents we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission regarding
possible or assumed future results of our operations, including but not limited to any statements contained herein or therein concerning: 

•

 Our belief that our ability to meet all of our polysilicon requirements through our in-house capabilities provides us with a key cost advantage to compete more
effectively in the wafer industry; 

•

 Our belief that device manufacturers recognize the critical role that wafers and other materials play in improving device performance and reducing their production
costs; 

•

 Our belief that the semiconductor wafer industry has consolidated over the past decade, and that this change in the competitive landscape is causing segmentation
between larger and smaller producers, with larger manufacturers gaining an increasing share of the overall semiconductor wafer market; 

•

 Our belief that semiconductor device manufacturers will continue to select wafer suppliers that offer advanced technological capabilities, a broad product portfolio
and superior service to satisfy exacting device requirements; 

•

 Our belief that the OPTIA™ wafer is the most technologically advanced polished wafer available today; 

•

 Our belief that we could adapt some of our existing wafer manufacturing assets to produce wafers or ingots for solar applications should market conditions or our
customers require it; 

•

 Our belief that our wafers are competitive with wafers manufactured by others on the basis of product quality, consistency, price, technical innovation, customer
service and product availability; 

•

 Our belief that our relations with our employees are generally good; 

•

 Our belief that could substitute chunk polysilicon for granular polysilicon; 

•

 Our belief that we will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the benefits of our net deferred tax assets; 

•

 Our belief that our capital expenditures for 2009 will be less than our capital expenditures for 2008; 

•

 Our anticipation that we will not have to sell our auction rate securities below our cost in order to operate our business; 

13 

•

 Our belief that, other than the securities for which we have recorded an other than temporary impairment, the decline in fair value of our securities is directly
attributable to the current global credit conditions; 

•

 Our belief that, based on our current cash, cash equivalents and investment balances and expected operating cash flows, the current liquidity concerns in the credit
and capital markets will not have a material impact on our liquidity, cash flow, financial flexibility or our ability to fund our operations; 

•

 Our belief that we have the financial resources needed to meet business requirements for at least the next 12 months, including capital expenditures and working
capital requirements; 

•

 Our belief that SFAS 157 will not have a material impact upon adoption on our consolidated financial statements related to non-financial assets and
liabilities; 

•

 Our belief that SFAS 141R will not have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial condition; 

•

 Our belief that SFAS 160 will not have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial condition; 

•

 Our belief that SFAS 161 will not have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial condition; 

•

 Our belief that FSP FAS 132(R)-1 will not have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial condition; 

•

 Our belief that our tax positions are fully supported and that our income tax liabilities, including related interest, are adequate in relation to the potential for
additional tax assessments; 

•

 Our expectation that contributions to our pension and post-employment plans in 2009 will be approximately $1.1 million and $2.2 million, respectively;

•

 Our belief that we are taking all necessary environmental remediation steps at our facilities, and our expectation that these known conditions will not have a
material impact on our business; 

•

 Our belief that our existing facilities and equipment are well maintained, in good operating condition and are adequate to meet our current requirements;

•

 The impact of pending litigation on us, including the cases described in Item 3 hereof; 

•

 Our belief that there will be some insurance coverage available under MEMC’s insurance policies for the class actions and derivative claims described in
Item 3 hereof; 

•

 Our belief that, as of December 31, 2008, our internal control over financial reporting was effective; 

•

 Other statements contained or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K regarding matters that are not historical facts; and 

•

 Any statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words “believes,” “expects,” “predicts,” “anticipates,”
“intends,” “estimates,” “should,” “may” or similar expressions. 

Because such
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on such statements, which speak only as of the date that
they were made. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are set forth under this “Item 1A. Risk Factors.” 

These cautionary statements should be considered in connection with any written or oral forward-looking statements that we may issue in the future. We do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to such forward-looking
statements to reflect later events or circumstances or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.