This Annual Report on
Form 10-K contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including those set forth under “Item 1. Business” and “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” and those
incorporated herein by reference from our 2006 Annual Report. In addition to the business risks and uncertainties discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K, the following are important risk factors which could cause actual results and events to differ
materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement made by us. 

Our business depends on the semiconductor device
industry and if that industry experiences future downturns, our sales could decrease and we could be forced to reduce our prices while maintaining fixed costs, all of which could have significant negative effects on our operating results and
financial condition.

Our business depends in large part upon the market demand for our customers’ semiconductors and
products utilizing semiconductors. The semiconductor device industry experiences: 

•

 rapid technological change; 

•

 product obsolescence; 

•

 changes in product mix; 

•

 price erosion; and 

•

 fluctuations in product supply and demand. 

From time to time, the semiconductor device industry has experienced significant downturns. These downturns often occur in connection with declines in general economic conditions. Some of these downturns have lasted for more than a year and
have resulted in a substantial decrease in demand for our products. For example, in 2001, the semiconductor industry experienced a significant downturn as a result of weakened demand and a broad-based inventory correction. The 2001 downturn
continued into early 2003. In the second half of 2004, much of the semiconductor industry experienced a downturn related to product oversupply and a resulting inventory correction. These industry conditions continued into 2005, before improving in
the second half of 2005. If the semiconductor device industry experiences future downturns, which is likely given past history, we will face pressure to reduce prices and we may need to further rationalize capacity and reduce fixed costs. If we are
unable to reduce our expenses sufficiently to offset reductions in price and volume, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

Our dependence on single and limited source suppliers could harm our production output and adversely affect our manufacturing throughput and yield.

We obtain several raw materials, equipment, parts and supplies from sole suppliers. Likewise, we obtain all of our requirements for granular polysilicon
from our facility in Pasadena, Texas. In the case of granular polysilicon, we believe that we could substitute chunk polysilicon for granular polysilicon. We cannot predict whether this substitution would be successful or how long this process would
take. In addition, our manufacturing process could be interrupted and our manufacturing throughput and yields could be adversely affected. A failure to obtain a new qualification or a decrease in our manufacturing throughput or yields could have a
material adverse effect on our operating results. 

From time to time we have experienced limited supplies of certain raw materials,
equipment, parts and supplies, particularly polysilicon. Because of the cyclical nature of our industry, we may experience shortages of our key raw materials, equipment, parts and supplies in the future. A prolonged inability to obtain raw
materials, equipment, parts or supplies, or increases in prices resulting from these shortages, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

5 

The success of our currently planned expansion of polysilicon capacity and ramp of solar wafer
production and sales presents business risks which could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

We are investing
significantly in expanding our raw material (polysilicon) production capacity. We have also announced our long term agreements to sell solar wafers, which sales commenced in January 2007. In order to succeed in our planned expansion and solar wafer
deliveries, we will need to devote capital expenditures as well as the investment of management time and related resources to successfully introduce this additional wafer type. This could disrupt our existing business, affect our operating results
and distract our management team. Expansion of our production capacity is subject to risks such as availability of capital equipment; delays in construction of new production capacity; and availability of additional precursor raw materials. Our plan
to sell solar wafers is subject to similar risks and, because it involves sales to new customers, it is also subject to additional risks, including refining and adapting our manufacturing technologies to customer requirements; creating and
developing demand for and market acceptance of our technologies; marketing, promoting and distributing these wafers; competing with other, better established, solar wafer manufacturers; and establishing and maintaining sufficient internal research
and development, marketing, sales, production and customer service infrastructures to support these efforts. Use of resources that otherwise would have been made available to our existing wafer operations or customers could have material adverse
consequences on our results of operations if we fail to successfully make and sell solar wafers. Moreover, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully produce and supply the committed and anticipated quantities of solar wafers.

Our expansion of our 300 millimeter production capacity in Taiwan presents business risks which could materially adversely affect
our results of operations if we fail to manage this expansion successfully. 

In July 2005, we embarked upon a significant expansion
of our 300 millimeter production capacity by establishing such production capacity at our Taisil facility in Taiwan, in addition to continuing our improvements to our Japan 300 millimeter operation. The establishment of this capacity at a new
facility involves significant risks, including availability and timing of capital equipment installation, distraction of worldwide and local management; costs and spending in excess of budgeted amounts; timing of production ramp; and qualification
of a new facility at new and existing customers. We believe that establishment of 300 millimeter capacity in Taiwan is important for strategic reasons, including market share and profitability. There can be no assurance that we will be able to
successfully reach our production, timing and cost goals for our Taiwan expansion or maintain them for our Japan facility as customer specifications evolve. Use of capital and management resources that otherwise would have been made available to
expand other parts of our business could have material adverse consequences on our results of operations if we fail to manage this expansion successfully or do not improve our Japan 300 millimeter operations to keep pace with market requirements.

We experience competition in the wafer industry which could force us to reduce our prices to retain market share or face losing
market share and revenues. 

We face competition in the wafer industry from established manufacturers throughout the world. We
estimate there are six major competitors in the semiconductor wafer industry; however, the largest suppliers of semiconductor wafers with whom we compete are Shin-Etsu Handotai, SUMCO and Siltronic. For solar wafers, we compete with a large number
of companies, including BP Solar International, Evergreen Solar, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation, Q-Cells AG, Sanyo Corporation, Sharp Corporation, SolarWorld AG and SunPower Corporation. We compete on the basis of product quality, consistency,
price, technical innovation, customer service and product availability. We expect that our competitors will continue to improve the design and performance of their products and to introduce new products with competitive price and performance
characteristics. Some of our competitors have substantial financial, technical, engineering and manufacturing resources to develop products that currently, and may in the future, compete favorably against our products. We may need to reduce our
prices to retain or gain market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

If we fail to meet
changing customer demands, we may lose customers and our sales could suffer. 

The wafer industry changes rapidly. Changes in our
customers’ requirements, especially in the semiconductor wafer industry, result in new and more demanding technologies, product specifications and diameters, and manufacturing processes. Our ability to remain competitive will depend upon our
ability to develop technologically advanced products and processes. We must continue to meet the increasingly demanding requirements of our customers on a cost-effective basis. As a result, we expect to continue to make significant investments in
research and development and equipment. We cannot be certain that we will be able to successfully introduce, market and cost-effectively manufacture any new products, or that we will be able to develop new or enhanced products and processes that
satisfy customer needs or achieve market acceptance. 

Because we cannot easily transfer production of specific products from one of
our manufacturing facilities to another, manufacturing delays or lack of capacity at a single facility could result in a loss of product volume. 

It typically takes three to six months for our customers to qualify a manufacturing facility to produce a specific product, but it can take longer depending upon a customer’s requirements and market conditions.
Interruption of operations or lack of 

6 

available additional capacity at any of our primary wafer manufacturing facilities could result in delays or cancellations of shipments of wafers and a loss
of product volume. Likewise, interruption of operations at our granular polysilicon manufacturing facility could adversely affect our wafer manufacturing throughput and yields and could result in our inability to produce certain qualified wafer
products, delays or cancellations of shipments of wafers and a loss of product volume. A number of factors could cause interruptions, including labor disputes, equipment failures, or shortages of raw materials or supplies. Unions represent some of
the employees at our wafer facilities in St. Peters, Missouri, Italy and South Korea and our granular polysilicon facility in Pasadena, Texas. A strike at any of these facilities could cause interruptions in manufacturing. We cannot be certain that
alternate qualified capacity would be available on a timely basis or at all. 

If we do not continue to reduce our manufacturing costs
and operating expenses, we may not be able to compete effectively in the wafer industry. 

The success of our business depends, in
part, on our continuous reduction of manufacturing costs and operating expenses. The wafer industry has historically experienced price erosion and will likely continue to experience such price erosion. In addition, our long term agreements to supply
solar wafers have fixed price reduction curves. If we are not able to reduce our manufacturing costs and operating expenses sufficiently to offset future price erosion, our operating results will be adversely affected. During the past few years, we
have engaged in various cost-cutting and other initiatives intended to reduce costs and increase productivity. These activities have included reduction of headcount, refinement of our processes and efforts to increase yields and reduce cycle time.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to reduce our manufacturing costs and operating expenses. Moreover, any future closure of facilities or reduction of headcount may adversely affect our ability to manufacture wafers in required
volumes to meet customer demand and may result in other production disruptions. 

We are subject to periodic fluctuations in foreign
currency exchange rates which can cause reported financial results to vary significantly from period to period. 

Approximately 66%
of our sales in 2006 were made outside North America. We expect that international sales will continue to represent a significant percentage of our total sales. In addition, a significant portion of our manufacturing operations is located outside of
the United States. Sales outside of the United States expose us to currency exchange rate fluctuations. Our risk exposure from these sales is primarily related to the Euro, Japanese Yen and Korean Won. Our risk exposure from expenses at
international manufacturing facilities is concentrated in the Euro, Japanese Yen, Korean Won, Malaysian Ringgit and the New Taiwanese Dollar. To the extent that our sales in foreign currencies occur at foreign sites which incur expenses in those
currencies, our net exposure is reduced. We generally hedge receivables denominated in foreign currencies at the time of sale. 

One of our
foreign subsidiaries has debt denominated in Japanese Yen. We generally do not hedge these net foreign currency exposures. We recognized net currency losses totaling approximately $1.0 million in 2006, $0.5 million in 2005 and $2.0 million in 2004.
We cannot predict whether these foreign currency exchange risks inherent in doing business in foreign countries will have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results in the future. 

We may acquire other businesses, products or technologies; if we do, we may be unable to integrate them with our business effectively or at all,
which may impair our financial performance. 

If we find appropriate opportunities, we may acquire businesses, products or
technologies that we believe are strategic. If we acquire a business, product or technology, the process of integration may produce unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and may absorb significant attention of our management that would
otherwise be available for the ongoing development of our business. If we make future acquisitions, we may issue shares of stock that dilute other stockholders, expend cash, incur debt, assume contingent liabilities or create additional expenses
related to amortizing other intangible assets with estimated useful lives, any of which might harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our business may be harmed if we fail to properly protect our intellectual property. 

We
believe that the success of our business depends in part on our proprietary technology, information, processes and know how. We try to protect our intellectual property rights based on trade secrets and patents as part of our ongoing research,
development and manufacturing activities. We cannot be certain, however, that we have adequately protected or will be able to adequately protect our technology, that our competitors will not be able to utilize our existing technology or develop
similar technology independently, that the claims allowed with respect to any patents held by us will be broad enough to protect our technology or that foreign intellectual property laws will adequately protect our intellectual property rights.
Moreover, we cannot be certain that our patents do or will provide us with a competitive advantage. 

The protection of our
intellectual property rights and the defense of claims of infringement against us by third parties may subject us to costly patent litigation. 

Any litigation in the future to enforce patents issued to us, to protect trade secrets or know how possessed by us or to defend us or indemnify others against claimed infringement of the rights of others could have a
material adverse effect on our 

7 

financial condition and operating results. From time to time, we receive notices from other companies that allege we may be infringing certain of their
patents or other rights. If we are unable to resolve these matters satisfactorily, or to obtain licenses on acceptable terms, we may face litigation, which could have a material adverse effect on us. In fact, we are presently involved in multiple
cases involving allegations of patent infringement. Regardless of the validity or successful outcome of any such intellectual property claims, we may need to expend significant time and expense to protect our intellectual property rights or to
defend against claims of infringement by third parties, which could have a material adverse effect on us. If we lose any such litigation where we are alleged to infringe the rights of others, we may be required to: 

•

 pay substantial damages; 

•

 seek licenses from others; or 

•

 change, or stop manufacturing or selling, some of our products. 

Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

We have a limited number of principal customers and a loss of one or several of those customers would hurt our business. 

Although no one customer accounted for more than 10% of our sales in 2006, our operating results could materially suffer if we experience a significant reduction in, or loss of, purchases by one or more of our top
customers. 

The loss of one or more of our customers with whom we have long term agreements could materially adversely affect our
results of operations. 

We have previously announced the execution of long term supply agreements with two wafer customers. Although
these long term supply agreements are “take or pay contracts”, there can be no assurance that the customers will be able to fulfill their financial commitments to us in the agreements to pay the associated penalties if they do not fulfill
their purchase obligations under the agreements. In such instance, we could have excess or idle production capacity. The loss of one or both of these wafer customers could materially adversely affect our operating results. 

With the introduction of our solar wafer products, we are now also subject to the risks that affect solar energy demand, including macroeconomic
factors. 

Solar energy demand has experienced a high level of growth in recent years, but it has also experienced wide fluctuations
in the operating results of industry participants. The demand for solar energy generation products is heavily influenced by macroeconomic factors such as the supply and price of other energy products, such as oil, coal and natural gas, as well as
government regulations and policies concerning the electric utility industry, including the availability and size of government and economic incentives related to the use of solar power. A significant reduction in actual or anticipated solar energy
demand could significantly reduce the demand for our solar wafers, which could materially adversely affect our operating results. 

We
are subject to periodic foreign economic downturns and political instability, which may adversely affect our sales and cost of doing business in those regions of the world. 

Economic downturns have affected our operating results in the past, and could affect our operating results in the future. Additionally, other factors may
have a material adverse effect on our operations in the future, including: 

•

 the imposition of governmental controls or changes in government regulation; 

•

 export license requirements; 

•

 restrictions on the export of technology; 

•

 geo-political instability; and 

•

 trade restrictions and changes in tariffs. 

We cannot predict whether these economic risks inherent in doing business in foreign countries will have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results in the future. 

8 

We are required to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and any adverse results from such evaluation could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports and could have an adverse effect on our stock price. 

Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we are required to furnish a report by our management on our internal control over
financial reporting. Such report must contain, among other matters, an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year, including a statement as to whether our internal control over
financial reporting is effective. This assessment must include disclosure of any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting identified by management. The report must also contain a statement that our auditors have issued an
attestation report on management’s assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Auditing Standard No. 2 provides the professional standards and related performance guidance for
auditors to attest to, and report on, management’s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting under Section 404. 

Each year we must perform the system and process documentation and evaluation needed to comply with Section 404. During this process, if our management identifies one or more material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert our internal control over financial reporting is effective. We reported one material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting in 2004 and three material weaknesses in our
internal control over financial reporting in 2005. As a result of remediation efforts that we made in 2006, we will not report a material weakness for fiscal 2006, although there can be no assurance that we will not have one or more material
weaknesses in the future. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective presently or in the future (or if our auditors are unable to attest that our management’s report is fairly stated or if they
are unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting), we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could have an adverse effect on our stock
price. 

We are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations, which could require us to discharge environmental liabilities,
increase our manufacturing and related compliance costs or otherwise adversely affect our business. 

We are subject to a variety of
foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the protection of the environment. These environmental laws and regulations include those relating to the use, storage, handling, discharge, emission, disposal and reporting of toxic,
volatile or otherwise hazardous materials used in our manufacturing processes. These materials may have been or could be released into the environment at properties currently or previously owned or operated by us, at other locations during the
transport of the materials, or at properties to which we send substances for treatment or disposal. If we were to violate or become liable under environmental laws and regulations or become non-compliant with permits required at some of our
facilities, we could be held financially responsible and incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions, third-party property damage or personal injury claims. Groundwater and/or soil contamination has been
detected at four of our facilities. We believe we are taking all necessary remedial steps at these facilities. We do not expect these known conditions to have a material impact on our business. However, environmental issues relating to presently
known or unknown matters could require additional investigation, assessment or expenditures. In addition, new laws and regulations or stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations could give rise to additional compliance costs and
liabilities. 

The market price of our common stock has fluctuated significantly and may continue to do so. 

The market price of our common stock may be affected by various factors, including: 

•

 quarterly fluctuations in our operating results resulting from factors such as timing of orders from and shipments to major customers, product mix and competitive
pricing pressures; 

•

 announcements of technological innovations, new products or upgrades to existing products by us or our competitors; 

•

 market conditions experienced by our customers; 

•

 market conditions in the wafer industry; 

•

 developments in patent or other proprietary rights by us or by our competitors; 

•

 changes in our relationships with our customers; 

•

 interruption of operations at our manufacturing facilities or the facilities of our suppliers; 

•

 actual or perceived changes in our relationship with our largest stockholder, TPG; 

•

 the size of the public float of our common stock; 

9 

•

 announcements of operating results that are not aligned with the expectations of investors; and 

•

 general stock market trends. 

Technology company stocks in general have experienced extreme price and trading volume fluctuations that often have been unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. This market volatility may adversely affect the market price
of our common stock. 

If we fail to comply with covenants under our credit facility, the lenders could cause outstanding amounts to
become immediately due and payable, and we might not have sufficient funds and assets to pay such loans. 

We are party to a $200
million revolving credit facility with National City Bank of the Midwest, US Bank National Association and other lenders named therein. This facility contains certain restrictive covenants, including covenants to maintain minimum consolidated EBITDA
and interest coverage ratios, as those terms are defined in the agreement. A continuing violation of any of these covenants, which in our industry could occur in a sudden or sustained downturn, would be deemed an event of default under the facility.
In such event, upon election of the lenders, the loan commitments under the credit facility would terminate and the loans and accrued interest then outstanding would be due and payable immediately. We may not have sufficient funds and assets to
cover any such required payments and may not be able to obtain replacement financing on a timely basis or at all. These events would have a material adverse effect on us. As of December 31, 2006, we had no outstanding borrowings under this
facility, although we had approximately $3.3 million of outstanding third party letters of credit backed by this facility at such date. 

Future sales of shares of our common stock may depress the price of our common stock. 

If we or our stockholders,
including our directors or executive officers, sell a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or investors become concerned that substantial sales might occur, the market price of our common stock could decrease. We
have granted TPG registration rights with respect to all of the shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase common stock owned by TPG. Future sales of our common stock or warrants to purchase our common stock by TPG in the public market, or
the perception that such sales might occur, could cause such a decrease in the price of our common stock. 

Certain provisions of our
Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Restated By-Laws could delay or make more difficult a change of control or change in management that would benefit our stockholders. 

Certain provisions of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Restated By-Laws may delay, defer or make more difficult: 

•

 a merger, tender offer or proxy contest; 

•

 the assumption of control by a holder of a large block of our securities; and 

•

 the replacement or removal of current management by our stockholders. 

For example, our Restated Certificate of Incorporation divides the Board of Directors into three classes, with members of each class to be elected for
staggered three-year terms. This provision may make it more difficult for stockholders to change the majority of directors and may frustrate accumulations of large blocks of common stock by limiting the voting power of such blocks. This may further
discourage a change of control or change in current management. 

These provisions may limit participation by our stockholders in any merger
or other change of control transaction, whether or not the transaction is favored by current management or would be favorable to our stockholders. These provisions may also make removal of current management by our stockholders more difficult, even
if such removal would be beneficial to the stockholders generally. 

In addition, our Board of Directors is authorized to issue up to
50,000,000 shares of preferred stock without the vote of our holders of common stock, subject to certain restrictions on the issuance of preferred stock contained in our restructuring agreement with TPG. The issuance of preferred stock could
adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock and could have the effect of delaying, deferring or impeding a change in control of us. 

10 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

The following statements are or may constitute forward-looking statements: 

•

 statements set forth in this Form 10-K or statements incorporated by reference from documents we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission regarding
possible or assumed future results of our operations, including but not limited to any statements contained herein or therein concerning: 

Ÿ

 Our belief that semiconductor device manufacturers will continue to select wafer suppliers that offer advanced technological capabilities, a broad product portfolio
and superior service to satisfy the manufacturers’ exacting device requirements; 

Ÿ

 Our belief that it is the technical evolution of the wafer that will be the enabling driver for semiconductor device improvements as the industry moves below 65
nanometer line-widths; 

Ÿ

 Our belief that there will be less than a handful of wafer suppliers remaining in a few years, down from about two dozen or more in the 1990 time frame;

Ÿ

 Our expectation that our polysilicon sales as a percent of total sales will slowly decline over time as our wafer sales grow at a faster rate;

Ÿ

 Our belief that it is more likely than not, with our projections of future taxable income, we will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the benefits of the
net deferred tax assets existing at December 31, 2006; 

Ÿ

 Our expectation that our capital expenditures will be between 10% to 15% of net sales in 2007; 

Ÿ

 Our expectation that contributions to our pension plans will be approximately $10 million in 2007; 

Ÿ

 Our belief that we have the financial resources needed to meet business requirements for at least the next 12 months, including capital expenditures and working
capital requirements; 

Ÿ

 Our belief that we are taking all necessary environmental remediation steps at our facilities, and our expectation that these known conditions will not have a
material impact on our business; 

Ÿ

 Our belief that our existing facilities and equipment are well maintained, in good operating condition and are adequate to meet our current requirements;

Ÿ

 The impact of pending litigation on us; 

Ÿ

 Other statements contained or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K regarding matters that are not historical facts; and 

Ÿ

 Any statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words “believes,” “expects,” “predicts,” “anticipates,”
“intends,” “estimates,” “should,” “may” or similar expressions. 

Because such
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on such statements, which speak only as of the date that
they were made. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are set forth under this “Item 1A. Risk Factors.” 

These cautionary statements should be considered in connection with any written or oral forward-looking statements that we may issue in the future. We do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to such forward-looking
statements to reflect later events or circumstances or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.