This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including those set forth under “Item 1.
Business” and “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” and those incorporated herein by reference from our 2009 Annual Report. In addition to the business risks and uncertainties discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K, the following are important
 which could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement made by us. 

Risks Related to Demand for Our Products and Services 

Our
Semiconductor Materials business segment depends on the semiconductor device industry, and if that industry experiences a downturn, our sales could decrease and we could be forced to reduce our prices while maintaining fixed costs, all of which
could have significant negative effects on our operating results and financial condition. 

Our Semiconductor Materials
business depends in large part upon the market demand for our customers’ semiconductor devices that are utilized in electronics applications. The semiconductor device industry experiences: 

•

 rapid technological change; 

•

 product obsolescence; 

•

 changes in product mix; 

•

 price erosion; and 

•

 fluctuations in product supply and demand, some of which fluctuations can be severe. 

From time to time, the semiconductor device industry has experienced significant downturns. These downturns often occur in connection with
declines in general economic conditions. Some of these downturns have lasted for more than a year and have resulted in a substantial decrease in demand for our products. In the fourth quarter of 2008 demand for wafers for semiconductor applications
dropped by 36% on a quarter-to-quarter basis according to SEMI (the industry association serving the manufacturing supply chains for the microelectronic, display and photovoltaic industries), and this reduced demand continued in the first quarter of
2009. Accordingly, demand for our materials products was down during this period. Although demand increased in the last three quarters of 2009, it was still less than the demand prior to the fourth quarter of 2008. If the semiconductor device
industry experiences future downturns, or if the current downturn lingers, we will face pressure to reduce prices and we may need to further rationalize capacity and reduce fixed costs. If we are unable to reduce our expenses sufficiently to offset
reductions in price and volume, our operating results and financial condition will be materially adversely affected. 

Our Solar Materials and SunEdison businesses depend on the solar industry, which is driven largely by availability and size of government and economic incentives which could be reduced or eliminated, resulting in decreased demand for
our solar wafers and SunEdison’s services, which could have significant negative effects on our operating results and financial condition. 

In the fourth quarter of 2008, solar industry demand dropped by as much as 50% on a unit basis, and this softening in demand continued for the first quarter of 2009, experiencing some recovery for the
rest of 2009. Today’s solar industry demand appears to be mainly driven by the availability and size of government and economic incentives related to the use of solar power, because today the cost of solar power exceeds the cost of power
furnished by the electric utility grid in many locations. As a result, government bodies in many countries, most notably Germany, Italy, Spain and Japan, have historically provided incentives in the form of rebates, tax credits and other incentives
to end users, distributors, system integrators and manufacturers of solar power products to promote the use of solar energy in on-grid applications and to reduce dependency on other forms of energy. Recently, some countries have reduced the rates
paid to solar power system owners for generating electricity under their respective feed-in-tariff programs. These government economic incentives could be reduced or eliminated altogether, especially in light of the ongoing worldwide economic
crisis. In addition, some of these solar program incentives expire, decline over time, are limited in total funding or require renewal of authority. Reductions in, or eliminations or expirations of, governmental incentives could result in decreased
demand for our wafers and our customers’ products. 

An excess of polysilicon supply and increased use of thin-film
cells could adversely affect sales of our solar wafers, forcing us to reduce prices in order to maintain or gain market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 

In the past few years, a large number of companies have announced plans to produce polysilicon. In addition, in part due to the lack of
available polysilicon supply occurring in 2005 through 2007, a number of companies began manufacturing thin-film solar cells, which are intended to obviate the need for crystalline-based solar wafers of the type sold by us. Both new available
polysilicon

10 

supply and the increased use of thin-film cells by our customers or other solar cell and module companies could lead to an excess supply of available material. In the event of oversupply, such as
that which occurred in late 2008, throughout 2009, and likely continuing in 2010, we may need to reduce our prices on solar wafers to retain or gain market share. In the past we have agreed to price reductions with some of our customers, including
customers with whom we have long term supply agreements, and we may need to do so again in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

Existing regulations and policies governing the electric utility industry, as well as changes to these regulations and policies, may
adversely affect demand for our Solar Materials and SunEdison products and services and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The market for electricity generation is heavily influenced by federal, state and local government regulations and policies concerning the
electric utility industry, as well as policies promulgated by public utility commissions and electric utilities. These regulations and policies govern, among other matters, electricity pricing and the technical interconnection of distributed
electricity generation to the grid. The regulations and policies also regulate net metering, which relates to the ability to offset utility-generated electricity consumption by feeding electricity produced by renewable energy sources, such as solar
energy, back into the grid. Utility customer purchases of alternative energy, including solar energy, could be deterred by these regulations and policies, which could result in a significant reduction in the potential demand for our solar energy
systems and solar wafers. Changes in consumer electricity tariffs or peak hour pricing policies of utilities, including the introduction of fixed price policies, could also reduce or eliminate the cost savings derived from solar energy systems and,
as a result, reduce our customer demand for our systems. 

If we are unable to enter into new financing agreements when
needed, or upon desirable terms, for the construction and installation of our solar energy systems, or if any of our current financing partners discontinue or materially change the financing of our systems, we may be unable to finance our projects
or our borrowing costs could increase, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We typically rely on credit facilities to fund the up-front costs associated with the design, construction and installation of our solar energy systems and the purchase of components, such as solar
modules and inverters, for our systems. In addition, we secure long-term financing upon completion of our solar energy systems and use the proceeds to refinance the debt incurred for the design, construction and installation of the solar energy
systems, as well as to generate profits and cash-flow for our business. Without access to sufficient and appropriate financing, or if that financing is not available at desirable rates or on terms we deem appropriate, we would be unable to grow our
SunEdison business by increasing the number of solar energy systems we are simultaneously developing. Our ability to obtain additional financing in the future depends on banks’ and other financing sources’ continued confidence in our
business model and the renewable energy industry as a whole. Solar energy has yet to reach widespread market penetration and is highly dependent on continued support in the form of performance-based incentives, rebates, tax credits, feed-in tariffs
and other incentives from federal, state and foreign governments. If this support were to dissipate, our ability to obtain external financing on acceptable terms, or at all, could be materially adversely affected. As of December 31, 2009, we do
not have any dedicated solar financing to support SunEdison’s current backlog, and our current cash and financing sources may be inadequate to support our business plans. Our failure to obtain necessary financing to fund our operations would
materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, to date we have
obtained financing for our SunEdison business from a limited number of financial institutions. If any of these financial institutions decided not to continue financing our solar energy systems, or materially changed the terms under which they are
willing to provide financing, we could be required to identify a new financial institution and negotiate new financing documentation. The process of identifying a new financing partner and agreeing on all relevant business and legal terms could be
lengthy and could require us to reduce the rate of the growth of our business until such new financing arrangements were in place. In addition, there can be no assurance that the terms of the financing provided by a new financial institution would
compare favorably with the terms available from our current financing partners. Our inability to secure financing could lead to cancelled projects, reduced deal flow or we could be forced to finance the construction and installation of solar energy
systems ourselves. In any such case, our borrowing costs could increase, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If we fail to meet changing customer demands, we may lose customers and our sales could suffer. 

The wafer industry changes rapidly. Changes in our customers’ requirements result in new and more demanding technologies, product
specifications and sizes, and manufacturing processes. Our ability to remain competitive will depend upon our ability to develop technologically advanced products and processes. We must continue to meet the increasingly demanding requirements of our
customers on a cost-effective basis. As a result, we expect to continue to make significant investments in research and development and equipment. We cannot be certain that we will be able to successfully introduce, market and cost-effectively
manufacture any new products, or that we will be able to develop new or enhanced products and processes that satisfy customer needs or achieve market acceptance. 

11 

Risks Related to our Supply Chain and Supply Channels 

Our dependence on single and limited source suppliers in our Semiconductor and Solar Materials businesses could harm our production
output and adversely affect our manufacturing throughput and yield, which could also have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

We obtain several raw materials, equipment, parts and supplies from sole suppliers. Likewise, we obtain all of our requirements for granular polysilicon from our facility in Pasadena, Texas. This
dependence could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. In the case of granular polysilicon, although we believe that we could substitute chunk polysilicon for granular polysilicon, we cannot predict whether this substitution would
be successful or how long the related customer qualification process would take. In addition, with any change to increased use of chunk polysilicon as a substitute for granular polysilicon, our manufacturing process would be interrupted and our
manufacturing throughput and yields could be adversely affected. A failure to obtain a new qualification or a decrease in our manufacturing throughput or yields could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

From time to time we have experienced limited supplies of certain raw materials, equipment, parts and supplies, particularly polysilicon. We
may experience shortages of our key raw materials, equipment, parts and supplies in the future. A prolonged inability to manufacture or obtain raw materials, equipment, parts or supplies, or increases in prices resulting from shortages of these
critical materials could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

Significant payments required from us
under take-or-pay contracts could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 

We have long term annual
take-or-pay contracts with certain suppliers of precursor raw materials. If we fail to take the required annual amounts under those contracts, we are required to make payments to the supplier and those payments could be significant. For
2009, we made a payment to one such supplier of $13.7 million because we did not take the required amount of raw material in 2008. We also had a purchase shortfall from this supplier for 2009, and we made a payment of approximately $15.9 for
2009 related to this shortfall in January 2010. These payments, both in 2010 and if required in future years, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

We are currently dependent on a limited number of third-party suppliers for certain components for our solar energy systems, which
could result in sales and installation delays, cancellations, liquidated damages and loss of market share for our SunEdison business. 

We rely on a limited number of third-party suppliers for certain components for our solar power systems, such as modules and inverters. If we fail to develop or maintain our relationships with these
suppliers, we may be unable to install our solar power systems on time, or only at a higher cost or after a long delay, which could prevent us from delivering our solar power systems to our customers within required timeframes. To the extent the
processes that our suppliers use to manufacture components are proprietary, we may be unable to obtain comparable components from alternative suppliers. In addition, the current economic environment and credit markets could limit our suppliers’
ability to raise capital if required to expand their production or satisfy their operating capital requirements. The failure of a supplier to supply components in a timely manner, or to supply components that meet our quality, quantity and cost
requirements, could impair our ability to install solar power systems or may increase our costs. 

Risks Related to Our
Operations 

If we do not continue to reduce our manufacturing costs and operating expenses, we may not be able to
compete effectively in the semiconductor and solar wafer industries. 

The success of our Semiconductor Materials and
Solar Materials businesses depends, in part, on our continuous reduction of manufacturing costs and leveraging of operating expenses. These businesses have experienced price erosion throughout 2009. If we are not able to reduce our manufacturing
costs and leverage our operating expenses sufficiently to offset future price erosion, our operating results will be adversely affected. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to reduce our manufacturing costs and leverage our
operating expenses. Moreover, any future reduction of headcount or closure of one or more of our manufacturing facilities may adversely affect our ability to manufacture wafers in required volumes to meet customer demand and may result in other
production disruptions, and could require us to take an excess capacity or impairment charge, which could have an adverse effect on our operating results. 

12 

Our expansion of manufacturing volume and capacity at other locations, and relocation
of certain U.S. manufacturing operations to our new Ipoh, Malaysia facility, present business risks which could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

We have invested significantly, and are continuing to invest, in expanding our raw material (polysilicon) production capacity and our 300
millimeter production capacity; bringing our own solar wafer (156 millimeter) manufacturing facility online in late 2010; and relocating certain Semiconductor Materials manufacturing capacity to Ipoh, Malaysia. Expansion of 300 millimeter and 156
millimeter wafer manufacturing production capacity, startup of our Ipoh, Malaysia semiconductor manufacturing facility, and expansion of our Merano, Italy polysilicon facility are subject to risks such as availability of capital equipment; delays in
construction or installation and related technical difficulties in ramping such new capacity to significant production levels; availability of additional precursor raw materials; timing of production ramp; and qualification of new facilities for new
and existing customers. The expansion of our 156 millimeter solar wafer manufacturing is also subject to additional risks, including refining and adapting our manufacturing technologies to customer requirements; identifying and managing qualified
subcontractors to manufacture 156 millimeter wafers while we build and ramp our own solar wafer manufacturing facility; and establishing and maintaining sufficient internal research and development, marketing, sales, production and customer service
infrastructure to support this effort. 

In order to succeed in these planned expansions and relocations, and increased
quantities of wafer deliveries, we will need to devote capital expenditures as well as the investment of management time and related resources to successfully execute these planned expansions and relocations. This could disrupt our existing
business, affect our operating results and distract our management team. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully reach our production, timing and cost goals for our planned expansions and relocations as customer specifications
and demand evolve. Use of capital and management resources that otherwise would have been made available to expand other parts of our business could have material adverse consequences on our results of operations if we fail to manage these
expansions and relocations successfully. 

Because we cannot easily transfer production of specific products from one of
our manufacturing facilities to another, manufacturing delays or lack of capacity or output at a single facility could result in a loss of product volume in our Semiconductor Materials and Solar Materials businesses. 

It typically takes three to nine months or more for our customers to qualify a manufacturing facility to produce a specific product, but it
can take longer depending upon a customer’s requirements and market conditions. Interruption of operations or lack of available additional capacity at any of our primary wafer manufacturing facilities could result in delays or cancellations of
shipments of wafers and a loss of product volume. Likewise, interruption of operations at our polysilicon manufacturing facilities in Merano, Italy and Pasadena, Texas could adversely affect our wafer manufacturing throughput and yields and could
result in our inability to produce certain qualified wafer products, delays or cancellations of shipments of wafers and a loss of product volume. A number of factors could cause interruptions, including extreme weather conditions, such as
hurricanes, which are not uncommon in the Pasadena, Texas area, equipment failures, shortages of raw materials or supplies, transportation logistic complications or labor disputes. We have had interruptions of our manufacturing operations for some
of these reasons in the past, and could have such interruptions again in the future. Unions represent some of the employees at our wafer facilities in St. Peters, Missouri, Italy and South Korea, and our granular polysilicon facility in Pasadena,
Texas. A strike at any of these facilities could cause interruptions in manufacturing. We cannot be certain that alternate qualified capacity would be available on a timely basis or at all. 

We may fail to realize the benefits of our announced closing and restructurings. 

In March and April 2009, we announced the termination of certain employees in the U.S., Korea and Japan with an expected annualized cost
savings of approximately $30 million. In September 2009, we announced that we have committed to termination of all crystal and wafering production at our St. Peters, Missouri and Sherman, Texas plants with an expected additional $55 million in
annualized cost savings and productivity improvements. We may be unable to achieve the total annualized cost savings and productivity improvements we currently anticipate as part of the termination of these employees and operations. Failure to
achieve those savings, or delays in realizing the cost savings, could have an adverse effect on our financial results. 

We may not be able to increase or sustain the recent growth rate of our SunEdison business, and we may not be able to manage its future growth effectively. 

SunEdison’s solar energy systems business has grown significantly in the past several years, and we may be unable to increase or
sustain this growth in the future. The rapid growth of our solar energy systems business has placed, and will continue to place, a significant strain on our management, personnel, systems and resources. There can be no assurance that we will be able
to accomplish these growth objectives successfully, and our failure to do so may restrict our ability to grow our solar energy services business. 

13 

SunEdison’s business presents significant new challenges for us and we cannot be
certain that we can meet those challenges to successfully develop our solar power projects and energy services business. Future acquisitions may present other integration challenges. 

There are significant risks related to the development of solar power plants, including high initial capital expenditure costs to develop
and construct functional power plant facilities, the availability of favorable government tax and other incentives, the high cost and potential regulatory and technical difficulties in integrating into new markets, an often limited or unstable
marketplace, competition from other sources of electric power, regulatory difficulties including obtaining necessary permits, difficulties in negotiating power purchase agreements with potential customers, educating the market regarding the
reliability and benefits of solar energy products and services, costs associated with environmental regulatory compliance, and competing with larger, more established solar energy companies and utilities. There can be no assurance that we will be
able to overcome these risks as we develop our solar power projects and energy services business. 

We may encounter financial
and operational difficulties in integrating the SunEdison business with our current lines of business or in operating the SunEdison business successfully. With the acquisition of SunEdison, although SunEdison is a purchaser of solar modules from
certain of our customers, some of the customers for our solar wafers that also develop solar power projects could decide that they will reduce or discontinue their purchase of wafers from MEMC. Such a reduction or cessation of purchases could
decrease some of the anticipated synergies we hope to achieve from the SunEdison acquisition, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

We cannot be certain of the degree and scope of operational and integration problems that may arise. We anticipate that the SunEdison
business will require significant amounts of working capital and other capital. There can be no assurance that the SunEdison business will produce sufficient margins to support the capital required. Historically, the SunEdison business has generated
losses as SunEdison has ramped up its operations. 

If we find other appropriate opportunities in the future, we may acquire
businesses, products or technologies that we believe are strategic. If we acquire a business, product or technology, the process of integration may produce unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and may absorb significant attention of
our management that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development of our business. 

Failure of our
third-party subcontractors we use to construct and install our solar energy systems could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and our ability to develop the SunEdison business. 

We utilize and rely on third party subcontractors to construct and install our solar energy systems throughout the world. If our
subcontractors do not satisfy their obligations or do not perform work that meets our quality standards or if there is a shortage of third-party subcontractors or labor strikes that interfere with our subcontractors’ ability to complete their
work on time and/or on budget, we could experience significant delays in our construction operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and/or our ability to grow our SunEdison business. 

The loss of one or more of our customers, or failure of any of those customers to meet their obligations under these agreements could
materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

One customer in our historical Materials Business accounted
for 23% of our consolidated revenue in 2009, compared to 15% of our revenue in 2008 from this same customer. In the aggregate, our top three customers accounted for 39% of our 2009 revenue, compared to 38% of our revenue in 2008 from these same
three customers. Our operating results could materially suffer if we experience a significant reduction in, or loss of, purchases by one or more of these companies or by our other top customers. 

We have long-term supply agreements with four customers. We had to amend three of these four agreements to reduce the wafer prices and
expect to do the same with the fourth customer. There can be no assurance that we will not need to further amend our long-term agreements with these four customers to reduce prices dictated by such agreements, or make changes to other provisions of
the agreements. In addition, one of these customers has still not made a scheduled refundable capacity reservation deposit that was due under its agreement in early January 2009. As a result, we cannot be certain that this customer will be able to
purchase its required volumes of wafers under its long-term supply agreement with us. 

In addition, although the long-term
supply agreements with all four of these customers are “take or pay contracts”, there can be no assurance that the customers will be able to fulfill their financial commitments to us in the agreements to pay the associated amounts if they
do not fulfill their purchase obligations under the agreements. If we had to stop shipping to a customer who failed to meet its obligations under the long-term supply agreement, we could have excess or idle production capacity which could adversely
affect our results of operations. 

14 

We face competition in the industries in which we operate, which could force us to
reduce our prices to retain market share or face losing market share and revenues. 

We face competition in the
semiconductor wafer industry from established manufacturers throughout the world, including Shin-Etsu Handotai, SUMCO, Wacker Siltronic and Covalent. We also face competition in the solar wafer industry from established manufacturers throughout the
world, including LDK Solar, Renesola, Jiangsu Shunda, M. Setek and SAS (Sino American Silicon Products), and in polysilicon, our competitors include Hemlock Semiconductor Corporation and Wacker Polysilicon. In addition, vertically integrated solar
companies such as REC Group, SolarWorld AG, Yingli and Trina Solar, also compete in the solar materials market. We face competition in the solar energy services provider market from SunPower Corporation, First Solar, Inc., Recurrent Energy, Inc.,
T-Solar Global, S.A. and Fotowatio Renewable Ventures. Some of our competitors have substantial financial, technical, engineering and manufacturing resources to develop products that currently, and may, in the future, compete favorably against our
products, and some of our competitors in the solar industry may have substantial government-backed financial resources. We expect that our competitors will continue to improve the design and performance of their products and to introduce new
products with competitive price and performance characteristics. We may need to reduce our prices to respond to aggressive pricing by our competitors to retain or gain market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating
results. 

Our business may be harmed if we fail to properly protect our intellectual property. 

We believe that the success of our business depends in part on our proprietary technology, information, processes and know how. We try to
protect our intellectual property rights based on trade secrets and patents as part of our ongoing research, development and manufacturing activities. We cannot be certain, however, that we have adequately protected or will be able to adequately
protect our technology, that our competitors will not be able to utilize our existing technology or develop similar technology independently, that the claims allowed with respect to any patents held by us will be broad enough to protect our
technology or that foreign intellectual property laws will adequately protect our intellectual property rights. Moreover, we cannot be certain that our patents provide us with a competitive advantage. 

Any litigation in the future to enforce patents issued to us, to protect trade secrets or know how possessed by us or to defend us or to
indemnify others against claimed infringement of the rights of others could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. From time to time, we receive notices from other companies that allege we may be infringing
certain of their patents or other rights. If we are unable to resolve these matters satisfactorily, or to obtain licenses on acceptable terms, we may face litigation, which could have a material adverse effect on us. We are presently involved in
multiple cases involving allegations of patent infringement. Regardless of the validity or successful outcome of any such intellectual property claims, we may need to expend significant time and expense to protect our intellectual property rights or
to defend against claims of infringement by third parties, which could have a material adverse effect on us. If we lose any such litigation where we are alleged to infringe the rights of others, we may be required to pay substantial damages, seek
licenses from others, or change, or stop manufacturing or selling, some of our products. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Our inability to respond to rapid market changes in the solar energy industry, including identification of new technologies and their
inclusion in the services that we offer, will adversely affect our profitability. 

The solar energy industry is
characterized by rapid increases in the diversity and complexity of technologies, products and services. In particular, the ongoing evolution of technological standards requires products with lower costs and improved features, such as more
efficiency and higher electricity output. If we fail to identify or obtain access to advances in technologies, we may become less competitive and less profitable. In addition, we generally enter into long-term supply contracts and may hold a
substantial inventory of solar modules and other related equipment that we utilize to provide our solar energy services. Rapid technological changes could result in components that we are contractually committed to purchase or our inventory becoming
partially or entirely obsolete or not cost-effective, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

A significant deterioration in the financial performance of the United States retail industry could materially adversely affect our Sun Edison business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

The financial performance of our SunEdison business depends upon the continued viability and financial
stability of its retail customers. If the retail industry is materially and adversely affected by an economic downturn, increase in inflation or other factors, one or more of our largest customers could encounter financial difficulty, and possibly,
bankruptcy. If one or more of our largest customers were to encounter financial difficulty or declare bankruptcy, they may reduce their power purchase agreement payments to us or stop them altogether. Any interruption or termination in payments by
our customers would result in less cash being paid to the special purpose legal entities we establish to finance our projects, which could adversely affect the entities’ ability to make lease payments to the financing parties which are the
legal owners of many of our solar energy systems or to pay our lenders in the case of the solar energy systems that we own. In such a case the amount of distributable cash held by the entities would decrease, adversely

15 

affecting the cash flows we receive from such entities. In addition, our ability to finance additional new projects with power purchase agreements from such customers would be adversely affected,
undermining our ability to grow our business. Any reduction or termination of payments by one or more of our principal customers would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations, which could require us to incur environmental liabilities, increase our
manufacturing and related compliance costs or otherwise adversely affect our business. 

We are subject to a variety of
foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the protection of the environment. These environmental laws and regulations include those relating to the use, storage, handling, discharge, emission, disposal and reporting of toxic,
volatile or otherwise hazardous materials used in our manufacturing processes. These materials may have been or could be released into the environment at properties currently or previously owned or operated by us, at other locations during the
transport of the materials, or at properties to which we send substances for treatment or disposal. If we were to violate or become liable under environmental laws and regulations or become non-compliant with permits required at some of our
facilities, we could be held financially responsible and incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions, third-party property damage or personal injury claims. Groundwater and/or soil contamination has been
detected at four of our facilities. We believe we are taking all necessary remedial steps at these facilities. In addition, if we should decide to close a facility in the future, we could be subject to additional costs related to cleanup and/or
remediation of the facility in connection with closing the facility. We do not expect these known conditions to have a material impact on our business. Environmental issues relating to presently known or unknown matters, however, could require
additional investigation, assessment or expenditures. In addition, new laws and regulations or stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations could give rise to additional compliance costs and liabilities. 

Although we are not currently regulated as a utility under U.S. federal or state law or the laws and regulations of our foreign
markets, we could become regulated as a utility company in the future. 

As a solar energy provider, we currently are
not regulated under federal law and most state laws as a utility company because we develop solar systems below a certain size threshold, and therefore are not subject to the various federal and state standards, restrictions and regulatory
requirements applicable to U.S. utility companies. In the United States, SunEdison obtains federal and state regulatory exemptions by establishing “Qualifying Facility” status with the FERC for all of its solar energy projects.
Additionally, as SunEdison’s utility-scale business grows to entail sales of electricity from solar energy systems greater than 20 MW, SunEdison will need to seek and obtain standardized “Power Marketer Licenses” from FERC in order to
undertake sales of power from such large facilities. In Europe and in Canada, SunEdison and its subsidiaries are also generally subject to the regulations of the relevant energy regulatory agencies applicable to all producers of electricity under
the relevant feed-in tariff regulations (including the feed-in tariff rates). We are not currently subject to regulation as a utility in the foreign markets in which we provide our solar energy services. However, our business strategy includes the
development of larger solar energy systems in the future, which could change our regulatory position. Any local, state, federal or international regulations could place significant restrictions on our ability to operate our business and execute our
business plan by prohibiting or otherwise restricting the sale of electricity by us. If we were deemed to be subject to the same state, federal or foreign regulatory authorities as utility companies, such as the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission,
or FERC, in the United States or if new regulatory bodies were established to oversee the solar energy industry in the United States or in our foreign markets, then our operating costs would materially increase. 

Our brand and reputation are key assets of our business and if our brand or reputation is damaged, our business and results of
operations could be materially adversely affected. 

We depend significantly on our reputation for high quality
semiconductor materials, solar wafers, solar energy systems and the brand name “SunEdison” to retain our current customers and attract new customers and joint venture partners in order to grow our business. If we fail to deliver our
products or solar energy systems within the planned timelines, our products and services do not perform as anticipated or if we materially damage any of our clients’ properties, or cancel projects, our brand name and reputation could be
significantly impaired, which could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Capital and
Financial Market Risks 

The investment of our cash balances and our investments in money market funds, auction rate
securities, fixed income funds, individual corporate bonds, asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities and pension plan assets are subject to risks associated with the current worldwide credit and financial market conditions which may cause losses
and adversely affect the liquidity or value of these investments. 

As of December 31, 2009, we held $64 million
of investments in an investment portfolio with a major banking institution. These are invested primarily in individual corporate bonds and asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities. A majority of these investments maintain a floating interest rate
based on a range of spreads to the one and three month LIBOR rate. In addition, as of

16 

December 31, 2009, we held $38.4 million of investments related to auction rate securities (ARS). If the credit markets worsen, as they did in 2008, for example, we could suffer additional
losses in the value of these investments, which may also lose liquidity. 

During November 2008, we accepted an offer from our
investment broker to receive an ARS Right that would substantially ensure recovery to par of our ARS between June 2010 and July 2012. We intend to exercise the ARS Right in June 2010; however, in the event that we are unable to recover on this ARS
Right, the ARS could result in additional losses. 

Because we manufacture and sell a substantial portion of our products
outside of the United States, we are subject to the risks of doing business internationally, including periodic foreign economic downturns and political instability, which may adversely affect our sales and cost of doing business in those regions of
the world. 

Economic downturns have affected our operating results in the past, and could affect our operating results
in the future. Additionally, other factors may have a material adverse effect on our operations in the future, including: 

•

 the imposition of governmental controls or changes in government regulations, including tax regulations; 

•

 export license requirements; 

•

 restrictions on the export of technology; 

•

 geo-political instability; and 

•

 trade restrictions and changes in tariffs. 

We cannot predict whether these economic risks inherent in doing business in foreign countries will have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results in the future. 

We currently operate under tax holidays and/or favorable tax incentives and rates in certain foreign jurisdictions. Such tax holidays and
incentives often require us to meet certain minimum employment and investment criteria or thresholds in these jurisdictions. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to meet these criteria or thresholds, or realize any net tax benefits
from these tax holidays or incentives. If any of our tax holidays or incentives are terminated, our results of operations could be materially adversely effected. 

We are subject to periodic fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates which could cause operating results and reported financial results to vary significantly from period to period. 

Sales outside of the United States, approximately 87% of all our sales in 2009, expose us to currency exchange rate
fluctuations. Our risk exposure from these sales is primarily related to the Euro, Japanese Yen and Korean Won. Because the majority of our sales are denominated in the U.S. Dollar, if one or more competitors sells to our customers in a
different currency than the U.S. Dollar, we are subject to the risk that the competitors’ products will be relatively less expensive than our products due to exchange rate effects. For 2009, approximately 84% of our sales were denominated
in U.S. Dollars, compared to approximately 83% in 2008. 

We recognized net currency losses totaling approximately $0.8 million
in 2009, $3.0 million in 2008, and $1.7 million in 2007. We cannot predict whether the foreign currency exchange risks inherent in doing business in foreign countries will have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results in the
future. 

If we fail to comply with covenants under our credit facility, the lenders could cause outstanding amounts to
become immediately due and payable, and we might not have sufficient funds and assets to pay such loans. 

We are party
to a $250 million revolving credit facility with Bank of America, N.A. and other lenders named therein. This facility contains certain restrictive covenants. A continuing violation of any of these covenants, which in our industry could occur in a
sudden or sustained downturn, would be deemed an event of default under the facility. In such event, upon election of the lenders, the loan commitments under the credit facility would terminate and the loans and accrued interest then outstanding
would be due and payable immediately. We may not have sufficient funds and assets to cover any such required payments and may not be able to obtain replacement financing on a timely basis or at all. These events could have a material adverse effect
on our business depending on our outstanding balances at that time. As of December 31, 2009, we had no outstanding borrowings under this facility, although we had approximately $83.5 million of outstanding third party letters of credit backed
by this facility at such date. 

Risks Related to an Investment in Our Common Stock 

The market price of our common stock has fluctuated significantly, especially in recent years, and may continue to do so in the
future. 

The market price of our common stock may be affected by various factors, including: 

•

 quarterly fluctuations in our operating results resulting from factors such as timing of orders from and shipments to major customers, product mix,
competitive pricing pressures and sales of solar energy systems; 

•

 market conditions experienced by our customers and in the semiconductor industry and solar industry; 

17 

•

 interruption of operations at our manufacturing facilities or the facilities of our suppliers; 

•

 announcements of operating results that are not aligned with the expectations of investors; 

•

 general worldwide macroeconomic conditions; 

•

 changes in our relationships with our customers; 

•

 announcements of technological innovations, new products or upgrades to existing products by us or our competitors; 

•

 developments in patent or other proprietary rights by us or by our competitors; and 

•

 general stock market trends. 

As a participant in both the semiconductor industry and the solar industry, two industries that have often experienced extreme price and trading volume fluctuations that often have been unrelated to the
operating performance of an individual company, this market volatility may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Strategic acquisitions, such as the SunEdison acquisition, could have a dilutive effect on our current stockholders’ investment. 

The acquisition of SunEdison included the initial issuance of approximately 3.8 million shares of our common stock to the equity holders of SunEdison. This and future acquisitions involving issuances
of equity securities could have a dilutive effect on our current stockholders’ investment. If we make future acquisitions, we may issue shares of stock that dilute other stockholders, expend cash, incur debt, assume contingent liabilities or
create additional expenses related to amortizing other intangible assets with estimated useful lives, any of which might harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We are required to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and any
adverse results from such evaluation, or the failure to develop internal controls necessary for our SunEdison business to achieve compliance with Section 404, could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports and could have
an adverse effect on our stock price. 

Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we are required to
furnish a report by our management assessing the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year. This assessment must include disclosure of any material weaknesses in our internal control over
financial reporting identified by management. The report must also contain a statement that our auditors have issued an attestation report on management’s assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting. 

We recently acquired SunEdison, which was not previously subject to the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will
be subject to compliance in 2010. The development of the internal controls necessary for our SunEdison business to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may result in increased costs and expenses. Furthermore, any failure to implement
required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in the implementation of adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting
obligations. 

If our management identifies one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting,
we will be unable to assert our internal control over financial reporting is effective. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective presently or in the future (or if our auditors are unable to express
an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting), we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could have an adverse effect on our stock price. 

Certain provisions of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Restated By-Laws could delay or make more difficult a change of
control or change in management that would benefit our stockholders. 

Certain provisions of our Restated Certificate
of Incorporation and Restated By-Laws may delay, defer or make more difficult: 

•

 a merger, tender offer or proxy contest; 

•

 the assumption of control by a holder of a large block of our securities; and 

•

 the replacement or removal of current management by our stockholders. 

For example, our Restated Certificate of Incorporation divides the Board of Directors into three classes, with members of each class to be
elected for staggered three-year terms. This provision may make it more difficult for stockholders to change the majority of directors and may frustrate accumulations of large blocks of common stock by limiting the voting power of such blocks. This
may further discourage a change of control or change in current management. 

        These provisions
may limit participation by our stockholders in any merger or other change of control transaction, whether or not the transaction is favored by current management or would be favorable to our stockholders. These provisions may also make removal of
current management by our stockholders more difficult, even if such removal would be beneficial to the stockholders generally. 

18 

In addition, our Board of Directors is authorized to issue up to 50,000,000 shares of
preferred stock without the vote of our holders of common stock. The issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock and could have the effect of delaying, deferring or impeding
a change in control of us. 

The accounting treatment for many aspects of our SunEdison business is complex and any
changes to the accounting interpretations or accounting rules governing our SunEdison business could have a material adverse affect on our GAAP reported results of operations and financial results. 

The accounting treatment for many aspects of our SunEdison business is complex and our future results could be adversely affected by changes
in the accounting treatment applicable to our SunEdison business. In particular, any changes to the accounting rules regarding the following matters may require us to restate our financial statements and/or change the manner in which we operate and
finance our SunEdison business: 

•

 the classification of our sale-leaseback transactions as capital or real estate leases; 

•

 intracompany contracts; 

•

 operation and maintenance contracts; 

•

 joint venture accounting, including the consolidation of joint venture entities and the inclusion or exclusion of their assets and liabilities on our
balance sheet; 

•

 long-term vendor agreements; and 

•

 foreign holding company tax treatment. 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

The following
statements are or may constitute forward-looking statements: 

•

 Statements set forth in this Form 10-K or statements incorporated by reference from documents we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
regarding possible or assumed future results of our operations, including but not limited to any statements contained herein or therein concerning: 

•

 Our belief that our ability to meet virtually all of our polysilicon requirements through our in-house capabilities provides us with a potential
advantage to compete more effectively in the wafer industry; 

•

 Our belief that the OPTIA™ wafer is the most technologically advanced polished wafer available today; 

•

 Our belief that our wafers are competitive with wafers manufactured by others on the basis of product quality, consistency, price, technical
innovation, customer service and product availability; 

•

 Our belief that our relations with our employees are generally good; 

•

 Our belief that we could substitute chunk polysilicon for granular polysilicon; 

•

 Our belief that our continued and timely development of new products and enhancements to existing products is necessary to maintain our competitive
position; 

•

 Our expectation that we will expand our marketing and sales efforts in our SunEdison business to additional countries in the future;

•

 Our intention to sell our Sherman, Texas facility after production has been phased out; 

•

 Our intent to complete construction on our Ipoh, Malaysia facility and commence shipments from this facility in late 2010;

•

 Our belief that prices in the semiconductor materials industry will stabilize and potentially increase through 2010; 

•

 Our belief that the market for both multicrystalline wafers as well as monocrystalline wafers for solar applications will grow rapidly in the future;

•

 Our expectation to continue to make significant investments in research and development and equipment; 

•

 Our belief that our known environmental conditions will not have a material impact on our business; 

•

 Our belief that our existing facilities and equipment are well maintained, in good operating condition and are adequate to meet our current
requirements; 

•

 The impact of pending litigation on us, including the cases described in Item 3 hereof; 

19 

•

 Our belief that there will be some insurance coverage available under MEMC’s insurance policies for the class actions and derivative claims
described in Item 3 hereof; 

•

 Our belief that, as of December 31, 2009, our internal control over financial reporting was effective; 

•

 Our belief that it is reasonably possible that our IRS examination could be completed within the next twelve months; 

•

 Our belief that our tax positions are in compliance with applicable tax laws and regulations, and that our tax return positions are fully supported;

•

 Our belief that it is more likely than not, with our projections of future taxable income, that we will generate sufficient taxable income to realize
the benefits of the net deferred tax assets (which have not been offset by a valuation allowance) at December 31, 2009; 

•

 Our belief that it will take longer than 12 months to reach the original carrying value of our investments; 

•

 Our belief that the current liquidity concerns in the credit and capital markets will not have a material impact on our liquidity, cash flow, financial
flexibility or our ability to fund our operations; 

•

 Our belief that we have the financial resources needed to meet business requirements for at least the next 12 months, including capital expenditures
and working capital requirements; 

•

 Our belief that our income tax liabilities, including related interest, are adequate in relation to the potential for additional tax assessments;

•

 Our expectations regarding our cost savings of our restructurings and the timing related to those cost savings; 

•

 Our current expectation that our 2010 capital expenditures in our Solar Materials Business will be approximately 20% of our consolidated revenue in the
aggregate; 

•

 Our expectation that contributions to our pension plans in 2010 will be approximately $0.9 million; 

•

 Our expectation that our Euro currency forward contract will be effective as an economic hedge of foreign exchange risk; 

•

 Our expectation that approximately $229.1 million of goodwill will be deductible for tax purposes; 

•

 Our expectation that the undistributed earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries are expected to be remitted to the Company in the foreseeable future;

•

 Our expectation that the adoption of ASC 860 and 810 will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements;

•

 Our expectation that we will sustain at least an annual level of solar energy system expenditures at the 2010 level or higher for 2011 and for the
foreseeable future; 

•

 Our expectation that existing cash and short term investments, available lines of credit, and master lease arrangements are adequate to fund the solar
energy system construction expenditures planned for 2010 and possibly beyond; 

•

 Our belief that our aggressive cost reductions and production efficiencies, which are aimed at helping our customers achieve grid parity without
government subsidies, will be successful within the next five years; 

•

 Our belief that our ability to produce wafers internally will advance our goal of reaching grid parity for solar energy while improving our margins;

•

 Our belief that we will continue to drive efficiencies of production through manufacturing innovations and best-cost manufacturing locations;

•

 Our belief that we will profitably increase our market share in the semiconductor industry, continue to broaden our customer base in the solar wafer
industry and leverage SunEdison’s business model to significantly grow our project development pipeline; 

•

 Our expectation that we will ramp SOI wafer production to commercial volumes in 2010; 

•

 Other statements contained or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K regarding matters that are not historical facts; and

•

 Any statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words “believes,” “expects,” “predicts,”
“anticipates,” “intends,” “estimates,” “should,” “may” or similar expressions. 

20 

Because such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ
materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on such statements, which speak only as of the date that they were made. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
are set forth under this “Item 1A. Risk Factors.” 

These cautionary statements should be considered in connection
with any written or oral forward-looking statements that we may issue in the future. We do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to such forward-looking statements to reflect later events or circumstances or to reflect the
occurrence of unanticipated events.