This Annual
Report on Form 10-K contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including those set forth under “Item 1. Business” and “Item 3. Legal Proceedings”
and those incorporated herein by reference from our 2007 Annual Report. In addition to the business risks and uncertainties discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K, the following are important risk factors which could cause actual results and events
to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement made by us. 

Our business depends primarily on the
semiconductor device industry and if that industry experiences future downturns, our sales could decrease and we could be forced to reduce our prices while maintaining fixed costs, all of which could have significant negative effects on our
operating results and financial condition. 

Our business depends in large part upon the market demand for our customers’
semiconductor devices that are utilized in electronics applications. The semiconductor device industry experiences: 

•

 rapid technological change; 

•

 product obsolescence; 

•

 changes in product mix; 

•

 price erosion; and 

•

 fluctuations in product supply and demand. 

From time to time, the semiconductor device industry has experienced significant downturns. These downturns often occur in connection with declines in general economic conditions. Some of these downturns have lasted for more than a year and
have resulted in a substantial decrease in demand for our products. For much of the second half of 2007 and into the early months of 2008, the semiconductor device industry has had pockets of soft or weakened demand. If the semiconductor device
industry experiences future downturns, we will face pressure to reduce prices and we may need to further rationalize capacity and reduce fixed costs. If we are unable to reduce our expenses sufficiently to offset reductions in price and volume, our
operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

We are also subject to the risks that affect the
solar industry. 

The solar industry has experienced a high level of growth in recent years, but it has also experienced wide
fluctuations in the operating results of industry participants, some of which has been caused by the lack of readily available supply of certain raw materials, such as polysilicon or silane gas. In the past few years, a large number of companies
have announced plans to produce polysilicon. In addition, in part due to the lack of available polysilicon supply, a number of companies are supplying thin-film solar cells, which are intended to obviate the need for crystalline-based cells, which
would use wafers supplied by us. Both new available polysilicon supply and the increased use of thin-film cells by our customers or other solar cell and module companies could potentially lead to an excess supply of available material to service the
demand of the industry. In such event, we may need to reduce our prices on certain products to retain or gain market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

In addition, the demand for solar electricity generation products is heavily
influenced by macroeconomic factors such as the supply and price of other energy products, such as oil, coal and natural gas, as well as foreign, federal, state and local government regulations and policies concerning the electric utility industry,
including the availability and size of government and economic incentives related to the use of solar power. Today, the cost of solar power exceeds the cost of power furnished by the electric utility grid in many locations. As a result, federal,
state and local government bodies in many countries, most notably Germany and Japan, have provided incentives in the form of rebates, tax credits and other incentives to end users, distributors, system integrators and manufacturers of solar power
products to promote the use of solar energy in on-grid applications and to reduce dependency on other forms of energy. These government economic incentives could be reduced or eliminated altogether. Some of these solar program incentives expire,
decline over time, are limited in total funding or require renewal of authority. Reductions in, or eliminations or expirations of, governmental incentives could result in decreased demand for our wafers and our customers’ products. 

Our dependence on single and limited source suppliers could harm our production output and adversely affect our manufacturing throughput and
yield. 

We obtain several raw materials, equipment, parts and supplies from sole suppliers. Likewise, we obtain all of our
requirements for granular polysilicon from our facility in Pasadena, Texas. In the case of granular polysilicon, we believe that we could substitute chunk polysilicon for granular polysilicon. We cannot predict whether this substitution would be
successful or how long this qualification process would take. In addition, our manufacturing process could be interrupted and our manufacturing throughput and yields could be adversely affected. A failure to obtain a new qualification or a decrease
in our manufacturing throughput or yields could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

6 

From time to time we have experienced limited supplies of certain raw materials, equipment, parts and
supplies, particularly polysilicon. Because of the cyclical nature of our industry, we may experience shortages of our key raw materials, equipment, parts and supplies in the future. A prolonged inability to obtain raw materials, equipment, parts or
supplies, or increases in prices resulting from these shortages, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

Our
expansion of manufacturing volume and capacity presents business risks which could materially adversely affect our results of operations if we fail to manage these expansions successfully. 

We are investing significantly in expanding our raw material (polysilicon) production capacity and our 300mm production capacity. We have also announced
our intention to develop significant 156mm production capacity. Expansion of our polysilicon production capacity is subject to risks such as availability of capital equipment; delays in construction and ramp of new production capacity; and
availability of additional precursor raw materials. 

Because our plan to manufacture 156mm wafers involves a new size wafer for MEMC, it is
also subject to additional risks, including refining and adapting our manufacturing technologies to customer requirements; creating and developing demand for and market acceptance of our technologies and products; identifying and managing qualified
subcontractors to manufacture 156mm wafers; and establishing and maintaining sufficient internal research and development, marketing, sales, production and customer service infrastructure to support this effort. 

In July 2005, we embarked upon a significant expansion of our 300 millimeter production capacity by establishing such production capacity at our Taisil
facility in Taiwan, in addition to continuing our improvements to our Japan 300 millimeter operation. The expansion of this capacity involves significant risks, including availability and timing of capital equipment installation; distraction of
worldwide and local management; costs and spending in excess of budgeted amounts; timing of production ramp; and qualification of a new facility at new and existing customers. 

In order to succeed in these planned expansions and increased quantities of wafer deliveries, we will need to devote capital expenditures as well as the
investment of management time and related resources to successfully execute these planned expansions. This could disrupt our existing business, affect our operating results and distract our management team. There can be no assurance that we will be
able to successfully reach our production, timing and cost goals for our planned expansions as customer specifications and demand evolve. Use of capital and management resources that otherwise would have been made available to expand other parts of
our business could have material adverse consequences on our results of operations if we fail to manage these expansions successfully. 

We experience competition in the wafer industry which could force us to reduce our prices to retain market share or face losing market share and revenues. 

We face competition in the wafer industry from established manufacturers throughout the world. The largest wafer suppliers with whom we compete are
Shin-Etsu Handotai, SUMCO, Siltronic, BP Solar International, Evergreen Solar, Kyocera Corp., REC Group, Sanyo Corporation, Sharp Corporation, and SolarWorld AG. We compete on the basis of product quality, consistency, price, technical innovation,
customer service and product availability. We expect that our competitors will continue to improve the design and performance of their products and to introduce new products with competitive price and performance characteristics. Some of our
competitors have substantial financial, technical, engineering and manufacturing resources to develop products that currently, and may in the future, compete favorably against our products. We may need to reduce our prices to retain or gain market
share, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

If we fail to meet changing customer demands, we may
lose customers and our sales could suffer. 

The wafer industry changes rapidly. Changes in our customers’ requirements result
in new and more demanding technologies, product specifications and sizes, and manufacturing processes. Our ability to remain competitive will depend upon our ability to develop technologically advanced products and processes. We must continue to
meet the increasingly demanding requirements of our customers on a cost-effective basis. As a result, we expect to continue to make significant investments in research and development and equipment. We cannot be certain that we will be able to
successfully introduce, market and cost-effectively manufacture any new products, or that we will be able to develop new or enhanced products and processes that satisfy customer needs or achieve market acceptance. 

7 

Because we cannot easily transfer production of specific products from one of our manufacturing
facilities to another, manufacturing delays or lack of capacity or output at a single facility could result in a loss of product volume. 

It typically takes three to six months for our customers to qualify a manufacturing facility to produce a specific product, but it can take longer depending upon a customer’s requirements and market conditions. Interruption of
operations or lack of available additional capacity at any of our primary wafer manufacturing facilities could result in delays or cancellations of shipments of wafers and a loss of product volume. Likewise, interruption of operations at our
granular polysilicon manufacturing facility could adversely affect our wafer manufacturing throughput and yields and could result in our inability to produce certain qualified wafer products, delays or cancellations of shipments of wafers and a loss
of product volume. An August 2007 accident at this facility caused reduced product volumes and increased costs in the 2007 third quarter. Similarly, an interruption of our chunk polysilicon manufacturing operations could adversely affect our results
of operations. A number of factors could cause interruptions, including labor disputes, equipment failures, shortages of raw materials or supplies, or transportation logistic complications. Unions represent some of the employees at our wafer
facilities in St. Peters, Missouri, Italy and South Korea and our granular polysilicon facility in Pasadena, Texas. A strike at any of these facilities could cause interruptions in manufacturing. We cannot be certain that alternate qualified
capacity would be available on a timely basis or at all. 

If we do not continue to reduce our manufacturing costs and operating
expenses, we may not be able to compete effectively in the wafer industry. 

The success of our business depends, in part, on our
continuous reduction of manufacturing costs and operating expenses. The wafer industry has historically experienced price erosion and will likely continue to experience such price erosion. In addition, our long-term agreements to supply solar wafers
have fixed price reduction curves. If we are not able to reduce our manufacturing costs and operating expenses sufficiently to offset future price erosion, our operating results will be adversely affected. During the past few years, we have engaged
in various cost-cutting and other initiatives intended to reduce costs and increase productivity. These activities have included reduction of headcount, refinement of our processes and efforts to increase yields and reduce cycle time. We cannot
assure you that we will be able to continue to reduce our manufacturing costs and operating expenses. Moreover, any future closure of facilities or reduction of headcount may adversely affect our ability to manufacture wafers in required volumes to
meet customer demand and may result in other production disruptions. 

We are subject to periodic fluctuations in foreign currency
exchange rates which could cause operating results and reported financial results to vary significantly from period to period. 

Approximately 76% of our sales in 2007 were made outside the United States, and we expect that international sales will continue to represent a significant percentage of our total sales. Sales outside of the United States could expose us to
currency exchange rate fluctuations. Our risk exposure from these sales is primarily related to the Euro, Japanese Yen and Korean Won. Because the majority of our sales are denominated in the U.S. Dollar, if one or more competitors is selling
to our customers in a different currency than the U.S. Dollar, we are subject to the risk that the competitors’ products will be relatively less expensive than our products due to exchange rate effects. 

8 

In addition, a significant portion of our manufacturing operations is located outside of the United
States. Our risk exposure from expenses at international manufacturing facilities is concentrated in the Euro, Japanese Yen, Korean Won, Malaysian Ringgit and the New Taiwanese Dollar. When possible, we denominate our foreign sales in the same
foreign currency in which we incurred manufacturing expenses. To the extent that our sales in foreign currencies occur at foreign sites which incur expenses in those same currencies, this natural hedge reduces our net exposure to foreign currency
risk. We generally hedge receivables denominated in foreign currencies at the time of sale. One of our foreign subsidiaries has debt denominated in Japanese Yen. We generally do not hedge these net foreign currency exposures. 

We recognized net currency losses totaling approximately $1.7 million in 2007, $1.0 million in 2006, and $0.5 million in 2005. We cannot predict whether
the foreign currency exchange risks inherent in doing business in foreign countries will have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results in the future. 

We may acquire other businesses, products or technologies; if we do, we may be unable to integrate them with our business effectively or at all,
which may impair our financial performance. 

If we find appropriate opportunities, we may acquire businesses, products or
technologies that we believe are strategic. If we acquire a business, product or technology, the process of integration may produce unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and may absorb significant attention of our management that would
otherwise be available for the ongoing development of our business. If we make future acquisitions, we may issue shares of stock that dilute other stockholders, expend cash, incur debt, assume contingent liabilities or create additional expenses
related to amortizing other intangible assets with estimated useful lives, any of which might harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our business may be harmed if we fail to properly protect our intellectual property. 

We
believe that the success of our business depends in part on our proprietary technology, information, processes and know how. We try to protect our intellectual property rights based on trade secrets and patents as part of our ongoing research,
development and manufacturing activities. We cannot be certain, however, that we have adequately protected or will be able to adequately protect our technology, that our competitors will not be able to utilize our existing technology or develop
similar technology independently, that the claims allowed with respect to any patents held by us will be broad enough to protect our technology or that foreign intellectual property laws will adequately protect our intellectual property rights.
Moreover, we cannot be certain that our patents do or will provide us with a competitive advantage. 

The protection of our
intellectual property rights and the defense of claims of infringement against us by third parties may subject us to costly patent litigation. 

Any litigation in the future to enforce patents issued to us, to protect trade secrets or know how possessed by us or to defend us or to indemnify others against claimed infringement of the rights of others could have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. From time to time, we receive notices from other companies that allege we may be infringing certain of their patents or other rights. If we are unable to resolve these
matters satisfactorily, or to obtain licenses on acceptable terms, we may face litigation, which could have a material adverse effect on us. In fact, we are presently involved in multiple cases involving allegations of patent infringement.
Regardless of the validity or successful outcome of any such intellectual property claims, we may need to expend significant time and expense to protect our intellectual property rights or to defend against claims of infringement by third parties,
which could have a material adverse effect on us. If we lose any such litigation where we are alleged to infringe the rights of others, we may be required to: 

•

 pay substantial damages; 

•

 seek licenses from others; or 

•

 change, or stop manufacturing or selling, some of our products. 

Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

9 

We have a limited number of principal customers and a loss of one or several of those customers
would hurt our business. 

Two customers accounted for more than 10% of our revenue in 2007. Our operating results could materially
suffer if we experience a significant reduction in, or loss of, purchases by one or more of our top customers. 

The loss of one or more of
our customers with whom we have long-term agreements could materially adversely affect our results of operations. We have previously announced the execution of long-term supply agreements with three customers between July 2006 and October 2007.
Although these long-term supply agreements are “take or pay contracts”, there can be no assurance that the customers will be able to fulfill their financial commitments to us in the agreements to pay the associated penalties if they do not
fulfill their purchase obligations under the agreements. If we had to stop shipping to a customer who failed to meet its obligations under the contract, we could have excess or idle production capacity. The loss of any of these customers could
materially adversely affect our operating results. 

We are subject to periodic foreign economic downturns and political instability,
which may adversely affect our sales and cost of doing business in those regions of the world. 

Economic downturns have affected
our operating results in the past, and could affect our operating results in the future. Additionally, other factors may have a material adverse effect on our operations in the future, including: 

•

 the imposition of governmental controls or changes in government regulation; 

•

 export license requirements; 

•

 restrictions on the export of technology; 

•

 geo-political instability; and 

•

 trade restrictions and changes in tariffs. 

We cannot predict whether these economic risks inherent in doing business in foreign countries will have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results in the future. 

We are required to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and any adverse
results from such evaluation could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports and could have an adverse effect on our stock price. 

Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we are required to furnish a report by our management on our internal control over financial reporting. Such report must contain, among other matters, an
assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year, including a statement as to whether our internal control over financial reporting is effective. This assessment must include
disclosure of any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting identified by management. The report must also contain a statement that our auditors have issued an attestation report on management’s assessment of our
internal controls over financial reporting. 

If our management identifies one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over
financial reporting, we will be unable to assert our internal control over financial reporting is effective. We reported one material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting in 2004 and three material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting in 2005. We did not report any material weaknesses for fiscal 2006 and we will not report any material weaknesses for fiscal 2007, although there can be no assurance that we will not have one or more material
weaknesses in the future. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective presently or in the future (or if our auditors are unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls over
financial reporting), we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could have an adverse effect on our stock price. 

We are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations, which could require us to discharge environmental liabilities, increase our manufacturing and related compliance costs or otherwise adversely affect
our business. 

We are subject to a variety of foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the protection of
the environment. These environmental laws and regulations include those relating to the use, storage, handling, discharge, emission, disposal and reporting of toxic, volatile or otherwise hazardous materials used in our manufacturing processes.
These materials may have been or 

10 

could be released into the environment at properties currently or previously owned or operated by us, at other locations during the transport of the
materials, or at properties to which we send substances for treatment or disposal. If we were to violate or become liable under environmental laws and regulations or become non-compliant with permits required at some of our facilities, we could be
held financially responsible and incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions, third-party property damage or personal injury claims. Groundwater and/or soil contamination has been detected at four of our
facilities. We believe we are taking all necessary remedial steps at these facilities. We do not expect these known conditions to have a material impact on our business. However, environmental issues relating to presently known or unknown matters
could require additional investigation, assessment or expenditures. In addition, new laws and regulations or stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations could give rise to additional compliance costs and liabilities. 

The market price of our common stock has fluctuated significantly and may continue to do so. 

The market price of our common stock may be affected by various factors, including: 

•

 quarterly fluctuations in our operating results resulting from factors such as timing of orders from and shipments to major customers, product mix and competitive
pricing pressures; 

•

 announcements of technological innovations, new products or upgrades to existing products by us or our competitors; 

•

 market conditions experienced by our customers; 

•

 market conditions in the semiconductor industry, solar industry and wafer industry; 

•

 developments in patent or other proprietary rights by us or by our competitors; 

•

 changes in our relationships with our customers; 

•

 interruption of operations at our manufacturing facilities or the facilities of our suppliers; 

•

 announcements of operating results that are not aligned with the expectations of investors; and 

•

 general stock market trends. 

Technology company stocks in general have experienced extreme price and trading volume fluctuations that often have been unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. This market volatility may adversely affect the market price
of our common stock. 

If we fail to comply with covenants under our credit facility, the lenders could cause outstanding amounts to
become immediately due and payable, and we might not have sufficient funds and assets to pay such loans. 

We are party to a $200
million revolving credit facility with National City Bank of the Midwest, US Bank National Association and other lenders named therein. This facility contains certain restrictive covenants, including covenants to maintain minimum consolidated EBITDA
and interest coverage ratios, as those terms are defined in the agreement. A continuing violation of any of these covenants, which in our industry could occur in a sudden or sustained downturn, would be deemed an event of default under the facility.
In such event, upon election of the lenders, the loan commitments under the credit facility would terminate and the loans and accrued interest then outstanding would be due and payable immediately. We may not have sufficient funds and assets to
cover any such required payments and may not be able to obtain replacement financing on a timely basis or at all. These events could have a material adverse effect on us depending on our outstanding balances at that time. As of December 31,
2007, we had no outstanding borrowings under this facility, although we had approximately $112.0 million of outstanding third party letters of credit backed by this facility at such date. 

Certain provisions of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Restated By-Laws could delay or make more difficult a change of control or
change in management that would benefit our stockholders. 

Certain provisions of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation and
Restated By-Laws may delay, defer or make more difficult: 

•

 a merger, tender offer or proxy contest; 

•

 the assumption of control by a holder of a large block of our securities; and 

11 

•

 the replacement or removal of current management by our stockholders. 

For example, our Restated Certificate of Incorporation divides the Board of Directors into three classes, with members of each class to be elected for
staggered three-year terms. This provision may make it more difficult for stockholders to change the majority of directors and may frustrate accumulations of large blocks of common stock by limiting the voting power of such blocks. This may further
discourage a change of control or change in current management. 

These provisions may limit participation by our stockholders in any merger
or other change of control transaction, whether or not the transaction is favored by current management or would be favorable to our stockholders. These provisions may also make removal of current management by our stockholders more difficult, even
if such removal would be beneficial to the stockholders generally. 

In addition, our Board of Directors is authorized to issue up to
50,000,000 shares of preferred stock without the vote of our holders of common stock. The issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock and could have the effect of delaying,
deferring or impeding a change in control of us. 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

The following statements are or may constitute forward-looking statements: 

•

 Statements set forth in this Form 10-K or statements incorporated by reference from documents we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission regarding
possible or assumed future results of our operations, including but not limited to any statements contained herein or therein concerning: 

•

 Our belief that we will continue to be able to obtain raw materials, equipment, parts and supplies from our suppliers, including sole suppliers;

•

 Our belief that we can obtain all of our requirements for granular polysilicon from our facility in Pasadena, Texas and that, if necessary, we could substitute
chunk polysilicon for granular polysilicon; 

•

 Our belief that we will continue to be able to 
reduce manufacturing costs and operating expenses; 

•

 Our belief that we can be competitive supplying wafers for solar applications; 

•

 Our belief that we have the ability to liquidate our short-term investments, including $111.7 million of short-term investments related to auction rate securities;

•

 Our belief that the decline in fair value of our short-term investments in a strategic investment portfolio with a major banking institution (primarily invested in
corporate, asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities) was directly attributed to the current global credit conditions and will be temporary; 

•

 Our belief that, based on our current cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment balances of approximately $1.3 billion at December 31, 2007 and expected
operating cash flows, the current liquidity concerns in the credit and capital markets will not have a material impact on our liquidity, cash flow, financial flexibility or our ability to fund our operations; 

•

 Our belief that our capital expenditures will be approximately 15% of our net sales in 2008; 

•

 Our belief that our pension and other post-employment liabilities will materialize as estimated by the various actuarial assumptions we use;

•

 Our expectation that contributions to our pension and post-employment plans in 2008 will be approximately $9.1 million and $3.0 million, respectively;

•

 Our expectation that our polysilicon sales as a percent of total sales will slowly decline over time as our wafer sales grow at a faster rate;

•

 Our belief that it is more likely than not, with our projections of future taxable income, we will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the benefits of the
net deferred tax assets existing at December 31, 2007 

•

 Our belief that we have the financial resources needed to meet business requirements for at least the next 12 months, including capital expenditures and working
capital requirements; 

•

 Our belief that we are taking all necessary environmental remediation steps at our facilities, and our expectation that these known conditions will not have a
material impact on our business; 

•

 Our belief that our existing facilities and equipment are well maintained, in good operating condition and are adequate to meet our current requirements;

•

 The impact of pending litigation on us; 

•

 Other statements contained or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K regarding matters that are not historical facts; and 

•

 Any statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words “believes,” “expects,” “predicts,” “anticipates,”
“intends,” “estimates,” “should,” “may” or similar expressions. 

12 

Because such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from
those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on such statements, which speak only as of the date that they were made. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are set forth
under this “Item 1A. Risk Factors.” 

These cautionary statements should be considered in connection with any written or oral
forward-looking statements that we may issue in the future. We do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to such forward-looking statements to reflect later events or circumstances or to reflect the occurrence of
unanticipated events.