Various risks and uncertainties could
affect our business. Any of the risks described below or elsewhere in this report or our other SEC filings could have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. It is not possible to predict or identify all risk
factors. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we believe to be immaterial may also impair our business operations. Therefore, the following is not intended to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or
uncertainties. 

General economic conditions affecting the food industry may affect our business. 

The retail food and supply chain services segments are sensitive to a number of economic conditions that may affect our businesses such as: (i) food
price inflation or deflation, (ii) softness in national and local economies, (iii) increases in energy costs and commodity prices, (iv) changes in interest rates, (v) the availability of favorable credit and trade terms, and
(vi) other economic conditions that may affect consumer spending or buying habits. Any one or more of these economic conditions can affect our retail sales, the demand for products we distribute to our retailer customers, our operating costs
and other aspects of our businesses. 

Various operating factors may affect our business plans or costs of operations. 

The operation of our businesses may be affected by a number of factors, such as: (i) changes in business plans, operations, results and prospects,
(ii) potential delays in the development, construction or start-up of planned projects, (iii) labor relations, (iv) changes in operating conditions and costs, including fuel price increases, (v) the level of capital resources
required for future acquisitions or operations, (vi) difficulties in developing, maintaining or upgrading information technology systems as needed, and (vii) the outcome of negotiations with partners, governments, suppliers, unions,
customers or others, any one or more of which can affect our operating costs, plans for the opening or remodeling of stores, acquisitions and other aspects of our businesses. 

Unfavorable outcomes in legal, governmental or administrative proceedings or disputes, or unfavorable changes in government regulations or accounting standards may affect our businesses and operating results.

Unfavorable outcomes in litigation, governmental or administrative proceedings or other disputes may result in significant liability to
the company and affect our profitability or impose restrictions on the manner in which 

8 

we conduct our business. Our businesses are also subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations with which we must comply. Our inability to
timely obtain permits, comply with government regulations or make capital expenditures required to maintain compliance with governmental regulations may affect our ability to open new stores or expand existing facilities, which could adversely
impact our business operations and prospects. Changes in applicable laws and regulations that impose additional requirements or restrictions on the manner in which we operate our businesses could increase our operating costs. In addition, changes in
accounting standards could impact our financial statements. 

We face a high level of competition in the retail food and supply chain services
businesses, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 

The industries in which we compete are extremely competitive. Our
retail food business faces competition from regional and national chains operating under a variety of formats that devote square footage to selling food (i.e. supercenters, supermarkets, extreme value stores, membership warehouse clubs, dollar
stores, drug stores, convenience stores, various formats selling prepared foods, and other specialty and discount retailers), as well as from independent food store operators in the markets where we have retail operations. The company’s third
party logistics business competes nationwide in a highly fragmented marketplace, which includes a number of large international and domestic companies, as well as many smaller, more regional competitors. 

Both the retail food and supply chain services businesses are subject to competitive practices that may affect: (i) the prices at which we are able
to sell products at our retail locations, (ii) sales volume, (iii) the ability of our distribution customers to sell products we supply, which may affect future orders, (iv) changes in demographics and consumer preferences, and
(v) our ability to attract and retain customers. In addition, the nature and extent of consolidation in the retail food and food distribution industries could affect our competitive position or that of our distribution customers in the markets
we serve. 

Threats or potential threats to security or food safety may adversely affect our business. 

Wartime activities, threats of terror, acts of terror or other criminal activity directed at the grocery or drug store industry, the transportation
industry, or computer or communications systems, could increase security costs, adversely affect our operations, or impact consumer behavior and spending and customer orders. Other events that give rise to actual or potential food contamination,
drug contamination, or food-borne illness could have an adverse effect on our operating results. 

Severe weather and national disasters can adversely
impact the areas in which we conduct business. 

Severe weather conditions such as hurricanes or tornadoes, as well as other natural
disasters, could damage our properties, adversely impact the areas in which we conduct our business or the suppliers from whom we obtain products or otherwise cause disruptions to operations or affect our supply chain efficiencies. 

Our failure to integrate the businesses we are acquiring from Albertsons in a successful and timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 

We have entered into agreements pursuant to which we expect to consummate the Proposed
Transaction. We may not be able to successfully consummate the acquisition. If we do consummate the acquisition, we may not be able to realize the expected synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects. We may experience increased
competition that limits our ability to expand our business, we may not be able to capitalize on expected business opportunities including retaining the current retail customers of the acquired business, assumptions underlying estimates of expected
cost savings may be inaccurate or general industry and business conditions may deteriorate. In addition, integrating operations after the completion of the acquisition will require significant efforts and expenses. Personnel may leave or be
terminated because of the transactions. Our management may 

9 

have its attention diverted while trying to integrate the acquired businesses. If these factors limit our ability to integrate the operations of the acquired
business successfully or on a timely basis, our expectations of future results of operations, including certain cost savings and synergies expected to result from the Proposed Transaction, may not be met. In addition, our growth and operating
strategies for the acquired businesses may be different from the strategies that Albertsons currently is pursuing. If such difficulties are encountered or if such synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects are not realized, it could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, there can be no assurance that the Proposed Transaction will be completed. 

We will incur substantial additional indebtedness to finance the Proposed Transaction, which will decrease our business flexibility and increase our borrowing costs. 

Upon completion of the Proposed Transaction, we will have consolidated indebtedness that will be substantially greater than our indebtedness prior to that
completion. The increased indebtedness and higher debt-to-equity ratio of our company, as compared to that which has existed on a historical basis, will have the effect, among other things, of reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business
and economic conditions and increasing borrowing costs. We have received guidance from ratings agencies to the effect that, after the completion of the Proposed Transaction, our debt will no longer have an investment-grade rating, and on
April 13, 2006 Moody’s Investor Service changed the rating of our long-term unsecured debt from Baa3 to Ba3. 

Escalating costs of providing
employee benefits and other labor relations issues may lead to labor disputes and disruption of our businesses. 

Potential work
disruptions from labor disputes may affect sales at our stores as well as our ability to distribute products. We contribute to various multiemployer healthcare and pension plans covering certain union-represented employees in both our retail and
distribution operations. A significant number of our employees (as well as a significant number of employees that we expect to acquire as part of the Proposed Transaction) are subject to collective bargaining agreements, and a majority of those
employees (as well as a majority of the employees that we expect to acquire as part of the Proposed Transaction) are participants in multiemployer pension plans. The costs of providing benefits through such plans have escalated rapidly in recent
years. Based upon information available to us, we believe that certain of these multiemployer plans are underfunded. The decline in the value of assets supporting these plans, in addition to the high level of benefits generally provided, has led to
the underfunding. As a result, contributions to these plans will continue to increase and the benefit levels and other issues will continue to create collective bargaining challenges, which could increase our costs and materially affect our
financial condition and results of operations.