Various risks and uncertainties could affect our
business. Any of the risks described below or elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or our other SEC filings could have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. It is not possible to predict or identify
all risk factors. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we believe to be immaterial may also impair our business operations. Therefore, the following is not intended to be a complete discussion of all potential risks
or uncertainties. 

General economic conditions affecting the food industry may affect our business. 

The Retail food and Supply chain services segments are sensitive to a number of economic conditions that may affect our businesses such as: (i) food and drug price
inflation or deflation, (ii) softness in national and local economies, (iii) increases in energy costs and commodity prices, (iv) changes in interest rates, (v) the availability of favorable credit and trade terms, and
(vi) other economic conditions that may affect consumer spending or buying habits. Any one or more of these economic conditions can affect our retail sales, the demand for products we distribute to our retailer customers, our operating costs
and other aspects of our businesses. 

Various operating factors may affect our business plans or costs of operations. 

The operation of our businesses may be affected by a number of factors, such as: (i) changes in business plans, operations, results and prospects,
(ii) potential delays in the development, construction or start-up of planned projects, (iii) labor relations, (iv) changes in operating conditions and costs, including fuel price increases, (v) the level of capital resources
required for future acquisitions, operations or debt reduction, (vi) difficulties in developing, maintaining or upgrading information technology systems as needed, and (vii) the outcomes of negotiations with partners, governments,
suppliers, unions, customers or others, any one or more of which can affect our operating costs, plans for the opening or remodeling of stores, acquisitions and other aspects of our businesses. 

Unfavorable outcomes in legal, governmental or administrative proceedings or disputes, or unfavorable changes in government regulations or accounting standards may
affect our businesses and operating results. 

Unfavorable outcomes in litigation, governmental or administrative proceedings or other disputes may
result in significant liability to the Company and affect our profitability or impose restrictions on the manner in which we conduct our business. Our businesses are also subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations with which we
must comply. Our inability to timely obtain permits, comply with government regulations or make capital expenditures required to maintain compliance with governmental regulations may affect our ability to open new stores or expand existing
facilities, which could adversely impact our business operations and prospects. Changes in applicable laws and regulations that impose additional requirements or restrictions on the manner in which we operate our businesses could increase our
operating costs. In addition, changes in accounting standards could impact our financial statements. 

9 

Table of Contents

We face a high level of competition in the retail food and supply chain services businesses, which could adversely
affect our financial performance. 

The industries in which we compete are extremely competitive. Our Retail food business faces competition from
regional and national chains operating under a variety of formats that devote square footage to selling food (i.e. combination food and drug stores, food stores, limited assortment food stores, membership warehouse clubs, dollar stores, drug stores,
convenience stores, various formats selling prepared foods, and other specialty and discount retailers), as well as from independent food store operators in the markets where we have retail operations. The Company’s third party logistics
business competes nationwide in a highly fragmented marketplace, which includes a number of large international and domestic companies, as well as many smaller, more regional competitors. 

Both the Retail food and Supply chain services businesses are subject to competitive practices that may affect: (i) the prices at which we are able to sell products
at our retail locations, (ii) sales volume, (iii) the ability of our distribution customers to sell products we supply, which may affect future orders, (iv) changes in demographics and consumer preferences, and (v) our ability to
attract and retain customers. In addition, the nature and extent of consolidation in the retail food and food distribution industries could affect our competitive position or that of our distribution customers in the markets we serve. 

Threats or potential threats to security or food safety may adversely affect our business. 

Wartime activities, threats or acts of terror, data theft, information espionage, or other criminal activity directed at the grocery or drug store industry, the transportation industry, or computer or communications
systems, including security measures implemented in recognition of actual or potential threats, could increase security costs, adversely affect our operations, or impact consumer behavior and spending and customer orders. Other events that give rise
to actual or potential food contamination, drug contamination, or food-borne illness could have an adverse effect on our operating results. 

Severe
weather and natural disasters can adversely impact the areas in which we conduct business. 

Severe weather conditions such as hurricanes or tornadoes,
as well as other natural disasters, could damage our properties, adversely impact the areas in which we conduct our business or the suppliers from whom we obtain products or otherwise cause disruptions to operations or affect our supply chain
efficiencies. In addition, unseasonably adverse climatic conditions that impact growing conditions and the crops of food producers may adversely affect the availability or cost of certain products within the grocery supply chain. 

If we fail to combine our businesses with the businesses we acquired from Albertsons in a successful and timely manner, it could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We may not be able to realize the synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects
anticipated in connection with the Acquisition. We may experience increased competition that limits our ability to expand our business, we may not be able to capitalize on expected business opportunities including retaining our current customers,
assumptions underlying estimates of expected cost savings may be inaccurate or general industry and business conditions may deteriorate. In addition, combining certain operations of our Company with the Acquired Operations has required significant
effort and expense. Personnel have left and may continue to leave or be terminated because of the Acquisition. Our management may have its attention diverted as it continues to combine certain operations of both companies. If these factors limit our
ability to combine such operations successfully or on a timely basis, our expectations of future results of operations, including certain cost savings and synergies expected to result from the Acquisition, may not be met. If such difficulties are
encountered or if such synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects are not realized, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

10 

Table of Contents

The obligation to provide transition support services to the purchasers of the non-core supermarket operations of
Albertsons could adversely affect our financial performance. 

In connection with the Acquisition, we entered into a Transition Services Agreement
(“TSA”) with the purchaser of the non-core supermarket business of Albertsons. That agreement is structured to provide us payments from the purchaser to cover the historical costs of providing support services to the operations. There is
no assurance that the payments will be sufficient to cover our costs of providing the services or that we will be able to reduce our costs as fast as those payments may decrease during the terms of the TSA. Our management may have its attention
diverted while trying to provide the services required by the TSA and the TSA may otherwise limit our ability to achieve the synergies and other cost savings anticipated in the Acquisition. Disputes in connection with the TSA could lead to
reductions in the payments due to us under the agreement or unanticipated costs that could adversely affect our financial performance. 

We have a lower
debt coverage ratio as a result of the Acquisition, which will decrease our business flexibility and increase our borrowing costs. 

As a result of the
Acquisition we have a significantly lower debt coverage ratio than before the Acquisition. The lower debt coverage, as compared to that which has existed on a historical basis, will have the effect, among other things, of reducing our flexibility to
respond to changing business and economic conditions and increasing borrowing costs. Our debt no longer has an investment-grade rating. 

Escalating
costs of providing employee benefits and other labor relations issues may lead to labor disputes and disruption of our businesses. 

Potential work
disruptions from labor disputes may affect sales at our stores as well as our ability to distribute products. A significant number of our employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements, and a majority of those employees are participants
in multi-employer health and pension plans. The costs of providing benefits through such plans have escalated rapidly in recent years. Based upon information available to us, we believe that certain of these multi-employer plans are underfunded. The
underfunding was caused by the cost of benefits exceeding contributions and investment returns. Contributions to these plans may continue to increase and the benefit levels and other issues may continue to create collective bargaining challenges,
which could increase our costs and materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Approximately 117,000 of the Company’s
employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to negotiate the terms of any expiring or expired agreement in a manner acceptable to the Company. Therefore, potential work
disruptions from labor disputes could result, which may affect sales and earnings. If we are unable to control health care, pension and wage costs, or gain operational flexibility under our collective bargaining agreements, we may experience
increased operating costs and an adverse impact on future results of operations. 

If the number or severity of claims for which we are self-insured
increases, or we are required to accrue or pay additional amounts because the claims prove to be more severe than our original assessments, our operating results could be adversely affected. 

We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance to provide for potential liabilities for workers’ compensation, automobile and general liability, property
insurance and employee health care benefits. We estimate the liabilities associated with the risks retained by us, in part, by considering historical claims experience, demographic and severity factors and other actuarial assumptions which, by their
nature, are subject to a high degree of variability. Any actuarial projection of losses concerning workers’ compensation and general and automobile liability is subject to a high degree of variability. Among the causes of this variability are
unpredictable external factors affecting future inflation rates, discount rates, litigation trends, legal interpretations, benefit level changes and claim settlement patterns. 

11 

Table of Contents

Some of the many sources of uncertainty in our reserve estimates include changes in benefit levels, medical fee
schedules, medical utilization guidelines, vocation rehabilitation and apportionment. If the number or severity of claims for which we are self-insured increases, or we are required to accrue or pay additional amounts because the claims prove to be
more severe than our original assessments, our operating results could be adversely affected.