Various risks and uncertainties may affect the Company’s
 business. Any of the risks described below or elsewhere in this
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 or the Company’s other SEC filings may have a material
 impact on the Company’s business, financial condition or
 results of operations.

 General economic conditions, which are largely out of the
 Company’s control, may adversely affect the Company’s
 financial condition and results of operations.

 The Company’s Retail food and Supply chain services
 businesses are sensitive to changes in general economic
 conditions, both nationally and locally. Recessionary economic
 cycles, higher interest rates, higher fuel and other energy
 costs, inflation, increases in commodity prices, higher levels
 of unemployment, higher consumer debt levels, higher tax rates
 and other changes in tax laws or other economic factors that may
 affect consumer spending or buying habits may adversely affect
 the demand for products the Company sells in its stores or
 distributes to its independent retail customers. The United
 States economy and financial markets have declined and
 experienced volatility due to uncertainties related to energy
 prices, availability of credit, difficulties in the banking and
 financial services sectors, the decline in the housing market,
 diminished market liquidity, falling consumer confidence and
 rising unemployment rates. As a result, consumers are more
 cautious. This may lead to additional reductions in consumer
 spending, to consumers trading down to a less expensive mix of
 products or to consumers trading down to discounters for grocery
 items, all of which may affect the Company’s financial
 condition and results of operations. We are unable to predict
 when the economy will improve. If the economy does not improve,
 the Company’s business, results of operations and financial
 condition may be adversely affected.

 Furthermore, the Company may experience additional reductions in
 traffic in its own stores or stores of independent retail
 customers that it supplies, or limitations on the prices the
 Company can charge for its products, either of which could may
 the Company’s sales and profit margins and have a material
 adverse affect on the Company’s financial condition and
 results of operations. Also, economic factors such as those
 listed above and increased transportation costs, inflation,
 higher costs of labor, insurance and healthcare, and changes in
 other laws and regulations may increase the Company’s cost
 of sales and the Company’s operating, selling, general and
 administrative expenses, and otherwise adversely affect the
 financial condition and results of operations of the
 Company’s Retail food and Supply chain services businesses.

 The Company faces a high level of competition in the Retail
 food and Supply chain services businesses, which may adversely
 affect the Company’s financial condition and results of
 operations.

 The Company’s Retail food business faces competition for
 customers, employees, store sites, products and in other
 important areas from traditional grocery retailers, including
 regional and national chains and independent food store
 operators, and non-traditional retailers, such as supercenters,
 membership warehouse clubs, combination food and pharmacy
 stores, limited assortment food stores, specialty supermarkets,
 drug stores, discount stores, dollar stores, convenience stores
 and restaurants. The Company’s ability to attract customers
 in this business is dependent, in large part, upon a combination
 of product price, quality, assortment, brand recognition, store
 location, in-store marketing and design, promotional strategies
 and continued growth into new markets. In addition, the nature
 and extent to which our competitors implement various pricing
 and promotional activities in response to increasing competition
 and the Company’s response to these competitive actions,
 can adversely affect profitability.

 The Company’s Supply chain services business is primarily
 wholesale distribution and includes a third-party logistics
 component. The distribution component of the Company’s
 Supply chain services business competes with traditional grocery
 wholesalers on the basis of product price, quality, assortment,
 schedule and reliability of deliveries, service fees and
 distribution facility locations. The third-party logistics
 component of the Company’s Supply chain services business
 competes nationwide in a highly fragmented marketplace with a
 number of large international and domestic companies and many
 smaller, regional companies on the basis of warehousing and
 transportation logistics expertise, cost and the ability to
 offer asset and non-asset based

 11

Table of Contents

 solutions and design and manage customer supply chains.
 Competitive pressures on the Company’s Retail food and
 Supply chain services businesses may cause the Company to
 experience: (i) reductions in the prices at which the
 Company is able to sell products at its retail locations or to
 its independent retail customers, (ii) decreases in sales
 volume due to increased difficulty in selling the Company’s
 products and (iii) difficulty in attracting and retaining
 customers. Any of these outcomes may adversely affect the
 Company’s financial condition and results of operations.

 In addition, the nature and extent of consolidation in the
 retail food and food distribution industries may affect the
 Company’s competitive position or that of the
 Company’s independent retail customers in the markets the
 Company serves. Although the retail food industry as a whole is
 highly fragmented, certain segments are currently undergoing
 some consolidation, which may result in increased competition
 and significantly alter the dynamics of the retail food
 marketplace. Such consolidation may result in competitors with
 greatly improved financial resources, improved access to
 merchandise, greater market penetration and other improvements
 in their competitive positions. Such business combinations may
 result in the provision of a wider variety of products and
 services at competitive prices by such consolidated companies,
 which may adversely affect the Company’s financial
 condition and results of operations.

 Food and drug safety concerns and related unfavorable
 publicity may adversely affect the Company’s sales and
 results of operations.

 There is increasing governmental scrutiny and public awareness
 regarding food and drug safety. The Company may be adversely
 affected if consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality
 of the Company’s food and drug products. Any events that
 give rise to actual or potential food contamination, drug
 contamination or food-borne illness may result in product
 liability claims and a loss of consumer confidence. In addition,
 adverse publicity about these types of concerns whether valid or
 not, may discourage consumers from buying the Company’s
 products or cause production and delivery disruptions, which may
 have an adverse effect on the Company’s sales and results
 of operations.

 The Company’s substantial indebtedness and lower credit
 rating may increase the Company’s borrowing costs, decrease
 the Company’s business flexibility and adversely affect the
 Company’s financial condition and results of operations.

 The Company has, and expects to continue to have, a substantial
 amount of debt and a significantly lower debt coverage ratio as
 compared to what the Company had before the Acquisition. In
 addition, as a result of the Acquisition, the Company’s
 debt no longer has an investment-grade rating.

 The Company’s level of indebtedness and the reduction of
 its credit rating may have important consequences to the
 operation of its businesses and may increase its vulnerability
 to general adverse economic conditions. For example, they may:

 • 

 require the Company to use a substantial portion of its cash
 flow from operations for the payment of principal of, and
 interest on, its indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability
 of the Company’s cash flow to fund working capital, capital
 expenditures, acquisitions, development efforts and other
 general corporate purposes;

 • 

 limit the Company’s ability to obtain, or increase the cost
 at which the Company is able to obtain, additional financing to
 fund working capital, capital expenditures, additional
 acquisitions or general corporate requirements; and

 • 

 limit the Company’s flexibility to adjust to changing
 business and market conditions and place the Company at a
 competitive disadvantage relative to its competitors that have
 less debt.

 In addition, the Company’s ability to make scheduled
 payments or to refinance its obligations with respect to its
 indebtedness will depend upon the Company’s operating and
 financial performance, which, in turn, is subject to prevailing
 economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors
 beyond the Company’s control. As a result, the
 Company’s substantial indebtedness and lower credit rating
 may increase the Company’s borrowing costs, decrease the
 Company’s business flexibility and adversely affect the
 Company’s financial condition and results of operations.
 Furthermore, the turmoil in the financial markets, including the
 bankruptcy or restructuring of certain financial institutions,
 may adversely impact the availability and cost of

 12

Table of Contents

 credit in the future. There can be no assurances that government
 responses to the disruptions in the financial markets will
 stabilize the markets or increase liquidity and the availability
 of credit.

 The Company’s inability to successfully negotiate with
 labor unions or to maintain good labor relations may lead to
 labor disputes and the disruption of the Company’s
 businesses, which may adversely affect the Company’s
 financial condition and results of operations.

 A large number of the Company’s employees are unionized,
 and the Company’s relationship with unions, including labor
 disputes or work stoppages, may affect the sale and distribution
 of the Company’s products and have an adverse impact on the
 Company’s financial condition and results of operations. As
 of February 28, 2009, the Company is a party to 266
 collective bargaining agreements covering approximately 110,000
 of its employees, of which 47 covering approximately
 37,000 employees are scheduled to expire in fiscal 2010.
 These expiring agreements cover approximately 34 percent of
 the Company’s union-affiliated employees. In addition,
 during fiscal 2009, 62 collective bargaining agreements covering
 approximately 4,500 employees expired without their terms
 being renegotiated. Negotiations are expected to continue with
 the bargaining units representing the employees subject to those
 agreements. In future negotiations with labor unions, the
 Company expects that, among other issues, rising healthcare,
 pension and employee benefit costs will be important topics for
 negotiation. There can be no assurance that the Company will be
 able to negotiate the terms of any expiring or expired agreement
 in a manner acceptable to the Company. Therefore, potential work
 disruptions from labor disputes may result, which may disrupt
 the Company’s businesses and adversely affect the
 Company’s financial condition and results of operations.

 Escalating costs of providing employee benefits may adversely
 affect the Company’s financial condition and results of
 operations.

 The Company provides health benefits to and sponsors defined
 pension and other post-retirement plans for substantially all
 employees not participating in multi-employer health and pension
 plans. The Company’s costs to provide such benefits
 continue to increase annually. In addition, the Company
 participates in various multi-employer health and pension plans
 for a majority of its unionized employees, and the Company is
 required to make contributions to these plans in amounts
 established under collective bargaining agreements. The costs of
 providing benefits through such plans have escalated rapidly in
 recent years and contributions to these plans may continue to
 create collective bargaining challenges. The amount of any
 increase or decrease in the Company’s required
 contributions to these multi-employer plans will depend upon
 many factors, including the outcome of collective bargaining,
 actions taken by trustees who manage the plans, government
 regulations, the actual return on assets held in the plans and
 the potential payment of a withdrawal liability if the Company
 chooses to exit a market. Increases in the costs of benefits
 under these plans coupled with adverse stock market developments
 that have reduced the return on plan assets have caused some
 multi-employer plans in which the Company participates to be
 underfunded. The unfunded liabilities of these plans may result
 in increased future payments by the Company and the other
 participating employers, including costs that may arise with
 respect to any potential litigation or that may cause the
 acceleration of payments to fund any underfunded plan. The
 Company’s risk of such increased payments may be greater if
 any of the participating employers in these underfunded plans
 withdraws from the plan due to insolvency and is not able to
 contribute an amount sufficient to fund the unfunded liabilities
 associated with its participants of the plan. If the Company is
 unable to control healthcare and pension costs, the Company may
 experience increased operating costs, which may have a material
 adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and
 results of operations.

 The Company’s inability to open and remodel a
 significant number of stores as planned may have an adverse
 effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of
 operations.

 In fiscal 2010, pursuant to the Company’s 2010 capital
 plan, the Company expects to complete 75 to 80 major store
 remodels, 30 to 40 minor store remodels, three new combination
 and food stores, and 50 to 60 limited assortment stores,
 including licensed stores. If, as a result of labor relations
 issues, supply issues or environmental and real estate delays, a
 significant portion of these capital projects do not stay
 reasonably within the time and financial budgets that the
 Company has forecasted, the Company’s financial condition
 and results of operations may be adversely affected.
 Furthermore, the Company cannot ensure that the new or remodeled
 stores will achieve anticipated results. As a result, the
 Company’s inability to open and remodel a

 13

Table of Contents

 significant number of stores as planned may have an adverse
 effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of
 operations.

 If the Company fails to realize the synergies from combining
 the Company’s businesses with the businesses the Company
 acquired from Albertsons in a successful and timely manner, it
 may have an adverse effect on the Company’s business,
 financial condition and results of operations.

 The Company may not be able to realize the synergies, business
 opportunities and growth prospects anticipated in connection
 with the Acquisition. The Company may experience increased
 competition that limits the Company’s ability to expand its
 business, the Company may not be able to capitalize on expected
 business opportunities, including retaining the Company’s
 current customers, assumptions underlying estimates of expected
 cost savings may be inaccurate or general industry and business
 conditions may deteriorate. In addition, combining certain of
 the Company’s operations with the Acquired Operations has
 required significant effort and expense. Personnel have left and
 additional associates may be terminated as part of the
 integration plan. The Company’s management may have its
 attention diverted as it continues to combine certain operations
 of both companies. If these factors limit the Company’s
 ability to combine such operations successfully or on a timely
 basis, the Company’s expectations of future results of
 operations, including certain cost savings and synergies
 expected to result from the Acquisition, may not be met. If such
 difficulties are encountered or if such synergies, business
 opportunities and growth prospects are not realized, it may have
 an adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

 The industries in which the Company operates have narrow
 profit margins, which may adversely affect the Company’s
 business.

 Profit margins in the grocery industry are very narrow. In order
 to increase or maintain the Company’s profit margins,
 strategies are used to reduce costs, such as productivity
 improvements, shrink reduction, distribution center
 efficiencies, energy efficiency programs and other similar
 strategies. Changes in product mix also may negatively affect
 certain financial measures. If the Company is unable to achieve
 forecasted cost reductions there may be an adverse effect on the
 Company’s business.

 If the Company is unable to comply with governmental
 regulations or if there are unfavorable changes in such
 government regulations, the Company’s financial condition
 and results of operations may be adversely affected.

 The Company’s businesses are subject to various federal,
 state and local laws, regulations and administrative practices.
 These laws require the Company to comply with numerous
 provisions regulating health and sanitation standards, equal
 employment opportunity, minimum wages and licensing for the sale
 of food, drugs and alcoholic beverages. The Company’s
 inability to timely obtain permits, comply with government
 regulations or make capital expenditures required to maintain
 compliance with governmental regulations may affect the
 Company’s ability to open new stores or expand existing
 facilities, which may adversely impact the Company’s
 business operations and prospects for future growth. In
 addition, the Company cannot predict the nature of future laws,
 regulations, interpretations or applications, nor can the
 Company determine the effect that additional governmental
 regulations or administrative orders, when and if promulgated,
 or disparate federal, state and local regulatory schemes would
 have on the Company’s future business. They may, however,
 impose additional requirements or restrictions on the products
 the Company sells or manner in which the Company operates its
 businesses. Any or all of such requirements may have an adverse
 effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of
 operations.

 If the number or severity of claims for which the Company is
 self-insured increases, or the Company is required to accrue or
 pay additional amounts because the claims prove to be more
 severe than the Company’s recorded liabilities, the
 Company’s financial condition and results of operations may
 be adversely affected.

 The Company uses a combination of insurance and self-insurance
 to provide for potential liabilities for workers’
 compensation, automobile and general liability, property
 insurance and employee healthcare benefits. The Company
 estimates the liabilities associated with the risks retained by
 the Company, in part, by considering historical claims
 experience, demographic and severity factors and other actuarial
 assumptions which, by their nature, are subject to a degree of
 variability. Any actuarial projection of losses concerning

 14

Table of Contents

 workers’ compensation and general and automobile liability
 is subject to a degree of variability. Among the causes of this
 variability are unpredictable external factors affecting future
 inflation rates, discount rates, litigation trends, legal
 interpretations, benefit level changes and actual claim
 settlement patterns.

 Some of the many sources of uncertainty in the Company’s
 reserve estimates include changes in benefit levels, medical fee
 schedules, medical utilization guidelines, vocation
 rehabilitation and apportionment. If the number or severity of
 claims for which the Company is self-insured increases, or the
 Company is required to accrue or pay additional amounts because
 the claims prove to be more severe than the Company’s
 original assessments, the Company’s financial condition and
 results of operations may be adversely affected.

 The Company’s policy is to discount its self-insurance
 liabilities at a risk-free interest rate, which is appropriate
 based on the Company’s ability to reliably estimate the
 amount and timing of cash payments. If, in the future, the
 Company were to experience significant volatility in the amount
 and timing of cash payments compared to the Company’s
 earlier estimates, the Company would assess whether it is
 appropriate to continue to discount these liabilities.

 Litigation may adversely affect the Company’s
 businesses, financial condition and results of operations.

 The Company’s businesses are subject to the risk of
 litigation by employees, consumers, suppliers, stockholders or
 others through private actions, class actions, administrative
 proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. The outcome
 of litigation, particularly class action lawsuits and regulatory
 actions, is difficult to assess or quantify. Plaintiffs in these
 types of lawsuits may seek recovery of very large or
 indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss
 relating to such lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial
 periods of time. The cost to defend future litigation may be
 significant. There may also be adverse publicity associated with
 litigation that may decrease consumer confidence in the
 Company’s businesses, regardless of whether the allegations
 are valid or whether the Company is ultimately found liable. As
 a result, litigation may adversely affect the Company’s
 businesses, financial condition and results of operations.

 Difficulties with the Company’s information technology
 systems may adversely affect the Company’s results of
 operations.

 The Company has complex information technology systems that are
 important to the operation of its businesses. The Company may
 encounter difficulties in developing new systems or maintaining
 and upgrading existing systems. Such difficulties may lead to
 significant expenses or losses due to disruption in business
 operations and, as a result, may adversely affect the
 Company’s results of operations.

 Threats or potential threats to security or the occurrence of
 a widespread health epidemic may adversely affect the
 Company’s financial condition and results of operations.

 The Company’s businesses may be severely impacted by
 wartime activities, threats or acts of terror or a widespread
 regional, national or global health epidemic, such as pandemic
 flu. Such activities, threats or epidemics may adversely impact
 the Company’s businesses by disrupting production and
 delivery of products to its stores or to its independent retail
 customers, by affecting the Company’s ability to
 appropriately staff its stores and by causing customers to avoid
 public gathering places or otherwise change their shopping
 behaviors.

 Additionally, data theft, information espionage or other
 criminal activity directed at the grocery or drug store
 industry, the transportation industry, or computer or
 communications systems may adversely affect the Company’s
 businesses by causing the Company to implement costly security
 measures in recognition of actual or potential threats, by
 requiring the Company to expend significant time and expense
 developing, maintaining or upgrading its information technology
 systems and by causing the Company to incur significant costs to
 reimburse third parties for damages. Such activities may also
 adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and
 results of operations by reducing consumer confidence in the
 marketplace and by modifying consumer spending habits.

 Severe weather, natural disasters and adverse climate changes
 may adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and
 results of operations.

 Severe weather conditions such as hurricanes, earthquakes or
 tornadoes, as well as other natural disasters, in areas in which
 the Company has stores or distribution facilities or from which
 the Company obtains products

 15

Table of Contents

 may adversely affect the Company’s results of operations.
 Such conditions may cause physical damage to the Company’s