Various risks and uncertainties may affect the Company’s
 business. Any of the risks described below or elsewhere in this
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 or the Company’s other SEC filings may have a material
 impact on the Company’s business, financial condition or
 results of operations.

 Current
 economic conditions

 The global economy and financial markets have experienced
 volatility in recent years due to uncertainties related to
 energy costs, availability of credit, difficulties in the
 banking and financial sectors, the decline in the housing
 market, falling consumer confidence and rising unemployment
 rates. These factors have all contributed to the decline in
 consumer spending and to consumers trading down to a less
 expensive mix of products or to consumers trading down to
 discounters for grocery items. In addition, in fiscal 2011, the
 Company experienced low levels of inflation. In this uncertain
 economy, it is difficult to forecast whether fiscal 2012 will be
 a period of inflation or deflation. Food deflation could reduce
 sales growth and earnings, while food inflation, combined with
 reduced consumer spending, could reduce gross profit margins. If
 these consumer spending patterns continue or worsen, along with
 an ongoing soft economy, the Company’s financial condition
 and results of operations may be adversely affected.

 Execution
 of initiatives

 The Company is positioned in the retail food industry as the
 only traditional food retailer with multiple formats and
 ownership models that can be used to address differing customer
 needs across the United States. Management believes that this
 diversity of
 go-to-market
 options differentiates the Company and is part of its vision of
 becoming “America’s Neighborhood Grocer.” The
 Company has launched certain business transformation initiatives
 to achieve this vision of enhanced performance through greater
 focus on the customer, driving increased sales and reducing its
 overall cost structure. The Company plans to increase the number
 of hard-discount stores and to reinvest in its existing store
 base through remodels and merchandising initiatives tailored to
 the unique needs of each particular store’s neighborhood.
 If the Company is unable to execute on these initiatives, the
 Company’s financial condition and results of operations may
 be adversely affected.

 Competition
 in the Retail food and Supply chain services
 businesses

 The Company’s Retail food business faces competition for
 customers, employees, store sites, products and in other
 important areas from traditional grocery retailers, including
 regional and national chains and independent

 10

Table of Contents

 food store operators, and non-traditional retailers, such as
 supercenters, membership warehouse clubs, specialty
 supermarkets, drug stores, discount stores, dollar stores,
 convenience stores and restaurants. The Company’s ability
 to attract customers in this business is dependent, in large
 part, upon a combination of price, quality, assortment, brand
 recognition, store location, in-store marketing and
 merchandising, promotional strategies and continued growth into
 new markets. In addition, the nature and extent to which our
 competitors implement various pricing and promotional activities
 in response to increasing competition and the Company’s
 response to these competitive actions, can adversely affect
 profitability. The Company’s Supply chain services business
 is primarily wholesale distribution, which competes with
 traditional grocery wholesalers on the basis of price, quality,
 assortment, schedule and reliability of deliveries, service fees
 and distribution facility locations.

 Competitive pressures on the Company’s Retail food and
 Supply chain services businesses may cause the Company to
 experience: (i) reductions in the prices at which the
 Company is able to sell products at its retail locations or to
 its independent retail customers, (ii) decreases in sales
 volume due to increased difficulty in selling the Company’s
 products and (iii) difficulty in attracting and retaining
 customers. Any of these outcomes may adversely affect the
 Company’s financial condition and results of operations.

 Food and
 drug safety concerns and related unfavorable publicity

 There is increasing governmental scrutiny and public awareness
 regarding food and drug safety. The Company may be adversely
 affected if consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality
 of the Company’s food and drug products. Any events that
 give rise to actual or potential food contamination, drug
 contamination or food-borne illness may result in product
 liability claims and a loss of consumer confidence. In addition,
 adverse publicity about these types of concerns whether valid or
 not, may discourage consumers from buying the Company’s
 products or cause production and delivery disruptions, which may
 adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and
 results of operations.

 Substantial
 indebtedness

 The Company has, and expects to continue to have, a substantial
 amount of debt. The Company’s substantial indebtedness may
 increase the Company’s borrowing costs and decrease the
 Company’s business flexibility, making it more vulnerable
 to adverse economic conditions. For example, high levels of debt
 could:

 n     

 require the Company to use a
 substantial portion of its cash flow from operations for the
 payment of principal and interest on its indebtedness, thereby
 reducing the availability of cash flow to fund working capital,
 capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other purposes;

 n     

 limit the Company’s ability
 to obtain, or increase the cost at which the Company is able to
 obtain financing in order to refinance existing indebtedness and
 fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and
 other purposes; and

 n     

 limit the Company’s ability
 to adjust to changing business and market conditions placing the
 Company at a competitive disadvantage relative to its
 competitors that have less debt.

 There are various financial covenants and other restrictions in
 the Company’s debt instruments. If the Company fails to
 comply with any of these requirements, the related indebtedness
 (and other unrelated indebtedness) could become due and payable
 prior to its stated maturity and the Company may not be able to
 repay the indebtedness that becomes due. A default under the
 Company’s debt instruments may also significantly affect
 the Company’s ability to obtain additional or alternative
 financing.

 The Company’s ability to comply with the covenants or to
 refinance the Company’s obligations with respect to the
 Company’s indebtedness will depend on the Company’s
 operating and financial performance, which in turn is subject to
 prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business and
 other factors beyond the Company’s control. These
 conditions and factors may also negatively impact the
 Company’s debt ratings, which may increase the cost of
 borrowing, adversely affect the Company’s ability to access
 one or more financial markets or result in a default under the
 Company’s debt instruments.

 Any of these outcomes may adversely affect the Company’s
 financial condition and results of operations.

 11

Table of Contents

 Labor
 unions

 As of February 26, 2011, the Company is a party to 238
 collective bargaining agreements covering approximately 88,000
 of its employees, of which 59 collective bargaining agreements
 covering approximately 26,000 employees are scheduled to
 expire in fiscal 2012. These expiring agreements cover
 approximately 30 percent of the Company’s
 union-affiliated employees. In addition, during fiscal 2011, 37
 collective bargaining agreements covering approximately
 2,000 employees expired without their terms being
 renegotiated. Negotiations are expected to continue with the
 bargaining units representing the employees subject to those
 agreements. In future negotiations with labor unions, the
 Company expects that, among other issues, rising healthcare,
 pension and employee benefit costs will be important topics for
 negotiation. There can be no assurance that the Company will be
 able to negotiate the terms of expiring or expired agreements in
 a manner acceptable to the Company. Therefore, potential work
 disruptions from labor disputes may disrupt the Company’s
 businesses and adversely affect the Company’s financial
 condition and results of operations.

 Costs of
 employee benefits

 The Company provides health benefits and sponsors defined
 pension and other post-retirement plans for substantially all
 employees not participating in multi-employer health and pension
 plans. The Company’s costs to provide such benefits
 continue to increase annually and recent legislative and private
 sector initiatives regarding healthcare reform could result in
 significant changes to the U.S. healthcare system. The
 Company is not able at this time to determine the impact that
 healthcare reform could have on the Company-sponsored medical
 plans.

 In addition, the Company participates in various multi-employer
 health and pension plans for a majority of its union-affiliated
 employees, and the Company is required to make contributions to
 these plans in amounts established under collective bargaining
 agreements. The costs of providing benefits through such plans
 have escalated rapidly in recent years. The amount of any
 increase or decrease in the Company’s required
 contributions to these multi-employer plans will depend upon
 many factors, including the outcome of collective bargaining,
 actions taken by trustees who manage the plans, government
 regulations, the actual return on assets held in the plans and
 the potential payment of a withdrawal liability if the Company
 chooses to exit a market. Increases in the costs of benefits
 under these plans coupled with adverse stock market developments
 that have reduced the return on plan assets have caused some
 multi-employer plans in which the Company participates to be
 underfunded. The unfunded liabilities of these plans may result
 in increased future payments by the Company and the other
 participating employers. The Company’s risk of such
 increased payments may be greater if any of the participating
 employers in these underfunded plans withdraws from the plan due
 to insolvency and is not able to contribute an amount sufficient
 to fund the unfunded liabilities associated with its
 participants in the plan. The Great Atlantic & Pacific
 Tea Company (“A&P”) filed for bankruptcy on
 December 12, 2010, and is a participant in five
 multi-employer plans with the Company. Based on the information
 available to the Company the impact of the A&P bankruptcy
 on the Company’s future payments or unfunded liabilities is
 not currently probable or reasonably estimable.

 If the Company is unable to control healthcare and pension
 costs, the Company may experience increased operating costs,
 which may adversely affect the Company’s financial
 condition and results of operations.

 Governmental
 regulations

 The Company’s businesses are subject to various federal,
 state and local laws, regulations and administrative practices.
 These laws require the Company to comply with numerous
 provisions regulating health and sanitation standards, equal
 employment opportunity, minimum wages and licensing for the sale
 of food, drugs and alcoholic beverages. The Company’s
 inability to timely obtain permits, comply with government
 regulations or make capital expenditures required to maintain
 compliance with governmental regulations may adversely impact
 the Company’s business operations and prospects for future
 growth and its ability to participate in federal and state
 healthcare programs. In addition, the Company cannot predict the
 nature of future laws, regulations, interpretations or
 applications, nor can the Company determine the effect that
 additional governmental regulations or administrative orders,
 when and if promulgated, or disparate federal, state and local
 regulatory schemes would have on the Company’s future
 business. They may, however, impose additional requirements or
 restrictions on the products the

 12

Table of Contents

 Company sells or manner in which the Company operates its
 businesses. Any or all of such requirements may adversely affect
 the Company’s financial condition and results of operations.

 Insurance
 claims

 The Company uses a combination of insurance and self-insurance
 to provide for potential liabilities for workers’
 compensation, automobile and general liability, property
 insurance and employee healthcare benefits. The Company
 estimates the liabilities associated with the risks retained by
 the Company, in part, by considering historical claims
 experience, demographic and severity factors and other actuarial
 assumptions which, by their nature, are subject to a degree of
 variability. Any actuarial projection of losses concerning
 workers’ compensation and general and automobile liability
 is subject to a degree of variability. Among the causes of this
 variability are unpredictable external factors affecting future
 inflation rates, discount rates, litigation trends, legal
 interpretations, benefit level changes and actual claim
 settlement patterns.

 Some of the many sources of uncertainty in the Company’s
 reserve estimates include changes in benefit levels, medical fee
 schedules, medical utilization guidelines, vocation
 rehabilitation and apportionment. If the number or severity of
 claims for which the Company is self-insured increases, or the
 Company is required to accrue or pay additional amounts because
 the claims prove to be more severe than the Company’s
 original assessments, the Company’s financial condition and
 results of operations may be adversely affected.

 Litigation

 The Company’s businesses are subject to the risk of
 litigation by employees, consumers, suppliers, stockholders or
 others through private actions, class actions, administrative
 proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. The outcome
 of litigation, particularly class action lawsuits and regulatory
 actions, is difficult to assess or quantify. Plaintiffs in these
 types of lawsuits may seek recovery of very large or
 indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss
 relating to such lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial
 periods of time. The cost to defend future litigation may be
 significant. There may also be adverse publicity associated with
 litigation that may decrease consumer confidence in the
 Company’s businesses, regardless of whether the allegations
 are valid or whether the Company is ultimately found liable. As
 a result, litigation may adversely affect the Company’s
 financial condition and results of operations.

 Information
 technology systems

 The Company has complex information technology systems that are
 important to the operation of its businesses. The Company may
 encounter difficulties in developing new systems or maintaining
 and upgrading existing systems. Such difficulties may lead to
 significant expenses or losses due to disruption in business
 operations and, as a result, may adversely affect the
 Company’s financial condition and results of operations.

 Additionally, data theft, information espionage or other
 criminal activity directed at the grocery or drug store
 industry, the transportation industry, or computer or
 communications systems may adversely affect the Company’s
 businesses by causing the Company to implement costly security
 measures in recognition of actual or potential threats, by
 requiring the Company to expend significant time and expense
 developing, maintaining or upgrading its information technology
 systems and by causing the Company to incur significant costs to
 reimburse third parties for damages. Such activities may also
 adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and
 results of operations by reducing consumer confidence in the
 marketplace and by modifying consumer spending habits.

 Weather
 and natural disasters

 Severe weather conditions such as hurricanes, earthquakes or
 tornadoes, as well as other natural disasters, in areas in which
 the Company has stores or distribution facilities or from which
 the Company obtains products may cause physical damage to the
 Company’s properties, closure of one or more of the
 Company’s stores or distribution facilities, lack of an
 adequate work force in a market, temporary disruption in the
 supply of products, disruption in the transport of goods, delays
 in the delivery of goods to the Company’s distribution
 centers or stores and a reduction in the availability of
 products in the Company’s stores. In addition, adverse
 climate conditions and adverse weather patterns, such as drought
 or flood, that impact growing conditions and

 13

Table of Contents

 the quantity and quality of crops yielded by food producers may
 adversely affect the availability or cost of certain products
 within the grocery supply chain. Any of these factors may
 disrupt the Company’s businesses and adversely affect the
 Company’s financial condition and results of operations.

 Changes
 in accounting standards

 Accounting principles generally accepted in the Unites States of
 America (“accounting standards”) and interpretations
 by various governing bodies, including the SEC, for many aspects
 of the Company’s business, such as accounting for insurance
 and self-insurance, inventories, goodwill and intangible assets,
 store closures, leases, income taxes and stock-based
 compensation, are complex and involve subjective judgments.
 Changes in these rules or their interpretation may significantly
 change or add significant volatility to the Company’s
 reported earnings without a comparable underlying change in cash
 flow from operations. As a result, changes in accounting
 standards may materially impact the Company’s financial
 condition and results of operations.

 Impairment
 charges for goodwill or other intangible assets

 The Company is required to annually test goodwill and intangible
 assets with indefinite useful lives, including the goodwill
 associated with past acquisitions and any future acquisitions,
 to determine if impairment has occurred. Additionally, interim
 reviews must be performed whenever events or changes in
 circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. If the
 testing performed indicates that impairment has occurred, the
 Company is required to record a non-cash impairment charge for
 the difference between the carrying value of the goodwill or
 other intangible assets and the implied fair value of the
 goodwill or other intangible assets in the period the
 determination is made.

 The testing of goodwill and other intangible assets for
 impairment requires the Company to make significant estimates
 about its future performance and cash flows, as well as other
 assumptions. These estimates can be affected by numerous
 factors, including potential changes in economic, industry or
 market conditions, changes in business operations, changes in
 competition or changes in the Company’s stock price and
 market capitalization. Changes in these factors, or changes in
 actual performance compared with estimates of the Company’s
 future performance, may affect the fair value of goodwill or
 other intangible assets, which may result in an impairment
 charge. The Company cannot accurately predict the amount and
 timing of any impairment of assets. Should the value of goodwill
 or other intangible assets become impaired, the Company’s
 financial condition and results of operations may be adversely
 affected.