Various risks and uncertainties could affect the
Company’s business. Any of the risks described below or elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or the Company’s other SEC filings could have a material impact on the Company’s business, financial condition or results of
operations. 

General economic conditions, including increases in energy and commodity prices, that are largely out of the Company’s control may
adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. 

The Company’s Retail food and Supply chain services businesses
are sensitive to changes in general economic conditions, both nationally and locally. Recessionary economic cycles, higher interest rates, higher fuel and other energy costs, inflation, increases in commodity prices, higher levels of unemployment,
higher consumer debt levels, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws or other economic factors that may affect consumer spending or buying habits could adversely affect the demand for products the Company sells in its stores or distributes to
its retail customers. In addition, the Company could experience reduced traffic in its stores or stores that it supplies, or limitations on the prices the Company can charge for its products, either of which could reduce the Company’s sales and
profit margins and have a material adverse affect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. Also, economic factors such as those listed above and increased transportation costs, inflation, higher costs of labor, insurance
and healthcare, and changes in other laws and regulations may increase the Company’s cost of sales and the Company’s operating, selling, general and administrative expenses, and otherwise adversely affect the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company’s Retail food and Supply chain services businesses. 

The Company faces a high level of competition in the
Retail food and Supply chain services businesses, which could adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. 

The
industries in which the Company operates are extremely competitive with narrow profit margins. The Company’s Retail food business faces competition for customers, employees, store sites, products and other important areas from traditional
grocery retailers, including regional and national chains and independent food store operators, and non-traditional retailers, such as supercenters, membership warehouse clubs, combination food and pharmacy stores, limited assortment food stores,
specialty supermarkets, drug stores, discount stores, dollar stores, convenience stores and restaurants. The Company’s ability to attract customers in this business is dependent, in large part, upon a combination of product price, quality,
assortment, brand recognition, store location, in-store marketing and design, promotional strategies and continued growth into new markets. The Company’s Supply chain services business is primarily wholesale distribution and includes a
third-party logistics component. The distribution component of the Company’s Supply chain services business competes with traditional grocery wholesalers on the basis of product price, quality, assortment, schedule and reliability of
deliveries, service fees and distribution facility locations. The third-party logistics component of the Company’s Supply chain services business competes nationwide in a highly fragmented marketplace with a number of large international and
domestic companies and many smaller, regional companies on the basis of warehousing and transportation logistics expertise, cost and the ability to offer asset and non-asset based solutions and design and manage customer supply chains. Competitive
pressures on the Company’s Retail food and Supply chain services businesses may cause the Company to experience: (i) reductions in the prices at which the Company is able to 

8 

Table of Contents

sell products at its retail locations or to its distribution customers, (ii) decreases in sales volume due to increased difficulty in selling the
Company’s products and (iii) difficulty in attracting and retaining customers. Any of these outcomes could adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, the nature and extent of consolidation in the retail food and food distribution industries could affect the Company’s competitive position or that of
the Company’s distribution customers in the markets the Company serves. Although the retail food industry as a whole is highly fragmented, certain segments are currently undergoing some consolidation, which could result in increased competition
and significantly alter the dynamics of the retail food marketplace. Such consolidation may result in competitors with greatly improved financial resources, improved access to merchandise, greater market penetration and other improvements in their
competitive positions. Such business combinations could result in the provision of a wider variety of products and services at competitive prices by such consolidated companies, which could adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and
results of operations. 

Food and drug safety concerns and related unfavorable publicity may adversely affect the Company’s sales and results of
operations. 

There is increasing governmental scrutiny and public awareness regarding food and drug safety. The Company could be adversely affected if
consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality of the Company’s food and drug products. Any events that give rise to actual or potential food contamination, drug contamination or food-borne illness could result in product liability claims
and a loss of consumer confidence. In addition, adverse publicity about these types of concerns whether valid or not, may discourage consumers from buying the Company’s products or cause production and delivery disruptions, which could have an
adverse effect on the Company’s sales and results of operations. 

If the Company fails to realize the synergies from combining the Company’s
businesses with the businesses the Company acquired from Albertsons in a successful and timely manner, it may have an adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The Company may not be able to realize the synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects anticipated in connection with the Acquisition. The Company may
experience increased competition that limits the Company’s ability to expand its business, the Company may not be able to capitalize on expected business opportunities, including retaining the Company’s current customers, assumptions
underlying estimates of expected cost savings may be inaccurate or general industry and business conditions may deteriorate. In addition, combining certain of the Company’s operations with the Acquired Operations has required significant effort
and expense. Personnel have left and may continue to leave or be terminated because of the Acquisition. The Company’s management may have its attention diverted as it continues to combine certain operations of both companies. If these factors
limit the Company’s ability to combine such operations successfully or on a timely basis, the Company’s expectations of future results of operations, including certain cost savings and synergies expected to result from the Acquisition, may
not be met. If such difficulties are encountered or if such synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects are not realized, it may have an adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

The Company’s inability to open and remodel a significant number of stores as planned could have an adverse effect on the Company’s financial
condition and results of operations. 

In fiscal 2009, pursuant to the Company’s 2009 capital plan, the Company expects to complete 165 major store
remodels, and open approximately 15 new traditional supermarkets and 55 to 65 limited assortment food stores, including licensed stores. If, as a result of labor relations issues, supply issues or environmental and real estate delays, a significant
number of these capital projects do not stay reasonably within the time and financial budgets that the Company has forecasted, the Company’s financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Furthermore, the Company
cannot ensure that the new or remodeled stores will achieve anticipated results. As a result, the Company’s inability to open and remodel a significant number of stores as planned could have an adverse effect on the Company’s financial
condition and results of operations. 

9 

Table of Contents

The Company’s substantial indebtedness and lower credit rating could increase the Company’s borrowing costs,
decrease the Company’s business flexibility and adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. 

The Company
has, and expects to continue to have, a substantial amount of debt and a significantly lower debt coverage ratio as compared to what the Company had before the Acquisition. In addition, as a result of the Acquisition, the Company’s debt no
longer has an investment-grade rating. 

The Company’s level of indebtedness and the reduction of the its credit rating could have important
consequences to the operation of its businesses and could increase its vulnerability to general adverse economic conditions. For example, they may: 

•

 require the Company to use a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations for the payment of principal of, and interest on, its indebtedness, thereby
reducing the availability of the Company’s cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, development efforts and other general corporate purposes; 

•

 limit the Company’s ability to obtain, or increase the cost at which the Company is able to obtain, additional financing to fund working capital, capital
expenditures, additional acquisitions or general corporate requirements; and 

•

 limit the Company’s flexibility to adjust to changing business and market conditions and place the Company at a competitive disadvantage relative to its
competitors that have less debt. 

In addition, the Company’s ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance its obligations with
respect to its indebtedness will depend upon the Company’s operating and financial performance, which, in turn, is subject to prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors beyond the Company’s control. As a
result, the Company’s substantial indebtedness and lower credit rating could increase the Company’s borrowing costs, decrease the Company’s business flexibility and adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and results
of operations. 

The Company’s inability to successfully negotiate with labor unions or to maintain good labor relations may lead to labor disputes
and the disruption of the Company’s businesses, which may adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. 

A
large number of the Company’s employees are unionized, and the Company’s relationship with unions, including labor disputes or work stoppages, could affect the sale and distribution of the Company’s products and have an adverse impact
on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. As of February 23, 2008, the Company is a party to approximately 280 collective bargaining agreements covering approximately 120,000 of its employees, of which 99 covering
approximately 33,400 employees are scheduled to expire in 2009. These expiring agreements cover approximately 28 percent of the Company’s union-affiliated employees. In future negotiations with labor unions, the Company expects that, among
other issues, rising health care, pension and employee benefit costs will be important topics for negotiation. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to negotiate the terms of any expiring or expired agreement in a manner acceptable
to the Company. Therefore, potential work disruptions from labor disputes could result, which may disrupt the Company’s businesses and adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. 

Escalating costs of providing employee benefits may adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. 

The Company provides health benefits to and sponsors defined pension and other post-retirement plans for substantially all employees not participating in multi-employer
health and pension plans. The Company’s costs to provide such benefits continue to increase annually. In addition, the Company participates in various multi- employer health and pension plans for a majority of its unionized employees, and the
Company is required to make contributions to these plans in amounts established under collective bargaining agreements. The costs of 

10 

Table of Contents

providing benefits through such plans have escalated rapidly in recent years and contributions to these plans may continue to create collective bargaining
challenges. The amount of any increase or decrease in the Company’s required contributions to these multi-employer plans will depend upon many factors, including the outcome of collective bargaining, actions taken by trustees who manage the
plans, government regulations, the actual return on assets held in the plans and the potential payment of a withdrawal liability if the Company chooses to exit a market. Increases in the costs of benefits under these plans coupled with adverse stock
market developments that have reduced the return on plan assets have caused some multi-employer plans in which the Company participates to be underfunded. The unfunded liabilities of these plans may result in increased future payments by the Company
and the other participating employers, including costs that may arise with respect to any potential litigation or that may cause the acceleration of payments to fund any underfunded plan. The Company’s risk of such increased payments may be
greater if any of the participating employers in these underfunded plans withdraws from the plan due to insolvency and is not able to contribute an amount sufficient to fund the unfunded liabilities associated with its participants of the plan. If
the Company is unable to control health care and pension costs, the Company may experience increased operating costs, which may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. 

If the Company is unable to comply with governmental regulations or if there are unfavorable changes in such government regulations, the Company’s financial
condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

The Company’s businesses are subject to various federal, state and local laws,
regulations and administrative practices. These laws require the Company to comply with numerous provisions regulating health and sanitation standards, equal employment opportunity, minimum wages and licensing for the sale of food, drugs and
alcoholic beverages. The Company’s inability to timely obtain permits, comply with government regulations or make capital expenditures required to maintain compliance with governmental regulations may affect the Company’s ability to open
new stores or expand existing facilities, which could adversely impact the Company’s business operations and prospects for future growth. In addition, the Company cannot predict the nature of future laws, regulations, interpretations or
applications, nor can the Company determine the effect that additional governmental regulations or administrative orders, when and if promulgated, or disparate federal, state and local regulatory schemes would have on the Company’s future
business. They could, however, impose additional requirements or restrictions on the products the Company sells or manner in which the Company operates its businesses. Any or all of such requirements could have an adverse effect on the
Company’s financial condition and results of operations. 

If the number or severity of claims for which the Company is self-insured increases, or
the Company is required to accrue or pay additional amounts because the claims prove to be more severe than the Company’s recorded liabilities, the Company’s financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

The Company uses a combination of insurance and self-insurance to provide for potential liabilities for workers’ compensation, automobile and general
liability, property insurance and employee health care benefits. The Company estimates the liabilities associated with the risks retained by the Company, in part, by considering historical claims experience, demographic and severity factors and
other actuarial assumptions which, by their nature, are subject to a degree of variability. Any actuarial projection of losses concerning workers’ compensation and general and automobile liability is subject to a degree of variability. Among
the causes of this variability are unpredictable external factors affecting future inflation rates, discount rates, litigation trends, legal interpretations, benefit level changes and actual claim settlement patterns. 

Some of the many sources of uncertainty in the Company’s reserve estimates include changes in benefit levels, medical fee schedules, medical utilization guidelines,
vocation rehabilitation and apportionment. If the number or severity of claims for which the Company is self-insured increases, or the Company is required to accrue or pay additional amounts because the claims prove to be more severe than the
Company’s recorded liabilities, the Company’s financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

11 

Table of Contents

The Company’s policy is to discount its self-insurance liabilities at a risk-free interest rate, which is
appropriate based on the Company’s ability to reliably estimate the amount and timing of cash payments. If, in the future, the Company were to experience significant volatility in the amount and timing of cash payments compared to the
Company’s earlier estimates, the Company would assess whether it is appropriate to continue to discount these liabilities. 

Litigation may
adversely affect the Company’s businesses, financial condition and results of operations. 

The Company’s businesses are subject to the risk of
litigation by employees, consumers, suppliers, stockholders or others through private actions, class actions, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. The outcome of litigation, particularly class action lawsuits and
regulatory actions, is difficult to assess or quantify. Plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to such lawsuits may remain unknown for
substantial periods of time. The cost to defend future litigation may be significant. There may also be adverse publicity associated with litigation that could decrease consumer confidence in the Company’s businesses, regardless of whether the
allegations are valid or whether the Company is ultimately found liable. As a result, litigation may adversely affect the Company’s businesses, financial condition and results of operations. 

Difficulties with the Company’s information technology systems could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations. 

The Company has complex information technology systems that are important to the operation of its businesses. The Company could encounter difficulties in developing new
systems or maintaining and upgrading existing systems. Such difficulties could lead to significant expenses or losses due to disruption in business operations and, as a result, could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations.

Threats or potential threats to security or the occurrence of a widespread health epidemic may adversely affect the Company’s financial condition
and results of operations. 

The Company’s businesses could be severely impacted by wartime activities, threats or acts of terror or a widespread
regional, national or global health epidemic, such as pandemic flu. Such activities, threats or epidemics may adversely impact the Company’s businesses by disrupting production and delivery of products to its stores or to its distribution
customers, by affecting the Company’s ability to appropriately staff its stores and by causing customers to avoid public gathering places or otherwise change their shopping behaviors. 

Additionally, data theft, information espionage or other criminal activity directed at the grocery or drug store industry, the transportation industry, or computer or
communications systems may adversely affect the Company’s businesses by causing the Company to implement costly security measures in recognition of actual or potential threats, by requiring the Company to expend significant time and expense
developing, maintaining or upgrading its information technology systems and by causing the Company to incur significant costs to reimburse third parties for damages. Such activities may also adversely affect the Company’s financial condition
and results of operations by reducing consumer confidence in the marketplace and by modifying consumer spending habits. 

Severe weather, natural
disasters and adverse climate changes could adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. 

Severe weather
conditions such as hurricanes, earthquakes or tornadoes, as well as other natural disasters, in areas in which the Company has stores or distribution facilities or from which the Company obtains products could adversely affect the Company’s
results of operations. Such conditions could cause physical damage to the Company’s properties, closure of one or more of the Company’s stores or distribution facilities, lack of an adequate work force in a market, temporary disruption in
the supply of products, disruption in the transport of 

12 

Table of Contents

goods, delays in the delivery of goods to the Company’s distribution centers or stores and a reduction in the availability of products in the
Company’s stores. In addition, adverse climate conditions and adverse weather patterns, such as drought or flood, that impact growing conditions and the quantity and quality of crops yielded by food producers may adversely affect the
availability or cost of certain products within the grocery supply chain. Any of these factors could disrupt the Company’s businesses and adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. 

The obligation to provide transition support services to the purchasers of the non-core supermarket business of Albertsons could adversely affect the Company’s
results of operations. 

In connection with the Acquisition, the Company entered into a Transition Services Agreement (“TSA”) with the
purchaser of the non-core supermarket business of Albertsons. That agreement is structured to provide the Company payments from the purchaser to cover the historical costs of providing support services to the operations. There is no assurance that
the payments will be sufficient to cover the Company’s costs of providing the services or that the Company will be able to reduce its costs as fast as those payments may decrease during the term of the TSA. The Company’s management may
have its attention diverted while trying to provide the services required by the TSA and the TSA may otherwise limit the Company’s ability to achieve the synergies and other cost savings anticipated in the Acquisition. Disputes in connection
with the TSA could lead to reductions in the payments due to the Company under the agreement or unanticipated costs that could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations. 

Changes in accounting standards could materially impact the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. 

Generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines, and interpretations for many aspects of the Company’s business, such as accounting for insurance and self-insurance,
inventories, goodwill and intangible assets, store closures, leases, income taxes and stock-based compensation, are complex and involve subjective judgments. Changes in these rules or their interpretation could significantly change or add
significant volatility to the Company’s reported earnings without a comparable underlying change in cash flow from operations. As a result, changes in accounting standards could materially impact the Company’s financial condition and
results of operations.