In addition to the other information included in this Form 10-K,
the following risk factors should be considered in evaluating our business and
future prospects.  The risk factors described below represent what we
believe are the most significant risk factors with respect to us and our
business.  In assessing the risks relating to our business, investors
should also read the other information included in this Form 10-K, including our
financial statements and the related notes and “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation – Cautionary Statement
about Forward-Looking Statements.”

Natural gas and
oil prices are volatile.  Volatility in natural gas and oil prices can
adversely affect our results and the price of our common stock.  This
volatility also makes valuation of natural gas and oil producing properties
difficult and can disrupt markets.

Natural gas and oil prices have historically been, and are likely
to continue to be, volatile.  The prices for natural gas and oil are
subject to wide fluctuation in response to a number of factors, including:

·

relatively minor changes in the supply of and demand for natural
gas and oil;

·

market uncertainty;

·

worldwide economic conditions;

·

weather conditions;

·

import prices;

·

political conditions in major oil producing regions, especially
the Middle East; 

·

actions taken by OPEC;  

20
SWN

Table
of Contents

·

competition from other sources of energy; and

·

economic, political and regulatory developments.

Historically we have also experienced price volatility as a result
of locational differentials for our production from the Arkoma Basin and East
Texas which may widen due to pipeline or other constraints. Price volatility
makes it difficult to budget and project the return on exploration and
development projects involving our natural gas and oil properties and to
estimate with precision the value of producing properties that we may own or
propose to acquire.  In addition, unusually volatile prices often disrupt
the market for natural gas and oil properties, as buyers and sellers have more
difficulty agreeing on the purchase price of properties.  Our results of
operations may fluctuate significantly as a result of, among other things,
variations in natural gas and oil prices and production performance.  In
recent years, natural gas and oil price volatility has become increasingly
severe.  

A substantial
or extended decline in natural gas and oil prices would have a material adverse
affect on us.

In the first half of 2008, natural gas and oil prices were at or
near their highest historical levels but subsequently natural gas and oil prices
declined significantly.  A continued or extended decline in natural gas and
oil prices would have a material adverse effect on our financial position, our
results of operations, our access to capital and the quantities of natural gas
and oil that may be economically produced by us.  A significant decrease in
price levels for an extended period would negatively affect us in several ways
including:

·

our cash flow would be reduced, decreasing funds available for
capital investments employed to replace reserves or increase production;

·

certain reserves would no longer be economic to produce, leading
to both lower proved reserves and cash flow; and

·

access to other sources of capital, such as equity or long-term
debt markets, could be severely limited or unavailable.

Consequently, our
revenues and profitability would suffer.

Lower natural
gas and oil prices may cause us to record ceiling test write-downs.

We use the full cost method of accounting for our natural gas and
oil operations.  Accordingly, we capitalize the cost to acquire, explore
for and develop natural gas and oil properties.  Under the full cost
accounting rules of the SEC, the capitalized costs of natural gas and oil