We wish to caution you that there are risks and uncertainties that could affect our business. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risks described below and elsewhere in this report, particularly in “Forward-Looking Statements.” The following is not intended to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties, as it is not possible to predict or identify all risk factors.

Competitive Industry Conditions  
We face strong competition from traditional grocery retailers, non-traditional competitors such as supercenters and club stores, as well as from specialty and niche supermarkets, drug stores, dollar stores, convenience stores and restaurants. Increased competition may have an adverse effect on profitability as the result of lower sales, lower gross profits and/or greater operating costs.

Our ability to attract customers is dependent, in large part, upon a combination of location, quality, price, service, selection and condition of assets. In each of these areas, traditional and non-traditional competitors compete with us and may successfully attract our customers to their stores by aggressively matching or exceeding what we offer. In recent years, many of our competitors have increased their presence in our markets. Our responses to competitive pressure, such as additional promotions and increased advertising, could adversely affect our profitability. We cannot guarantee that our actions will succeed in gaining or maintaining market share. Additionally, we cannot predict how our customers will react to the entrance of certain non-traditional competitors into the grocery retailing business.

Because we face intense competition, we need to anticipate and respond to changing consumer demands more effectively than our competitors. We strive to achieve and maintain favorable recognition of our unique private-label brands, effectively market our products to consumers, competitively price our products and maintain and enhance a perception of value for consumers. Finally, we need to source and market our merchandise efficiently and creatively. Failure to accomplish these objectives could impair our ability to compete successfully and adversely affect our growth and profitability.

Labor Relations  
A significant majority of our employees are unionized, and our relationship with unions, including labor disputes or work stoppages, could have an adverse impact on our financial results.  We are a party to almost 400 collective bargaining agreements, of which 94 are scheduled to expire in 
2014
.  These expiring agreements cover approximately 53% of our union-affiliated employees, primarily the United Food and Commercial Workers union contracts in two of our largest divisions, Northern California and Vons.  In future negotiations with labor unions, we expect that health care, pension and wage costs, among other issues, will be important topics for negotiation.  If, upon the expiration of such collective bargaining agreements, we are unable to negotiate acceptable contracts with labor unions, it could result in strikes by the affected workers and thereby significantly disrupt our operations.  Further, if we are unable to control health care and pension costs provided for in the collective bargaining agreements, we may experience increased operating costs and an adverse impact on future results of operations.

Profit Margins  
Profit margins in the grocery retail industry are narrow.  In order to increase or maintain our profit margins, we develop strategies to increase revenues, reduce costs and increase gross margins, such as new marketing programs, new advertising campaigns, productivity improvements, shrink reduction, distribution center efficiencies, energy efficiency programs and other similar strategies.  Our failure to achieve forecasted cost reductions, revenue growth or gross margin improvement across the Company could have a material adverse effect on our business.  Changes in our product mix also may negatively affect certain financial measures.

Opening and Remodeling Stores  
Failure to open and remodel stores as planned could have a material adverse effect on our results. If, as a result of labor relations issues, supply issues or environmental and real estate delays, or other reasons, these capital projects do not stay within the time and financial budgets we have forecasted, our future financial performance could be materially adversely affected. Furthermore, we cannot ensure that the new or remodeled stores will achieve anticipated same-store sales or profit levels.

11

Table of Contents

SAFEWAY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Food Safety, Quality and Health Concerns  
We could be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain food products. Adverse publicity about these types of concerns, whether valid or not, may discourage consumers from buying our products or cause production and delivery disruptions. The real or perceived sale of contaminated food products by us could result in product liability claims, a loss of consumer confidence and product recalls, which could have a material adverse effect on our sales and operations.

Current Economic Conditions  
Our operations and financial performance are affected by economic conditions. While economic conditions have recently improved, there is continued uncertainty about the strength of the economic recovery. If the current economic situation does not continue to improve or if it weakens, consumers may reduce spending, trade down to a less expensive mix of products or trade down to discounters for grocery items, all of which could impact our sales growth. Higher fuel prices could also dampen overall consumer demand. We are unable to predict with certainty if the economy of the United States will continue to improve or the rate at which it will improve. If the economy does not continue to improve or if it weakens, Safeway’s business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.

Future Growth of Blackhawk  
Blackhawk’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results could differ materially from Blackhawk’s targeted earnings growth. There is no assurance that Blackhawk will continue to grow at the same rate as it has in the past. Some of the specific risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following:

•

Blackhawk’s operating revenues may decline if it loses one or more of its top distribution partners or fails to attract new distribution partners to its network.

•

Blackhawk relies on its content providers for its product and service offerings, and the loss of one or more of its top content providers or a decline in demand for their products, or Blackhawk’s failure to maintain existing exclusivity arrangements with content providers or to attract new content providers to its network, could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 

•

Blackhawk relies on relationships with card issuing banks for services related to products for which it acts as program manager, and its business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected if it fails to maintain these relationships or if it maintains them under new terms that are less favorable to Blackhawk. 

•

Blackhawk operates in a highly and increasingly regulated environment, and failure by Blackhawk or the businesses that participate in its distribution network to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including anti-money laundering, consumer protection, federal banking and state unclaimed property and tax laws and regulations, could have a material adverse effect on Blackhawk’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

•

Due to seasonal fluctuations in Blackhawk’s business, adverse events that occur during the second or fourth fiscal quarter could have a disproportionate effect on its results of operations and financial condition. 

•

Changes in card association rules or standards set by Visa, MasterCard and others, or changes in card association and debit network fees or products or interchange rates, could materially and adversely affect Blackhawk’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

•

Recent and future acquisitions or investments could disrupt Blackhawk’s business and harm its financial condition. In the fourth quarter of 2013, Blackhawk acquired InteliSpend Prepaid Solutions TM, a leader in the corporate incentives and consumer promotions marketplace, and Retailo AG, a leading third-party gift card distribution network in Germany, Austria and Switzerland.

We recently announced our decision to distribute the remaining 37.8 million shares of Blackhawk common stock that we own to our stockholders as discussed elsewhere in this report.

12

Table of Contents

SAFEWAY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

New Business Initiatives and Strategies

The introduction, implementation, success and timing of new business initiatives and strategies, including but not limited to, initiatives to increase revenue, develop real estate or enter into new areas of business may be less successful or may be different than anticipated, which could adversely affect our business.

Strategic Initiatives 
We recently announced certain strategic initiatives, including our decision to distribute the remaining 37.8 million shares of Blackhawk common stock that we own to our stockholders and our intention to explore alternatives to monetize our investment in Casa Ley. The timing and details of the proposed distribution of the Blackhawk shares will be determined in the near future. There also can be no assurance whether we will be able to sell our interest in Casa Ley at a price and on terms that we find acceptable. We also recently announced that we are in discussions concerning a possible transaction involving the sale of the Company. There can be no assurance that these discussions will lead to an agreement or a completed transaction.

Pension and Post-Retirement Benefit Plans  
We maintain defined benefit retirement plans for substantially all employees not participating in multiemployer pension plans.  The funded status of these plans (the difference between the fair value of the plan assets and the projected benefit obligation) is a significant factor in determining annual pension expense and cash contributions to fund the plans.  The decline in the financial markets during 2008 resulted in a substantial reduction in the fair value of the retirement plan assets.  As a result, cash contributions to U.S. pension and post-retirement plans increased from $7.1 million in 
2010
 to 
$151.2 million
 in 
2011
. In recent years, cash contributions have declined due to improved market conditions and the impact of the Pension Funding Stabilization legislation, which increased the discount rate used to determine pension funding. However, If financial markets do not continue to improve or if financial markets decline, increased pension expense and cash contributions may have an adverse impact on our financial results.

In addition, we participate in various multiemployer pension plans for substantially all employees represented by unions. We are required to make contributions to these plans in amounts established under collective bargaining agreements. Under the Pension Protection Act of 2006 (“PPA”), contributions in addition to those made pursuant to a collective bargaining agreement may be required in limited circumstances in the form of a surcharge that is equal to 5% of the contributions due in the first year and 10% each year thereafter until the applicable bargaining agreement expires. If surcharges are required, many of our bargaining agreements provide for an offset against contribution amounts otherwise required under those agreements.

Pension expense for multiemployer pension plans is recognized as contributions are made. Benefits generally are based on a fixed amount for each year of service.  We contributed 
$259.2 million
, 
$248.7 million
 and 
$238.2 million
 to these plans in 
2013
, 
2012
 and 
2011
, respectively, excluding Canadian operations and Dominick's.  Based on the most recent information available to us, a number of these multiemployer plans are underfunded.  As a result, contributions to these plans may increase.  The amount of any increase or decrease in our required contributions to these multiemployer pension plans will depend upon the outcome of collective bargaining, actions taken by trustees who manage the plans, government regulations, the actual return on assets held in the plans and the potential payment of a withdrawal liability if we choose to exit a market, among other factors. Additionally, the benefit levels and related issues will continue to create collective bargaining challenges.  Under current law, an employer that withdraws or partially withdraws from a multiemployer pension plan may incur withdrawal liability, which is related to the portion of the plan's underfunding, if any, that is allocable to the withdrawing employer under very complex actuarial and allocation rules.  Multiemployer pension legislation passed in 2006, 2008, and 2010 will continue to apply to the funds in which we participate, which may have an impact on future pension contributions.

Substantial Indebtedness
  We currently have, and expect to continue to have, a significant amount of debt, which could adversely affect our financial health. As of 
December 28, 2013
, we had approximately $
4.2 billion
 in total consolidated debt outstanding, including capital lease obligations. This substantial indebtedness could increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions. If debt 

13

Table of Contents

SAFEWAY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

markets do not permit us to refinance certain maturing debt: (i) we may be required to dedicate an unplanned portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, dividends on common stock, stock repurchases, acquisitions, development efforts and other general corporate purposes; (ii) our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business may be limited; (iii) we might be placed at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors that have less debt; and (iv) we may be limited by the financial and other restrictive covenants in the documents governing our indebtedness. Changes in our credit ratings may have an adverse impact on our financing costs and structure in future periods, such as higher interest costs on future financings and our ability to participate in the commercial paper market. Additionally, interest expense could be materially and adversely affected by increases in interest rates, increases in the amount of outstanding debt, decisions to incur premiums on the early redemption of debt and any other factor that results in an increase in debt.

Unfavorable Changes in Government Regulation  
Our stores are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations and administrative practices that affect our business. We must comply with numerous provisions regulating health and sanitation standards, food labeling, energy, equal employment opportunity, minimum wages and licensing for the sale of food, drugs and alcoholic beverages. We cannot predict either the nature of future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, or the effect either additional government regulations or administrative orders, when and if promulgated, or disparate federal, state, local and foreign regulatory schemes would have on our future business. They could, however, require the reformulation of certain products to meet new standards, the recall or discontinuance of certain products not able to be reformulated, additional record keeping, expanded documentation of the properties of certain products, expanded or different labeling and/or scientific substantiation. Any or all of such requirements could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

Legal Proceedings  
From time to time, we are a party to legal proceedings, including matters involving personnel and employment issues, personal injury, antitrust claims, intellectual property claims and other proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. In

addition, there is an increasing number of cases being filed against companies generally, which contain class-action allegations under federal and state wage and hour laws. We estimate our exposure to these legal proceedings and establish reserves for the estimated liabilities. Assessing and predicting the outcome of these matters involves substantial uncertainties. Although not currently anticipated by management, unexpected outcomes in these legal proceedings, or changes in management’s evaluations or predictions, could have a material adverse impact on our financial results.

Information Technology Risks
  We have large, complex information technology systems that are important to the successful operation of our business operations and marketing initiatives. If we were to experience difficulties accessing data stored in these systems, or in maintaining, expanding or upgrading existing systems or implementing new systems, we could incur significant losses due to disruptions in our systems and business. 

Additionally, we gather and retain personal information that customers provide to us. We also receive and store personal information in connection with our human resources organization. Despite our considerable efforts to secure our computer network, security could be compromised, confidential information could be misappropriated or system disruptions could occur. This could cause significant damage to our reputation, affect our relationships with our customers and employees and lead to claims against us.

As a merchant who accepts debit and credit cards for payment, we are subject to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (“PCI DSS”), issued by the PCI Council. PCI DSS contains compliance guidelines and standards with regard to our security surrounding the physical and electronic storage, processing and transmission of individual cardholder data. By accepting debit cards for payment, we are also subject to compliance with American National Standards Institute data encryption standards, and payment network security operating guidelines. We currently comply with PCI DSS version 2.0; however, we are required to comply with the new PCI DSS version 3.0 by January 1, 2015. Despite our compliance with these standards and other information security measures, we cannot be certain that all of our IT systems are able to prevent, contain or detect any cyber-attacks or security breaches from known malware or malware that may be 

14

Table of Contents

SAFEWAY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

developed in the future. To the extent that any disruption results in the loss, damage or misappropriation of information, we may be adversely affected by claims from customers, financial institutions, regulatory authorities, payment card associations and others. In addition, the cost of complying with stricter privacy and information security laws and standards, including PCI DSS version 3.0 could be significant to us.

Insurance Plan Claims  
We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance to provide for potential liabilities for workers’ compensation, automobile and general liability, property risk (including earthquake coverage), director and officers’ liability, employment practices liability, cyber risks, terrorism and employee health care benefits.  We estimate the liabilities associated with the risks retained by us, in part, by considering historical claims experience, demographic and severity factors and other actuarial assumptions which, by their nature, are subject to a high degree of variability.  Among the causes of this variability are unpredictable external factors affecting future inflation rates, discount rates, litigation trends, legal interpretations, benefit level changes and claim settlement patterns.

The majority of our workers’ compensation liability is from claims occurring in California.  California workers’ compensation has received intense scrutiny from the state’s politicians, insurers, employers and providers, as well as the public in general.  Recent years have seen escalation in the number of legislative reforms, judicial rulings and social phenomena affecting our business.  Some of the many sources of uncertainty in our reserve estimates include changes in benefit levels, medical fee schedules, medical utilization guidelines and apportionment.  Reversals of reforms by legislation or judicial action could have a material adverse impact on our financial results.

Leadership Development and Succession Planning
  The training and development of our future leaders is important to our long-term growth.  We rely on the experience of our senior management, who have specific knowledge of our business and industry that is difficult to replace.  If we are unable to attract and retain highly-qualified senior management, our business may be adversely affected. Effective succession planning is also important to our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution. 

Stockholder Rights Plan  
In September 2013, we adopted a 
one
-year stockholder rights plan. Under the plan, 
one
 preferred stock purchase right was distributed for each share of common stock held by stockholders of record on September 30, 2013. Under certain circumstances, the rights will become exercisable and each right will entitle stockholders to buy one one-thousandth of a share of our Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock at an exercise price of 
$100
. In general, the rights become exercisable at the close of business on the tenth business day following (i) public announcement that a person or group acquired 10% (15% in the case of a passive institutional investor) or more of our common stock or (ii) commencement or announcement of a tender offer for 10% (15% in the case of a passive institutional investor) or more of our common stock. Our Board of Directors is entitled to redeem the rights at 
$0.01
 per right at any time before a person or group has acquired 
10%
 or more (
15%
 or more in the case of a passive institutional investor) of the outstanding common stock. The rights will expire on September 15, 2014, subject to our right to extend such date, unless earlier redeemed or exchanged by us or terminated.

The stockholder rights plan is designed to deter coercive takeover tactics and to prevent an acquirer from gaining control of the Company without offering a fair price to all of our stockholders. The plan is intended to accomplish these objectives by encouraging a potential acquirer to negotiate with our Board of Directors to have the rights redeemed or the plan amended prior to such party exceeding the ownership thresholds set forth in the plan. The existence of the stockholder rights plan and the rights of holders of any other shares of preferred stock that may be issued in the future, however, could have the effect of making it more difficult

for a third party to acquire a majority of our outstanding common stock, and thereby adversely affect the price of our common stock.

Canada Safeway Limited
  In the fourth quarter of 2013, the Company received cash proceeds of 
CAD5.8 billion
 from the sale of substantially all of the net assets of our Canadian operations. If the Company does 

15

Table of Contents

SAFEWAY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

not reach a definitive agreement related to the potential transaction involving the Company, it intends to pay down additional debt, buy back additional stock and invest in growth opportunities with the remainder of these proceeds.  Stock market conditions, the market value of our common stock and other factors may affect our ability to continue to effect repurchases of our common stock, including the amount and timing of any such stock repurchases.  Failure to find growth opportunities to use the proceeds from this sale of the net assets could adversely affect our financial results. 

Additionally, this transaction increases our concentration of retail stores to certain geographic areas in the United States, which heightens our exposure to general economic conditions in these areas.

Dominick’s 

During the fourth quarter of 2013, we closed a number of Dominick’s store locations in the Chicago market. At December 28, 2013, certain of these closed locations were classified as Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale in our statement of financial position (see 
Note B
 to the consolidated financial statements). While the Company currently expects to sell these locations, the sale of these properties is dependent on local real estate market conditions, local and global economic factors, and the existence of prospective buyers. There can be no assurance that the Company will realize its expected proceeds from the sale of these locations, or that sales can be completed within a reasonable time, if at all. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  
Our long-lived assets, primarily stores, are subject to periodic testing for impairment. Failure to achieve sufficient levels of cash flow at reporting units could result in impairment charges on long-lived assets. We have incurred significant impairment charges to earnings in the past, including in fiscal 
2013
, 
2012
 and 
2011
.

Energy and Fuel

Safeway’s operations are dependent upon the availability of a significant amount of energy and fuel to manufacture, store and transport products. Energy and fuel costs have experienced volatility over time. To reduce the impact of volatile energy costs, the Company has entered into contracts to purchase electricity and natural gas at fixed prices to satisfy a portion of its energy needs. This is discussed further in Part II, Item 7A of this report under the caption “Commodity Price Risk.”

Safeway also sells fuel. Significant increases in wholesale fuel costs could result in retail price increases and in lower gross profit on fuel sales. Additionally, consumer demand for fuel may decline if retail prices increase. Such volatility and the impact to our operations and financial results are difficult to predict with certainty.