We wish to caution you that there are risks and uncertainties that could
affect our business. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risks described below and elsewhere in this report, particularly in “Forward-Looking Statements.” The following is not intended to be a complete
discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties, as it is not possible to predict or identify all risk factors. 

Competitive Industry
Conditions    
We face intense competition from traditional grocery retailers, non-traditional competitors such as supercenters and club stores, as well as from specialty supermarkets, drug stores, dollar stores,
convenience stores and restaurants. Increased competition may have an adverse effect on profitability as the result of lower sales, lower gross profits and/or greater operating costs such as marketing. 

Our ability to attract customers is dependent, in large part, upon a combination of price, quality, product mix, brand recognition, store location, in-store marketing and design,
promotional strategies and continued growth into new markets. In each of these areas, traditional and non-traditional competitors compete with us and may successfully 

9 

Table of Contents

SAFEWAY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

attract our customers to their stores by aggressively matching or exceeding what we offer. In recent years many of our competitors have increased their presence in our
markets. Our responses to competitive pressure, such as additional promotions and increased advertising, could adversely affect our profitability. We cannot assure that our actions will succeed in gaining or maintaining market share. Additionally,
we cannot predict how our customers will react to the entrance of certain non-traditional competitors into the grocery retailing business. 

Because we face intense
competition, we must anticipate and quickly respond to changing consumer demands more effectively than our competitors. We must achieve and maintain favorable recognition of our unique and exclusive private-label brands, effectively market our
products to consumers in several diverse market segments, competitively price our products, and maintain and enhance a perception of value for consumers. Finally, we must source and market our merchandise efficiently and creatively. Failure to
accomplish these objectives could impair our ability to compete successfully and adversely affect our growth and profitability. 

Labor
Relations    
A significant majority of our employees are unionized, and our relationship with unions, including labor disputes or work stoppages, could have an adverse impact on our financial results. 

We are a party to approximately 400 collective bargaining agreements, of which 85 are scheduled to expire in 2007. These expiring agreements cover approximately 37% of our
union-affiliated employees. In future negotiations with labor unions, we expect that rising health care, pension and employee benefit costs, among other issues, will be important topics for negotiation. If, upon the expiration of such collective
bargaining agreements, we are unable to negotiate acceptable contracts with labor unions, it could result in strikes by the affected workers and thereby significantly disrupt our operations. Further, if we are unable to control health care and
pension costs provided for in the collective bargaining agreements, we may experience increased operating costs and an adverse impact on future results of operations. 

Profit Margins    
Profit margins in the grocery retail industry are very narrow. In order to increase or maintain our profit margins, we develop strategies to reduce costs, such as productivity
improvements, shrink reduction, distribution center efficiencies and other similar strategies. Our failure to achieve forecasted cost reductions might have a material adverse effect on our business. Changes in our product mix also may negatively
affect certain financial measures. For example, we continue to add supermarket fuel centers, which generate low profit margins but significant sales. Although this negatively affects our gross profit margin, fuel sales provide a positive effect on
operating and administrative expense as a percent of sales. 

Opening and Remodeling Stores    
Our inability to open and remodel
stores as planned could have a material adverse effect on our results. In 2007 we anticipate opening approximately 25 Lifestyle stores while completing approximately 275 Lifestyle remodels. If, as a result of labor relations issues, supply issues or
environmental and real estate delays, these capital projects do not stay within the time and financial budgets we have forecasted, our future financial performance could be materially adversely affected. Furthermore, we cannot ensure that the new or
remodeled stores will achieve anticipated same-store sales or profit levels. 

The Growth of Blackhawk    
Blackhawk’s business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results could differ materially from Blackhawk’s targeted earnings growth. There is no assurance that Blackhawk will
continue to grow at the same rate as it has in the past. Some of the specific risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: 

•

 Blackhawk faces competition from other companies that may introduce new products that compete with products offered by Blackhawk. This could limit Blackhawk’s future
growth; 

•

 Blackhawk is substantially dependent on the continuous operation and security of its information technology applications and infrastructure; 

•

Blackhawk is substantially dependent on its management team, and the loss of any key member of management could impede Blackhawk from executing its business strategy;

•

 A significant portion of Blackhawk’s revenues and net earnings is realized during the last several weeks of the calendar year and are related to consumer gift purchases.
A reduction in consumer spending for gifts, 

10 

Table of Contents

SAFEWAY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

operational issues that result in limitations on gift cards available for sale in Blackhawk’s distribution channels, or other factors that contribute to a
shortfall in sales during this period could have an adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated results of operations and financial condition; 

•

 Blackhawk’s business depends on its ability to negotiate contract renewals with its key partners; 

•

 Blackhawk has begun to expand internationally, and it may find a different business or competitive environment in markets outside the U.S. that could adversely affect its
profitability; and 

•

 Blackhawk’s prospects could be adversely affected as a result of regulatory changes affecting the sales of gift cards or other products that Blackhawk sells or plans to
sell in the future. 

Food Safety, Quality and Health Concerns    
We could be adversely affected if consumers lose
confidence in the safety and quality of certain food products. Adverse publicity about these types of concerns, whether valid or not, may discourage consumers from buying our products or cause production and delivery disruptions. The real or
perceived sale of contaminated food products by us could result in product liability claims and a loss of consumer confidence, which could have a material adverse effect on our sales and operations. 

Economic Conditions that Impact Consumer Spending    
Our results of operations are sensitive to changes in overall economic conditions that
impact consumer spending, including discretionary spending. Future economic conditions such as employment levels, business conditions, interest rates, energy and fuel costs and tax rates could reduce consumer spending or change consumer purchasing
habits. A general reduction in the level of consumer spending or our inability to respond to shifting consumer attitudes regarding products, store location and other factors could adversely affect our growth and profitability. 

Unfavorable Changes in Government Regulation    
Our stores are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations and
administrative practices that affect our business. We must comply with numerous provisions regulating health and sanitation standards, food labeling, equal employment opportunity, minimum wages, and licensing for the sale of food, drugs and
alcoholic beverages. We cannot predict the nature of future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, nor can we determine what effect either additional government regulations or administrative orders, when and if promulgated, or disparate
federal, state, local and foreign regulatory schemes would have on our future business. They could, however, require the reformulation of certain products to meet new standards, the recall or discontinuance of certain products not able to be
reformulated, additional record keeping, expanded documentation of the properties of certain products, expanded or different labeling, and/or scientific substantiation. Any or all of such requirements could have an adverse effect on our results of
operations and financial condition. 

Substantial Indebtedness    
We currently have, and expect to continue to have, a significant
amount of debt, which could adversely affect our financial health. As of December 30, 2006, we had approximately $5.9 billion in total consolidated debt outstanding. This substantial indebtedness could increase our vulnerability to general
adverse economic and industry conditions. If debt markets do not permit us to refinance certain maturing debt, we may be required to: dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing
the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, development efforts and other general corporate purposes; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business; place ourselves
at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors that have less debt; and limit, along with the financial and other restrictive covenants in the documents governing our indebtedness, among other things, our ability to borrow additional
funds. Changes in our credit ratings may have an adverse impact on our financing costs and structure in future periods, such as the higher interest costs on future financings and our ability to participate in the commercial paper market.
Additionally, interest expense could be materially and adversely affected by changes in the interest rate environment, changes in our credit rating, fluctuations in the amount of outstanding debt, decisions to incur premiums on the early redemption
of debt and any other factor that results in an increase in debt. 

Retirement Plans

    We maintain defined benefit
retirement plans for substantially all employees not participating in multi-employer pension plans. Expenses from defined benefit pension plans may be significantly affected by changes in the actual return on plan assets and actuarial
assumptions.

11 

Table of Contents

SAFEWAY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

In addition, we participate in various multi-employer pension plans for substantially all employees represented by unions. We
are required to make contributions to these plans in amounts established under collective bargaining agreements. Pension expense for these plans is recognized as contributions are made. Benefits generally are based on a fixed amount for each year of
service. We contributed $253.8 million, $234.5 million and $196.8 million to these plans in 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. Based on the most recent information available to us, we believe a number of these multi-employer plans are
underfunded. As a result, contributions to these plans may continue to increase. The amount of any increase or decrease in our required contributions to these multi-employer pension plans will depend upon the outcome of collective
bargaining, actions taken by trustees who manage the plans, government regulations, the actual return on assets held in the plans, and the potential payment of a withdrawal liability if we choose to exit a market, among other factors. Additionally,
benefit levels and related issues will continue to create collective bargaining challenges. Under current law, an employer that withdraws or partially withdraws from a multi-employer pension plan may incur withdrawal liability to the plan,
which represents the portion of the plan’s underfunding that is allocable to the withdrawing employer under very complex actuarial and allocation rules. Multi-employer pension legislation passed in 2006 may impact the funds in which we
participate, which may have an impact on future pension contributions. 

Legal Proceedings    
From time to time, we are a party to
legal proceedings, including matters involving personnel and employment issues, personal injury, antitrust claims and other proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. In addition, there is an increasing number of cases being filed
against companies generally, which contain class-action allegations under federal and state wage and hour laws. We estimate our exposure to these legal proceedings and establish reserves for the estimated liabilities. Assessing and predicting the
outcome of these matters involves substantial uncertainties. Although not currently anticipated by management, unexpected outcomes in these legal proceedings, or changes in management’s evaluations or predictions, could have a material adverse
impact on our financial results. 

Insurance Plan Claims    
We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance to provide for
potential liabilities for workers’ compensation, automobile and general liability, property insurance, director and officers’ liability insurance, and employee health care benefits. We estimate the liabilities associated with the risks
retained by us, in part, by considering historical claims experience, demographic and severity factors and other actuarial assumptions which, by their nature, are subject to a high degree of variability. Any actuarial projection of losses concerning
workers’ compensation and general liability is subject to a high degree of variability. Among the causes of this variability are unpredictable external factors affecting future inflation rates, discount rates, litigation trends, legal
interpretations, benefit level changes and claim settlement patterns. 

The majority of the Company’s workers’ compensation liability is from claims
occurring in California. California workers’ compensation has received intense scrutiny from the state’s politicians, insurers, employers and providers, as well as the public in general. Recent years have seen escalation in the number of
legislative reforms, judicial rulings and social phenomena affecting this business. Some of the many sources of uncertainty in the Company’s reserve estimates include changes in benefit levels, medical fee schedules, medical utilization
guidelines, vocation rehabilitation and apportionment. 

Impairment of Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets    
On our balance sheet, we
have $2.4 billion of goodwill subject to periodic testing for impairment. Our long-lived assets, primarily stores, also are subject to periodic testing for impairment. Failure to achieve sufficient levels of cash flow at specific stores or divisions
could result in impairment charges on goodwill and/or long-lived assets. We have incurred significant impairment charges to earnings in the past for goodwill and long-lived assets. 

Information Technology Risks
    The Company has large, complex information technology systems that are important to business operations. The Company could encounter difficulties developing new
systems or maintaining and upgrading existing systems. Such difficulties could lead to significant expenses or losses due to disruption in business operations. 

12 

Table of Contents

SAFEWAY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Despite the Company’s considerable efforts and technology to secure our computer network, security could be compromised,
confidential information could be misappropriated, or system disruptions could occur. This could lead to loss of sales or profits or cause the Company to incur significant costs to reimburse third parties for damages. 

Changes in Accounting Standards
    Financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States. They are subject to interpretation by various governing bodies, including the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) and the SEC, which create and interpret accounting standards. For many aspects of our business, such as
workers’ compensation, store closures, employee benefit plans, stock-based employee compensation, goodwill and income tax contingencies, these standards and their interpretations require management’s most difficult, subjective or complex
judgments. A change from current accounting standards could have a significant effect on the Company’s results of operations. 

Energy and
Fuel

    Safeway’s operations are dependent upon the availability of a significant amount of energy and fuel to manufacture, store and transport products. Energy and fuel costs have experienced volatility over
time. To reduce the impact of volatile energy costs, the Company has entered into contracts to purchase electricity and natural gas at fixed prices to satisfy a portion of its energy needs. This is discussed further in Part II, Item 7 of this
report under the caption “Energy Contracts.” 

Safeway also sells fuel. Significant increases in wholesale fuel costs could result in retail price increases
and in lower gross profit on fuel sales. Additionally, consumer demand for fuel may decline if retail prices increase. Such volatility and the impact to our operations and financial results are difficult to predict.