We wish to caution you that there are risks
and uncertainties that could affect our business. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risks described below and elsewhere in this report, particularly in “Forward-Looking Statements.” The following is not
intended to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties, as it is not possible to predict or identify all risk factors. 

Competitive Industry Conditions    
We face intense competition from traditional grocery retailers, non-traditional competitors such as supercenters and club stores, as well as from specialty supermarkets,
drug stores, dollar stores, convenience stores and restaurants. Increased competition may have an adverse effect on profitability as the result of lower sales, lower gross profits and/or greater operating costs. 

Our ability to attract customers is dependent, in large part, upon a combination of location, quality, price, service, selection and condition of assets. In each of
these areas, traditional and non-traditional competitors compete with us and may successfully attract our customers to their stores by aggressively matching or exceeding what we offer. In recent years, many of our competitors have increased their
presence in our markets. Our responses to competitive pressure, such as additional promotions and increased advertising, could adversely affect our profitability. We cannot guarantee that our actions will succeed in gaining or maintaining market
share. Additionally, we cannot predict how our customers will react to the entrance of certain non-traditional competitors into the grocery retailing business. 

Because we face intense competition, we need to anticipate and respond to changing consumer demands more effectively than our competitors. We strive to achieve and maintain favorable recognition of our unique private-label brands,
effectively market our products to consumers, competitively price our products and maintain and enhance a perception of value for consumers. Finally, we need to source and market our merchandise efficiently and creatively. Failure to accomplish
these objectives could impair our ability to compete successfully and adversely affect our growth and profitability. 

Labor
Relations    
A significant majority of our employees are unionized, and our relationship with unions, including labor disputes or work stoppages, could have an adverse impact on our financial results.

We are a party to approximately 430 collective bargaining agreements, of which 103 are scheduled to expire in 2010. These expiring agreements cover approximately
21% of our union-affiliated employees. In future negotiations with labor unions, we expect that rising health care, pension and wage costs, among other issues, will be important topics for negotiation. If, upon the expiration of such
collective bargaining agreements, we are unable to negotiate acceptable contracts with labor unions, it could result in strikes by the affected workers and thereby significantly disrupt our operations. Further, if we are unable to control
health care and pension costs provided for in the collective bargaining agreements, we may experience increased operating costs and an adverse impact on future results of operations. 

Profit Margins    
Profit margins in the grocery retail industry are very narrow. In order to increase or maintain our profit margins, we develop strategies to reduce costs, such as
productivity improvements, shrink reduction, distribution center efficiencies, energy efficiency programs and other similar strategies. Our failure to achieve forecasted cost reductions across the Company might have a material adverse effect on our
business. Changes in our product mix also may negatively affect certain financial measures. 

Opening and Remodeling
Stores    
Our inability to open and remodel stores as planned could have a material adverse effect on our results. In 2010, we plan to open approximately 20 new Lifestyle stores and to remodel approximately 80 stores into
Lifestyle stores. If, as a result of labor relations issues, supply issues or environmental and real estate delays, these capital projects do not stay within the time and financial budgets we have forecasted, our future financial performance could
be materially adversely affected. Furthermore, we cannot ensure that the new or remodeled stores will achieve anticipated same-store sales or profit levels. 

Future Growth of Blackhawk    
Blackhawk’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results could differ
materially from Blackhawk’s targeted

10 

Table of Contents

SAFEWAY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

earnings growth. There is no assurance that Blackhawk will continue to grow at the same rate as it has in the past. Some of the specific risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to,
the following: 

•

 Blackhawk faces competition from other companies that may introduce new products that compete with products offered by Blackhawk. This could limit
Blackhawk’s future growth; 

•

 Blackhawk is substantially dependent on the continuous operation and security of its information technology applications and infrastructure;

•

 A significant portion of Blackhawk’s revenues and net earnings is realized during the last several weeks of the calendar year and are related to consumer
gift purchases. A reduction in consumer spending for gifts, operational issues that result in limitations on gift cards available for sale in Blackhawk’s distribution channels, or other factors that contribute to a shortfall in sales during
this period could have an adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated results of operations and financial condition; 

•

 Blackhawk’s business depends on its ability to negotiate contract renewals with its key partners; 

•

 Blackhawk has operations in several international locations, and it may find a different business or competitive environment in markets outside the U.S. that
could adversely affect its profitability; and 

•

 Blackhawk’s prospects could be adversely affected as a result of regulatory changes affecting the sales of gift cards or other products that Blackhawk sells
or plans to sell in the future. 

Food Safety, Quality and Health Concerns    
We could be adversely
affected if consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain food products. Adverse publicity about these types of concerns, whether valid or not, may discourage consumers from buying our products or cause production and delivery
disruptions. The real or perceived sale of contaminated food products by us could result in product liability claims, a loss of consumer confidence and product recalls, which could have a material adverse effect on our sales and operations.

Current Economic Conditions    
The United States and, to a lesser extent, Canadian economies and financial markets
have declined and experienced volatility due to uncertainties related to unemployment rates, energy prices, availability of credit, difficulties in the banking and financial services sectors, the decline in the housing market and falling consumer
confidence. As a result, consumers are more cautious. This has led to reduced consumer spending, to consumers trading down to a less expensive mix of products and to consumers trading down to discounters for grocery items, all of which has affected
Safeway’s sales growth. If these conditions continue or worsen, it could further impact Safeway’s sales growth. In 2009, Safeway experienced overall deflation. In this uncertain economy, it is difficult to forecast with certainty
whether 2010 will be a period of inflation or deflation. Food deflation could reduce sales growth and earnings, while food inflation, combined with reduced consumer spending, could reduce gross profit margins. We are unable to predict when the
economies of the United States and Canada will improve. If these economies do not improve, Safeway’s business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Unfavorable Changes in Government Regulation    
Our stores are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws,
regulations and administrative practices that affect our business. We must comply with numerous provisions regulating health and sanitation standards, food labeling, equal employment opportunity, minimum wages and licensing for the sale of food,
drugs and alcoholic beverages. We cannot predict either the nature of future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, or the effect either additional government regulations or administrative orders, when and if promulgated, or disparate
federal, state, local and foreign regulatory schemes would have on our future business. They could, however, require the reformulation of certain products to meet new standards, the recall or discontinuance of certain products not able to be
reformulated, additional record keeping, expanded documentation of the properties of certain products, expanded or different labeling and/or scientific substantiation. Any or all of such requirements could have an adverse effect on our results of
operations and financial condition. 

Substantial Indebtedness    
We currently have, and expect to continue to have, a
significant amount of debt, which could adversely affect our financial health. As of January 2, 2010, we had approximately $4.9 billion in total consolidated debt outstanding, including capital lease obligations. This substantial indebtedness
could increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions. If debt markets do not permit us to refinance certain maturing debt: (i) we may be required to dedicate an unplanned portion of our cash flow from operations
to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures,

11 

Table of Contents

SAFEWAY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

acquisitions, development efforts and other general corporate purposes; (ii) our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business may be limited; (iii) we might be
placed at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors that have less debt; and (iv) we may be limited by the financial and other restrictive covenants in the documents governing our indebtedness. Changes in our credit ratings may
have an adverse impact on our financing costs and structure in future periods, such as higher interest costs on future financings and our ability to participate in the commercial paper market. Additionally, interest expense could be materially and
adversely affected by increases in interest rates, increases in the amount of outstanding debt, decisions to incur premiums on the early redemption of debt and any other factor that results in an increase in debt. 

Retirement Plans    
We maintain defined benefit retirement plans for substantially all employees not participating in multi-employer
pension plans. The funded status of these plans (the difference between the fair value of the plan assets and the projected benefit obligation) is a significant factor in determining annual pension expense as well as cash contributions to fund
the plans. Historically, Safeway’s retirement plans have been well funded, and cash contributions to the plans have been relatively small. For example, cash contributions were $16.7 million and $33.8 million in 2009 and 2008, respectively, and
were limited primarily to our Canadian retirement plans. 

The decline in the financial markets during 2008 resulted in a substantial reduction in the
fair value of the retirement plan assets. As a result, at the end of fiscal 2008, projected benefit obligations exceeded the fair value of plan assets for all of the Company’s pension plans. In 2009, the financial markets improved. As
a result, pension expense in 2010 is expected to decline compared to 2009. Despite the improvement in the financial markets at the end of 2009, the projected benefit obligation continued to exceed the fair value of the plan assets. The Company
currently expects to contribute approximately $7.8 million to its defined benefit pension plan trusts in 2010, primarily in Canada. If financial markets do not continue to improve or if financial markets decline, increased pension expense and cash
contributions may have an adverse impact on our financial results. 

In addition, we participate in various multi-employer pension plans for
substantially all employees represented by unions. We are required to make contributions to these plans in amounts established under collective bargaining agreements. Under the Pension Protection Act of 2006 (“PPA”), additional
contributions may be required in the form of a surcharge that is equal to 5% of the contributions due in the first year and 10% each year thereafter until the applicable bargaining agreement expires. If surcharges are required, many of our
bargaining agreements provide for an offset against contribution amounts otherwise required under those agreements. 

Pension expense for these plans is
recognized as contributions are made. Benefits generally are based on a fixed amount for each year of service. We contributed $278.1 million, $286.9 million and $270.1 million to these plans in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Based on
the most recent information available to us, we believe a number of these multi-employer plans are underfunded. As a result, contributions to these plans may increase. The amount of any increase or decrease in our required contributions to
these multi-employer pension plans will depend upon the outcome of collective bargaining, actions taken by trustees who manage the plans, government regulations, the actual return on assets held in the plans and the potential payment of a withdrawal
liability if we choose to exit a market, among other factors. Additionally, the benefit levels and related issues will continue to create collective bargaining challenges. Under current law, an employer that withdraws or partially withdraws
from a multi-employer pension plan may incur withdrawal liability to the plan, which represents the portion of the plan’s underfunding that is allocable to the withdrawing employer under very complex actuarial and allocation
rules. Multi-employer pension legislation passed in 2006 and 2008 will continue to impact the funds in which we participate, which may have an impact on future pension contributions. 

Legal Proceedings    
From time to time, we are a party to legal proceedings, including matters involving personnel and employment
issues, personal injury, antitrust claims and other proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. In addition, there is an increasing number of cases being filed against companies generally, which contain class-action allegations under
federal and state wage and hour laws. We estimate our exposure to these legal proceedings and establish reserves for the estimated liabilities. Assessing and predicting the outcome of these matters involves substantial uncertainties. Although not
currently anticipated by management, unexpected outcomes in these legal proceedings, or changes in management’s evaluations or predictions, could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. 

12 

Table of Contents

SAFEWAY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Insurance Plan Claims    
We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance to
provide for potential liabilities for workers’ compensation, automobile and general liability, property risk, director and officers’ liability and employee health care benefits. We estimate the liabilities associated with the risks
retained by us, in part, by considering historical claims experience, demographic and severity factors and other actuarial assumptions which, by their nature, are subject to a high degree of variability. Any actuarial projection of losses concerning
workers’ compensation and general liability is subject to a high degree of variability. Among the causes of this variability are unpredictable external factors affecting future inflation rates, discount rates, litigation trends, legal
interpretations, benefit level changes and claim settlement patterns. 

The majority of the Company’s workers’ compensation liability is from
claims occurring in California. California workers’ compensation has received intense scrutiny from the state’s politicians, insurers, employers and providers, as well as the public in general. Recent years have seen escalation in the
number of legislative reforms, judicial rulings and social phenomena affecting our business. Some of the many sources of uncertainty in the Company’s reserve estimates include changes in benefit levels, medical fee schedules, medical
utilization guidelines, vocation rehabilitation and apportionment. Reversals of reforms by legislation or judicial action could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. 

Impairment of Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets    
On our balance sheet, we have $426.6 million of goodwill subject to periodic testing for impairment. Our long-lived assets,
primarily stores, also are subject to periodic testing for impairment. Failure to achieve sufficient levels of cash flow at reporting units could result in impairment charges on goodwill and/or long-lived assets. Our goodwill impairment analysis
also includes a comparison of the aggregate estimated fair value of all reporting units to our total market capitalization. Therefore, a significant and sustained decline in our stock price could result in goodwill impairment charges. During times
of financial market volatility, significant judgment is required to determine the underlying cause of the decline and whether stock price declines are short-term in nature or indicative of an event or change in circumstances. We have incurred
significant impairment charges to earnings in the past, including fiscal 2009, for goodwill and long-lived assets. 

Information Technology
Risks
    The Company has large, complex information technology systems that are important to business operations. The Company could encounter difficulties developing new systems or maintaining and upgrading existing
systems. Such difficulties could lead to significant expenses or losses due to disruption in business operations. 

As a merchant who accepts debit and
credit cards for payment, Safeway is subject to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (“PCI DSS”), issued by the PCI Council. PCI DSS contains compliance guidelines and standards with regards to the Company’s security
surrounding the physical and electronic storage, processing and transmission of individual cardholder data. 

Despite the Company’s considerable
efforts and technology to secure our computer network and payment cardholder data, security could be compromised, confidential information could be misappropriated or system disruptions could occur. This could lead to loss of sales or profits or
cause the Company to incur significant costs to reimburse third parties for damages. 

Changes in Accounting
Guidance    
Financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. They are subject to interpretation by various governing bodies, including the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) and the SEC, which create and interpret accounting standards. For many aspects of our business, such as workers’ compensation, store closures, employee benefit plans, goodwill and income tax
contingencies, these standards and their interpretations require management’s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments. Additionally, the SEC is evaluating the use of International Financial Reporting Standards for the preparation of
financial statements by U.S. registrants. A change from current accounting guidance could have a significant effect on the Company’s results of operations. 

Energy and Fuel

    Safeway’s operations are dependent upon the availability of a significant amount of energy and fuel to manufacture, store and transport products. Energy and fuel costs have
experienced volatility over time. To reduce the

13 

Table of Contents

SAFEWAY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

impact of volatile energy costs, the Company has entered into contracts to purchase electricity and natural gas at fixed prices to satisfy a portion of its energy needs. This is discussed further
in Part II, Item 7A of this report under the caption “Commodity Price Risk.” 

Safeway also sells fuel. Significant increases in wholesale
fuel costs could result in retail price increases and in lower gross profit on fuel sales. Additionally, consumer demand for fuel may decline if retail prices increase. Such volatility and the impact to our operations and financial results are
difficult to predict.