, beginning on page 16. We
encourage you to read that section carefully.

3

Table of Contents

PART I

 Item 1.     

 Business

Overview

Symantec is the world leader in providing a wide range of
solutions to help individuals and enterprises assure the
security, availability, and integrity of their information
technology, or IT, infrastructure as well as the information
itself. We primarily operate in two growing, diversified markets
within the software sector: the secure content management market
and the storage software market. The secure content management
market includes products that protect consumers and enterprises
from threats to personal computers, or PCs, computer networks,
and electronic information. The storage software market includes
products that archive, protect, and recover business-critical
data. We believe that these markets are converging as customers
increasingly require both secure content management and storage
solutions in order to safeguard their IT infrastructure,
information, and interactions.

Our mission is to provide solutions that help protect the
connected experience of our enterprise and consumer customers.
Our goal is to be the leading supplier of security and
availability software to the enterprise and consumer markets,
and to provide customers in both markets with greater confidence
that their information is secure and readily available. We
strive to help our customers manage compliance, complexity, and
cost by protecting their IT infrastructure as they seek to
maximize value from their IT investments.

In the ever-changing threat landscape and increasingly complex
IT environment for consumers and enterprises alike, we believe
product differentiation will be the key to sustaining market
leadership. Thus, we continually work to enhance the features
and functionality of our existing products, extend our product
leadership, and create innovative solutions for our customers.
We focus on generating profitable and sustainable growth through
internal research and development, licensing from third parties,
and acquisitions of companies with leading technologies.

On July 2, 2005, we completed our acquisition of Veritas
Software Corporation, a leading provider of software and
services to enable storage and backup, in a stock transaction
valued at $13.2 billion. This acquisition has provided us
with the opportunity to redefine protection beyond security to
include comprehensive protection of information and applications
and more effective management and control of computing and
storage environments from the desktop to the data center for
individuals and organizations of all sizes. As a result of this
acquisition, we believe we are better positioned to help
customers build a resilient IT infrastructure, cost effectively
manage a complex IT environment, and reduce overall IT risk.
During fiscal 2006, excluding Veritas, we completed acquisitions
of five privately-held companies and one public company for an
aggregate of $627 million in cash.

With revenue of $4.1 billion in fiscal 2006, Symantec ranks
among the top four independent software companies in the world.
We have operations in 40 countries. Founded in 1982, we are
incorporated in Delaware. Our principal executive offices are
located at 20330 Stevens Creek Blvd, Cupertino, California
95014. Our telephone number at that location is
(408) 517-8000. Our home page on the Internet is
www.symantec.com
. Other than the information
expressly set forth in this annual report, the information
contained, or referred to, on our website is not part of this
annual report.

Industry

The secure content management market consists of antivirus,
messaging security, web filtering, and anti-spyware products and
services. Security threats continue to evolve from traditional
viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other vulnerabilities, to
more recent threats such as phishing (attacks that use spoofed
websites and emails designed to record keystrokes or to fool
recipients into divulging personal financial data), email fraud,
and identity theft. This evolution is a key driver of our
research and development and acquisition strategies, as we
continually differentiate our solutions from the competition and
address our customers’ changing needs.

4

Table of Contents

As a result of the Veritas acquisition, we have gained market
share in the storage software market and are now the leading
supplier of hardware-independent storage software. The worldwide
storage software market consists of storage management, server
and application management, backup and archiving, and
infrastructure software products and services. Demand in this
market is driven by the ever-increasing quantity of data being
collected, the need for data to be protected, recoverable, and
accessible at all times, and the need for a growing number of
critical applications to be continuously available and highly
performing.

Other factors driving demand in this market include the increase
in the number of Internet users and companies conducting
business online, the continuous automation of business
processes, increased pressures on companies to lower storage and
server management costs while simultaneously increasing the
utilization and performance of their existing IT infrastructure,
and the increasing importance of document retention and
regulatory compliance solutions.

For information regarding our revenue by segment, revenue by
geographical area, and long-lived assets by geographical area,
see Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. For information regarding the amount and percentage
of our revenue contributed in each of our product categories and
our financial information, including information about
geographic areas in which we operate, see Item 7,
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. For information
regarding risks associated with our international operations,
see Item 1A, 
Risk Factors.

Operating Segments and Products

As of March 31, 2006, we viewed our business in six
operating segments: Consumer Products, Enterprise Security, Data
Protection, Storage and Server Management, Services, and Other.
The Other segment is comprised of sunset products and products
nearing the end of their life cycle and also includes all
indirect costs; general and administrative expenses;
amortization of acquired product rights, other intangible
assets, and other assets; and charges, such as acquired
in-process research and development, patent settlement,
amortization of deferred compensation, and restructuring, that
are not charged to the other operating segments. We report the
expenses of the former Veritas sales force that cannot be
allocated to a specific operating segment in the Other segment.

Beginning in the June 2006 quarter, we will consolidate our
Enterprise Security, Data Protection, and Storage and Server
Management segments into two segments — the Security
and Data Management segment and the Data Center Management
segment.

 Consumer Products

Our Consumer Products segment focuses on delivering our Internet
security and problem-solving products to individual users, home
offices, and small businesses. Our Norton brand of consumer
security software solutions provides protection for Windows and
Macintosh platforms as well as personal digital assistants, or
PDAs, and smartphones. Nearly 90% of our sales within the
Consumer Products segment consist of products providing
protection from virus attacks.

Many of Symantec’s consumer products include an ongoing
commitment to provide product technology and feature updates
throughout the typical
12-month term of the
subscription, to help ensure

up-to-the-minute
protection against the latest threats. Most of the products that
we are currently marketing or developing feature
LiveUpdate
tm

functionality, which automatically updates these products with
the latest technology, virus definitions, firewall rules,
Uniform Resource Locator, or URL, databases, and uninstall
scripts.

The revenue base for our consumer products segment expanded
significantly during fiscal 2003 through 2005. We believe
comparable growth rates will be difficult to achieve in future
periods. During fiscal 2006, the growth rate of our consumer
business slowed considerably, impacted by a changing threat
environment, a change in our revenue recognition model driven by
increases in future subscription pricing for our 2006 consumer
products that include content updates, and a strengthening
dollar.

5

Table of Contents

Our primary consumer products are:

 Norton Internet
 Security
tm

 This product helps defend home and home office users against
 viruses, worms, and other security risks, including spyware,
 spam, phishing, and fraud. It combines antivirus, antispam,
 firewall, privacy protection, and parental control technologies.
 It automatically filters spam and phishing email and blocks
 intruders and identity thieves.

 Norton
 AntiVirus
tm

 This product automatically removes viruses, Trojan horses, and
 worms. It also checks incoming and outgoing email attachments
 for viruses. In addition, it scans incoming instant message
 attachments for threats and it detects and blocks high-risk
 spyware and adware programs before they are installed on the
 receiving system.

 Norton
 SystemWorks
tm

 This family of PC health solutions provides consumers with
 essential tools to maintain and optimize their computers, solves
 common problems, and helps boost system performance. These
 solutions enable
 back-up of everything
 on the PC and will recover a user’s system and
 data — even if the operating system will not start.
 These solutions also include capabilities such as antivirus,
 system optimization diagnostics and utilities, backup and
 recovery, and one-button check up.

For most of our consumer products, we translate the
documentation, software, and packaging into the local language
and prepare marketing programs tailored for each local market.

 Enterprise Security

Our Enterprise Security segment provides security solutions for
all tiers of a network: at the server tier behind the gateway
and at the client tier, including desktop PCs, laptops, and
handhelds. Our comprehensive software and appliance solutions
include virus protection and content filtering, antispam,
endpoint security, firewall and virtual private networking, or
VPN, intrusion protection, policy compliance, security
management, managed security services, and early warning
services.

Our technology offerings include integrated solutions at the
gateway and client levels, including Symantec Client Security
and Symantec Gateway Security, which combine several of our
security and early warning solutions. At the gateway level, our
products run on Windows NT, Solaris, and Linux platforms.
At the server level, our products operate on Windows NT,
UNIX, Linux, and other key server platforms. At the client
level, our products run on the Windows platform.

Our primary enterprise security solutions address the following
areas:

 Antivirus

Nearly 75% of our sales within the Enterprise Security segment
consist of solutions providing protection from virus attacks,
including Symantec AntiVirus, Symantec Client Security, and
Symantec Mail Security. Users of our virus protection and
filtering products are able to protect their computer networks
from both known and unknown risks associated with the use of
Internet resources. Our enterprise antivirus products scan or
monitor data that enters, leaves, or travels inside the
organization, and can detect and eliminate malicious code that
may be introduced into a company’s network.

 Antispam

Our antispam solutions protect more than 300 million email
user accounts worldwide from unwanted email known as spam. They
provide a multi-layered approach to combating spam, with
solutions that sit outside the gateway, at the gateway, and at
the desktop. The Symantec Mail Security software, appliance, and

6

Table of Contents

hosted solutions include technology that leverages more than 20
spam protection techniques, delivering antispam effectiveness
rates of up to 95% and one of the industry’s highest
accuracy rates against false positives, or legitimate email
mistakenly categorized as spam.

 Compliance

We provide a number of solutions to help customers simplify and
sustain compliance with various government regulations, industry
standards, and internal policies. Our compliance solutions
provide IT administrators a consolidated view of IT compliance
across multiple mandates, proactive and reliable IT controls to
retain and secure information, and actionable intelligence to
provide ongoing compliance. Our solutions include Symantec
Enterprise Security Manager, Symantec
BindViewtm

Policy Manager, and Symantec
Sygate
tm

Network Access Control. These solutions help automate the
management of deviations from security configurations and
standards. In addition, they help customers lower the cost of
compliance through automated assessment of policies against
industry regulations and best practices and they help enforce IT
security policies throughout the enterprise network.

 Managed Security Services

Symantec Managed Security Services are designed to allow
enterprise IT organizations to cost-effectively outsource their
security management, monitoring, and response needs. Our
comprehensive service offerings leverage the knowledge of
Internet security experts to protect the value of an
organization’s networked assets and infrastructure. We
provide remote monitoring and management of vendor neutral
firewall and VPN solutions; real-time monitoring and analysis of
intrusion detection alerts; coordinated event monitoring,
analysis, and management of Symantec security appliances; and
integrated global intelligence services from our early warning
solutions.

 Data Protection

Our Data Protection segment provides software solutions designed
to protect, backup, archive, and restore data across a broad
range of computing environments, from large corporate data
centers to remote groups and PC clients, such as desktop and
laptop computers. Approximately 90% of our sales in the Data
Protection segment consist of backup and recovery products. At
the gateway and server levels, our products monitor systems for
patterns of misuse and abuse and can warn organizations before
systems are misused or information is stolen.

Email archiving is the fastest growing area in this segment. Our
strength in the email archiving market is driven by robust
customer demand for regulatory compliance solutions and
technology that helps to better manage the email and broader
messaging environment.

Our primary data protection products are:

 Backup
 Exec
tm

 This product is designed for disk-based back-up, delivering
 reliable, fast, and efficient continuous data protection for
 Windows servers. The latest version of Backup Exec, Backup Exec
 10d, eliminates the need for backup windows and introduces the
 industry’s first web-based file retrieval.

 Veritas
 NetBackup
tm

 This product provides customers with a heterogeneous backup and
 recovery solution that supports all major server and storage
 platforms in the enterprise, mid-size organizations, workgroups,
 and remote offices. NetBackup software helps organizations take
 advantage of both tape and disk storage through advances in disk
 backups, off-site tape management, and automated server
 recovery. Symantec recently announced NetBackup PureDisk, a
 disk-based backup solution that protects remote office data
 without the

7

Table of Contents

 need for tape drives, tape media, or skilled IT staff at the
 remote site.

 Enterprise
 Vault
tm

 This product provides a flexible, software-based message
 archiving framework to enable the discovery of content held
 within Microsoft Exchange, Microsoft SharePoint Portal Server,
 and Microsoft Windows file systems. In addition, this product
 reduces storage costs and simplifies management of email.
 Enterprise Vault software manages email and instant messaging
 content through automated, policy-controlled archiving to online
 stores for active retention and retrieval of information, and
 includes powerful search and discovery capabilities,
 complemented by specialized client applications for NASD
 (National Association of Securities Dealers) compliance and
 legal discovery.

 Storage and Server Management

Our Storage and Server Management segment provides solutions to
simplify and automate the administration of heterogeneous
storage and server environments and provide continuous
availability of mission-critical applications. These solutions
support all major server and storage hardware platforms, helping
organizations reduce the complexity of their enterprise data
centers, improve service levels, and reduce operation costs.

Our storage management solutions allow customers to more easily
manage the growing data volumes associated with enterprise
applications, optimize the availability of data for such
applications, discover and control storage hardware assets, and
improve the utilization of storage hardware.

Our server management solutions simplify and automate the
administration and management of an organization’s server
and application infrastructure. These solutions include
configuration management to discover what software is running on
data center servers and how those servers are inter-related,
provisioning to deploy software onto servers in an automated
fashion, and clustering software to help ensure that
mission-critical applications are always available.

Our client management solutions address enterprise needs for
patch management, configuration management, and asset management
at the client tier. They help protect networked systems from
known vulnerabilities by testing and deploying software patches.
They also simplify repetitive IT tasks such as configuring,
partitioning, provisioning, managing, deploying, and migrating
PCs across the enterprise. In addition, they help IT managers
discover, inventory, and track hardware and software assets
while ensuring license compliance and secure disposal.

Our primary storage and server management products are:

 Veritas Storage
 Foundation
tm

 This family of products combines the
 Veritastm

 Volume Manager and Veritas File System to provide a complete
 solution for online storage management. With Veritas Storage
 Foundation software, physical disks can be grouped into logical
 volumes to improve disk utilization and eliminate
 storage-related downtime.

 Veritas Cluster Server

 An enterprise high availability solution that provides for
 automated failover of servers running critical applications to
 maximize application availability, even in the event of an
 outage. Through central management tools, automation, automated
 disaster recovery testing tools, and intelligent workload
 management, Cluster Server allows IT managers to optimize the
 management and availability of mission-critical applications.

8

Table of Contents

 LiveStatetm

 Recovery

 This family of solutions protects, restores, and recovers
 computer systems with non-intrusive, real-time backups, and
 rapid disaster recovery on workstations and servers.

 Ghost
tm

 Symantec Ghost Solution Suite is an enterprise imaging and
 deployment solution. Its operating system deployment, software
 distribution, and PC migration and retirement features allow
 enterprise IT staff to manage the entire PC lifecycle while
 reducing support costs. With the Ghost Solution Suite,
 administrators can deploy or restore an operating system image
 or application onto a PC and migrate user settings, data and
 profiles, without having to physically touch the PC.

 Services

Our Services segment provides a full range of consulting and
educational services to assist our customers in assessing,
architecting, implementing, supporting, and maintaining their
security, storage, and infrastructure software solutions. These
services help our customers plan for the management and control
of enterprise computing in their specific computing environments.

The primary classes of service that we offer are:

 Symantec Advisory Services

 Advisory Services consultants combine technical expertise with a
 business focus to create comprehensive information security and
 availability solutions for industry-leading companies. These
 services include Business Continuity Management, Secure
 Application Services, Secure Infrastructure Services, Security
 Compliance Services, and Utility Computing Services.

 Symantec Solutions Enablement

 Solutions Enablement consultants provide organizations with the
 expertise to optimize and accelerate the benefits of IT
 infrastructure investments while maximizing value. These
 services are tailored to specific Symantec solutions.

Sales and Channel Strategy

 Consumer Products

We sell our consumer products to individuals and small
offices/home offices globally through a multi-tiered network of
distribution partners. Our strategy is to place our products in
a variety of channels where consumers might consider purchasing
security and problem-solving solutions.

Our products are available to customers through channels that
include distributors, retailers, direct marketers,
Internet-based resellers, original equipment manufacturers, or
OEMs, educational institutions, and Internet Service Providers,
or ISPs. We separately sell annual content update subscriptions
directly to end users primarily through the Internet. We also
sell some of our products and product upgrades in conjunction
with channel partners through direct mail/email and over the
Internet.

Sales in the Consumer Products business are trending more
towards our electronic channels which are comprised of online
stores, including our Symantec store, and OEM and ISP
relationships. During fiscal 2006, nearly 65% of revenue in the
Consumer Products segment came from our electronic channels. We
also made infrastructure improvements in order to capture more
direct renewal business from customers originally reached
through these channels. In fiscal 2006, we partnered with more
than 150 ISPs and 50 OEMs around the world.

During fiscal 2006, we began offering multi-year consumer
subscriptions in order to deliver new technology capability and
functionality to our customers throughout the year, rather than
only once a year. We

9

Table of Contents

believe these changes allow us to be more competitive and better
protect our customers in the ever-changing computing environment.

 Enterprise Solutions

We sell and market our products and related services to
enterprise customers both directly and through a variety of
indirect sales channels, which include value-added resellers, or
VARs, distributors, system integrators, or SIs, and OEMs. Our
enterprise customers include many leading global corporations,
small and medium-sized businesses, and many government agencies
around the world. Many of our products involve a consultative,
solution-oriented sales model. Thus, our sales efforts are
targeted to senior executives and IT department personnel who
are responsible for managing a company’s IT initiatives.

Our primary method of demand generation for enterprise customers
is through our direct sales force. We ended fiscal 2006 with
approximately 4,000 individuals in our sales force,
approximately half of whom joined us as a result of the Veritas
acquisition. Account managers are responsible for customer
relationships and opportunity management and are supported by
product and services specialists. During the June 2006 quarter,
we expect to further integrate the Symantec and Veritas sales
forces as we move towards a single account manager per major
account.

We complement our direct sales efforts with indirect sales
channels such as resellers, VARs, distributors, and SIs,
primarily to address the small to medium-sized enterprise
market. We sell our products through authorized distributors in
more than 40 countries throughout the world. Our top
distributors are Ingram Micro, Inc. and Tech Data Product
Management, Inc.

Another important element of our Enterprise Solutions strategy
involves our relationships with OEM partners that incorporate
our products into their products, bundle our products with their
products, or serve as authorized resellers of our products.

During fiscal 2006, our enterprise antivirus products
experienced increased competition as negotiations for new and
renewal business were consistently aggressive, especially in the
small and medium business market.

 Marketing and Advertising

The majority of our marketing dollars is spent on advertising
and promotion, which includes demand generation and brand
recognition of our consumer products and enterprise solutions.
Our advertising and promotion efforts include, but are not
limited to, electronic and print advertising, trade shows,
collateral production, and all forms of direct marketing. To a
lesser extent, we engage in cooperative marketing campaigns with
distributors, resellers, and industry partners.

We continually conduct market research to understand evolving
customer needs and buying behaviors. We also communicate with
customers through the Symantec website, regularly scheduled
web-based seminars and online newsletters, as well as through
direct mailings, both physical and electronic, to existing
end-users and prospects.

Other marketing activities include the production of brochures,
sales tools, multi-media product demonstrations, packaging, and
other collateral as well as participation in focused trade and
computer shows, sponsorship of industry analyst conferences, and
execution of Symantec road shows, seminars, and user group
conferences.

We typically offer two types of rebate programs within most
countries: volume incentive rebates to channel partners and
promotional rebates to distributors and end-users. Distributors
and resellers earn volume incentive rebates primarily based upon
product sales to end-users. We also offer rebates to individual
users that purchase various products through various resale
channels.

We regularly offer upgrade rebates to consumers purchasing a new
version of a product. Both volume incentive rebates and end-user
rebates are accrued as an offset to revenue.

10

Table of Contents

Support

We maintain centralized support facilities throughout the world
that provide rapid,
around-the-clock
responses to complex customer inquiries. We have support
facilities with experts in technical areas associated with the
products we produce and the operating environments in which
these products are deployed by many of our customers. Our
technical support experts provide customers with information on
product implementation and usage, as well as countermeasures and
identification tools for new threats. Support is available in
multiple languages including Dutch, English, French, German,
Italian, Japanese, Korean, Mandarin, Portuguese, and Spanish.

Our Security Response Team consists of dedicated intrusion
experts, security engineers, virus hunters, and members of the
global technical support teams that work in tandem to provide
extensive coverage for enterprises and consumers. Symantec
Security Response provides customers with comprehensive and
global Internet security expertise, 24 hours a day, seven
days a week, to guard against today’s multi-faceted
Internet threats. The Symantec Security Response Team issues a
semi-annual Internet Security Threat report that provides an
analysis and discussion of trends in Internet attacks,
vulnerabilities, malicious code activity, and other security
risks. We believe that this report is one of the most
comprehensive sources of Internet threat data in the world,
leveraging unparalleled sources to identify emerging trends in
attacks and malicious code activity.

Our enterprise security support program offers annual support
contracts to enterprise customers worldwide, including content,
upgrades, and technical support. Our standard technical support
includes the following:

• 

 Unlimited hotline service delivered by telephone, fax, email,
 and over the Internet

• 

 Immediate patches for severe problems

• 

 Periodic software updates

• 

 Access to our technical knowledge base and frequently asked
 question, or FAQ, facility

• 

 An invitation to our annual user group meeting

Our consumer product support program provides free self-help
online services and free email support to all consumer customers
worldwide. A team of product experts, editors, and language
translators are dedicated to maintaining the robustness of the
online knowledge base. Generally, telephone product support is
provided for a fee by an outside vendor. Customers that
subscribe to LiveUpdate receive automatic downloads of the
latest virus definitions, application bug fixes, and patches for
most of our consumer products.

Customers

Our solutions are used worldwide by individual and enterprise
customers in a wide variety of industries, small and
medium-sized enterprises, as well as various governmental
entities. In fiscal 2006, 2005, and 2004, two distributors,
Ingram Micro and Tech Data Product Management, including their
subsidiaries, each accounted for more than 10% of our total net
revenues. In fiscal 2006 and 2005, one reseller, Digital River,
Inc., represented more than 10% of our total net revenues.

Research and Development

We believe that technical leadership is essential to our
success. Therefore, we expect to continue to commit substantial
resources to research and development. Whether we maintain our
technical leadership position will largely depend on our ability
to enhance existing products, respond to changing customer
requirements, and develop and introduce new products in a timely
manner.

The Symantec Security Response Team is responsible for a
significant component of our research and development efforts.
Our Security Response experts, located at research centers
throughout the world, are focused on collecting and analyzing
the latest malware threats, ranging from network security
threats and vulnerabilities to viruses and worms. When a new
threat or vulnerability is discovered, our Security Response
experts provide a rapid emergency response that consists of
communication with customers and delivery of

11

Table of Contents

security updates for our security products. To simplify and
speed up the delivery of security updates for our product
offerings at the server, gateway, and desktop levels, we use our
LiveUpdate technology.

Outside of our Security Response research centers, other major
research and development initiatives for storage and
availability products include:

• 

 Continued focus on operating system platform expansion

• 

 Development of new infrastructure products, including server
 provisioning, clustering, application performance management,
 and service level management

• 

 Initiatives to improve replication, storage resource management,
 and next generation virtualization technology

• 

 Development of new data protection technologies for disk-based
 data protection

• 

 Continued efforts to ensure regulatory compliance and enhanced
 disaster recovery

Symantec Research Labs, or SRL, is a division within our company
designed to foster new technologies and products to help us
maintain leadership in existing markets. A key component of the
SRL is our Advanced Concepts group, which is focused on
identifying new markets and quickly transforming ideas into
products for those markets.

Independent contractors are used for various aspects of the
product development process. In addition, elements of some of
our products are licensed from third parties.

We had research and development expenses, exclusive of
in-process research and development associated with
acquisitions, of $665 million in fiscal 2006,
$332 million in fiscal 2005, and $252 million in
fiscal 2004. We believe that technical leadership is essential
to our success and we expect to continue to commit substantial
resources to research and development.

Acquisitions

Our strategic technology acquisitions are designed to enhance
the features and functionality of our existing products, as well
as extend our product leadership. We use strategic acquisitions
to provide certain technology, people, and products for our
overall product and services strategy. We consider both time to
market and potential market share gains when evaluating
acquisitions of technologies, product lines, or companies. We
have completed a number of acquisitions of technologies,
companies, and products in the past, and we have also disposed
of technologies and products. We may acquire and/or dispose of
other technologies, companies, and products in the future.

During fiscal 2006, we completed the acquisition of Veritas, as
well as acquisitions of the following six other companies:

 XtreamLok

 XtreamLok Pty Limited, acquired in May 2005, gives Symantec
 strong anti-piracy and activation technology backed by an
 experienced and dedicated team that has successfully worked with
 Symantec for several years.

 WholeSecurity

 WholeSecurity, Inc., a leading provider of behavior-based
 security acquired in October 2005, provides a first line of
 defense against emerging threats without the need for
 traditional security signatures. WholeSecurity provides
 protection from phishing attacks, one of the fastest growing
 threats to online transactions, such as banking,
 e-commerce, and
 auctions. WholeSecurity’s behavior-based security
 technology is being integrated as a core component of
 Symantec’s consumer and enterprise desktop security
 solutions.

 Sygate

 Sygate Technologies, Inc., the market leader in network access
 control solutions for large enterprises, was acquired in October

12

Table of Contents

 2005. The Sygate acquisition allows Symantec to provide a
 comprehensive endpoint protection solution for both managed and
 unmanaged devices. Combining Sygate’s expertise in endpoint
 compliance and protection with Symantec’s leadership in
 client security helps ensure that only devices compliant with
 security policies have access to the network.

 BindView

 BindView Development Corporation, a global provider of
 agent-less IT security compliance software, was acquired in
 January 2006. This acquisition brought together two market
 leaders in policy compliance and vulnerability market solutions.
 BindView and Symantec have complementary strengths in product
 portfolio,
 route-to-market, and
 customer segments. The acquisition of BindView allows Symantec
 to provide customers a choice of agent-based or agent-less IT
 compliance technology, offering a broad and comprehensive

end-to-end solution for
 policy compliance and vulnerability management from a single
 vendor.

 IMlogic

 IMlogic, Inc., a market leader in instant messaging security and
 management with demonstrated technology leadership and expertise
 in real-time based communications, was acquired in February
 2006. The rapid adoption of instant messaging networks by
 consumers and corporate users, combined with evolving real-time
 communications functionality such as VoIP, makes instant
 messaging a viable vehicle for malicious threats that can
 leverage global messaging directories to find new targets.
 Traditional security and availability measures do not protect
 companies against threats that attack via instant messaging. We
 plan to offer a comprehensive set of solutions for message
 archiving as a whole — across both email and instant
 messaging, with the opportunity to include other forms of
 digital communications.

 Relicore

 Relicore, Inc., a leader in data center change and configuration
 management, was acquired in February 2006. Relicore’s
 Clarity is the industry’s only configuration management
 solution capable of automatically discovering, mapping, and
 tracking changes to application and server components in
 real-time. The combination of Relicore’s unique, real-time
 configuration management capability with Symantec’s
 existing server management and storage management capabilities
 allows IT managers to fully understand and actively manage their
 application and server environment.

For further discussion of our acquisitions, see Note 3 of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Competition

Our markets are highly competitive and are subject to rapid
changes in technology. Our competitiveness depends on our
ability to deliver products that meet our customers’ needs
by enhancing our existing solutions and services and offering
reliable, scalable, and standardized new solutions on a timely
basis. We believe that the principal competitive factors
necessary to be successful in our industry also include quality,
integration of advanced technology, time to market, price,
reputation, financial stability, breadth of product offerings,
customer support, brand recognition, and effective sales and
marketing efforts.

In addition to the competition we face from direct competitors,
we face indirect or potential competition from operating system
providers and network equipment and computer hardware
manufacturers, who may provide various solutions and functions
in their current and future products. We also compete for access
to

13

Table of Contents

retail distribution channels and for the attention of customers
at the retail level and in corporate accounts. In addition, we
compete with other software companies, operating system
providers, and network equipment and computer hardware
manufacturers to acquire products or companies and to publish
software developed by third parties.

The competitive environments in which each segment operates are
described below:

 Consumer Products

Some of the channels in which our consumer products are offered
are highly competitive. Our competitors are sometimes intensely
focused on customer acquisition, which has led such competitors
to offer their technology for free, engage in aggressive
marketing, or enter into competitive partnerships. During fiscal
2006, pricing for subscriptions increased, while pricing in
retail and online stores remained consistent or decreased.

Our primary competitors in the Consumer Products segment are
Microsoft Corporation, McAfee, Inc., and Trend Micro,
Incorporated. During fiscal 2006, Microsoft launched the beta
version of a security suite that will compete with our consumer
products. This security suite includes anti-spyware and
antivirus features, and a backup utility. In addition, Microsoft
has recently added security features to new versions of its
operating system products that provide some of the same
functions offered in our products.

 Enterprise Security

In the Enterprise Security markets, we compete against many
companies that offer competing products to our technology
solutions and competing services to our response and support
services. Our primary competitors in Enterprise Security are
McAfee, Trend Micro, CA, Inc., Internet Security Systems, Inc.,
and Cisco Systems, Inc. In the managed security services
segment, our primary competitors are VeriSign, Inc. and
International Business Machines Corporation, or IBM. Recent
acquisitions by Microsoft are indicators of its move into the
Enterprise Security market and could lead to the inclusion of
antivirus and antispyware functionality in future versions of
its operating system products or to its release of stand-alone
enterprise products.

With core antivirus being a required solution for enterprises of
all sizes, we believe that product differentiation is essential
for us to maintain our leadership position. We are focused on
integrating next generation technology capabilities into our
solution set in order to differentiate ourselves from the
competition.

 Data Protection

The market for Data Protection products is characterized by
ongoing technological innovation. Many of our strategic partners
offer software products that compete with our products or have
announced their intention to focus on developing or acquiring
their own backup, archive, and data restoration software
products. Our primary competitors in the Data Protection segment
are IBM, CA, and EMC Corporation.

 Storage and Server Management

The markets for Storage and Server Management are intensely
competitive. In the areas of storage management solutions,
application and server management, remote management, imaging
provisioning, and asset management, our primary competitors are
EMC, Sun Microsystems, Inc., Hewlett-Packard Company, IBM,
Oracle Corporation, and Microsoft.

 Services

We believe that the principal competitive factors for our
Services segment include technical capability, customer
responsiveness, and our ability to hire and retain talented and
experienced services personnel. Our primary competitors in the
Services segment are IBM, Electronic Data Systems Corporation,
and EMC.

14

Table of Contents

Intellectual Property

 Protective Measures

We regard some of the features of our internal operations,
software, and documentation as proprietary and rely on
copyright, patent, trademark and trade secret laws,
confidentiality procedures, contractual arrangements, and other
measures to protect our proprietary information. Our
intellectual property is an important and valuable asset that
enables us to gain recognition for our products, services, and
technology and enhance our competitive position.

As part of our confidentiality procedures, we generally enter
into non-disclosure agreements with our employees, distributors,
and corporate partners and we enter into license agreements with
respect to our software, documentation, and other proprietary
information. These license agreements are generally
non-transferable and have a perpetual term. We also educate our
employees on trade secret protection and employ measures to
protect our facilities, equipment, and networks.

 Trademarks, Patents, Copyrights, and Licenses

Symantec and the Symantec logo are trademarks or registered
trademarks in the U.S. and other countries. In addition to
Symantec and the Symantec logo, we have used, registered, and/or
applied to register other specific trademarks and service marks
to help distinguish our products, technologies, and services
from those of our competitors in the U.S. and foreign countries
and jurisdictions. We enforce our trademark, service mark, and
trade name rights in the U.S. and abroad. The duration of our
trademark registrations varies from country to country, and in
the U.S., we generally are able to maintain our trademark rights
and renew any trademark registrations for as long as the
trademarks are in use.

We have a number of U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending
patent applications, including patents and rights to patent
applications acquired through strategic transactions, which
relate to various aspects of our products and technology. The
duration of our patents is determined by the laws of the country
of issuance and for the U.S. is typically 17 years
from the date of issuance of the patent or 20 years from
the date of filing of the patent application resulting in the
patent, which we believe is adequate relative to the expected
lives of our products.

Our products are protected under U.S. and international
copyright laws and laws related to the protection of
intellectual property and proprietary information. We take
measures to label such products with the appropriate proprietary
rights notices and we actively enforce such rights in the U.S.
and abroad. However, these measures may not provide sufficient
protection, and our intellectual property rights may be
challenged. In addition, we license some intellectual property
from third parties for use in our products, and generally must
rely on the third party to protect the licensed intellectual
property rights. While we believe that our ability to maintain
and protect our intellectual property rights is important to our
success, we also believe that our business as a whole is not
materially dependent on any particular patent, trademark,
license, or other intellectual property right.

Seasonality

As is typical for many large software companies, a part of our
business is seasonal. Software license orders are generally
higher in our third and fourth fiscal quarters and lower in our
first and second fiscal quarters. A significant decline in
license orders is typical in the first quarter of our fiscal
year when compared to license orders in the fourth quarter of
the prior fiscal year. In addition, we generally receive a
higher volume of software license orders in the last month of a
quarter, with orders concentrated in the later part of that
month. We believe that this seasonality primarily reflects
customer spending patterns and budget cycles, as well as the
impact of compensation incentive plans for our sales personnel.
Software license revenue generally reflects similar seasonal
patterns but to a lesser extent than license orders because
license revenue is not recognized until an order is shipped and
other revenue recognition criteria are met.

15

Table of Contents

Employees

As of March 31, 2006, we employed approximately 16,000
people worldwide, approximately 58% of whom reside in the
U.S. Approximately 8,000 employees work in sales,
marketing, and related activities; 5,000 in product development;
1,000 in services; and 2,000 in management, manufacturing, and
administration.

Other Information

Our Internet address is www.symantec.com.
 We make
available free of charge on our website our annual reports on
Form 
10-K,
quarterly reports on
Form 
10-Q, and
current reports on
Form 
8-K, and
amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as
reasonably practicable after we electronically file such
material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange
Commission, or SEC. Other than the information expressly set
forth in this annual report, the information contained, or
referred to, on our website is not part of this annual report.

The public may also read and copy any materials we file with the
SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE,
Room 1580, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain
information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by
calling the SEC at
1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC
also maintains a website at 
www.sec.gov 
that
contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other
information regarding issuers, such as us, that file
electronically with the SEC.



     If we are unable to develop
new and enhanced products and services that achieve widespread
market acceptance, or if we are unable to continually improve
the performance, features, and reliability of our existing
products and services, our business and operating results could
be adversely affected.

Our future success depends on our ability to respond to the
rapidly changing needs of our customers by developing or
introducing new products, product upgrades, and services on a
timely basis. We have in the past incurred, and will continue to
incur, significant research and development expenses as we
strive to remain competitive. New product development and
introduction involves a significant commitment of time and
resources and is subject to a number of risks and challenges
including:

• 

 Managing the length of the development cycle for new products
 and product enhancements, which has frequently been longer than
 we originally expected

• 

 Adapting to emerging and evolving industry standards and to
 technological developments by our competitors and customers

• 

 Extending the operation of our products and services to new
 platforms and operating systems

• 

 Entering into new or unproven markets with which we have limited
 experience

• 

 Managing new product and service strategies, including
 integrating our various security and storage technologies,
 management solutions, customer service, and support into unified
 enterprise security and storage solutions

• 

 Incorporating acquired products and technologies

• 

 Developing or expanding efficient sales channels

• 

 Obtaining sufficient licenses to technology and technical access
 from operating system software vendors on reasonable terms to
 enable the development and deployment of interoperable products,
 including source code licenses for certain products with deep
 technical integration into operating systems

If we are not successful in managing these risks and challenges,
or if our new products, product upgrades, and services are not
technologically competitive or do not achieve market acceptance,
we could have expended substantial resources and capital without
realizing sufficient revenues in return, and our business and
operating results could be adversely affected.

16

Table of Contents

     Fluctuations in demand for
our products and services are driven by many factors and a
decrease in demand for our products could adversely affect our
financial results.

We are subject to fluctuations in demand for our products and
services due to a variety of factors, including competition,
product obsolescence, technological change, budget constraints
of our actual and potential customers, level of broadband usage,
awareness of security threats to IT systems, and other factors.
While such factors may, in some periods, increase product sales,
fluctuations in demand can also negatively impact our product
sales. For example, until recently we had experienced a higher
than expected rate of growth in sales of our consumer security
products that we believe was spurred, in part, by several
well-publicized threats to computer security. As consumer
attention to security threats fluctuates, the growth rates in
sales of consumer security products have been impacted. If
demand for our products declines, our revenues and gross margin
could be adversely affected.

     We operate in a highly
competitive environment, and our competitors may gain market
share in the markets for our products that could adversely
affect our business and cause our revenues to decline.

We operate in intensely competitive markets that experience
rapid technological developments, changes in industry standards,
changes in customer requirements, and frequent new product
introductions and improvements. If we are unable to anticipate
or react to these competitive challenges or if existing or new
competitors gain market share in any of our markets, our
competitive position could weaken and we could experience a drop
in revenues that could adversely affect our business and
operating results. To compete successfully, we must maintain a
successful research and development effort to develop new
products and services and enhance existing products and
services, effectively adapt to changes in the technology or
product rights held by our competitors, appropriately respond to
competitive strategy, and effectively adapt to technological
changes and changes in the ways that our information is
accessed, used, and stored within our enterprise and consumer
markets. If we are unsuccessful in responding to our competitors
or to changing technological and customer demands, we could
experience a negative effect on our competitive position and our
financial results.

Our traditional competitors include independent software vendors
which offer software products that directly compete with our
product offerings. In addition to competing with these vendors
directly for sales to end users of our products, we compete with
them for the opportunity to have our products bundled with the
product offerings of our strategic partners such as computer
hardware OEMs and ISPs. Our competitors could gain market share
from us if any of these strategic partners replace our products
with the products of our competitors or if they more actively
promote our competitors’ products than our products. In
addition, software vendors who have bundled our products with
theirs may choose to bundle their software with their own or
other vendors’ software or may limit our access to standard
product interfaces and inhibit our ability to develop products
for their platform.

We face growing competition from network equipment and computer
hardware manufacturers and large operating system providers.
These firms are increasingly developing and incorporating into
their products data protection and storage and server management
software that competes at some levels with our product
offerings. Our competitive position could be adversely affected
to the extent that our customers perceive the functionality
incorporated into these products as replacing the need for our
products. Microsoft has added remote access features to its
operating systems and has made announcements of actual and
anticipated product features and new product offerings that
compete with a number of our product offerings. In addition, we
believe that Microsoft has recently made changes to its
operating systems that make it more difficult for independent
security vendors to provide effective solutions for their
customers. We could be adversely affected if customers,
particularly consumers, perceive that features incorporated into
the Microsoft operating system reduce the need for our products
or if they prefer to purchase other Microsoft products that are
bundled with its operating systems and compete with our products.

Many of our competitors have greater financial, technical,
sales, marketing, or other resources than we do and consequently
may have an ability to influence customers to purchase their
products instead of ours. We

17

Table of Contents

also face competition from many smaller companies that
specialize in particular segments of the markets in which we
compete.

     If we fail to manage our
sales and distribution channels effectively or if our partners
choose not to market and sell our products to their customers,
our operating results could be adversely affected.

We sell our consumer products to individuals and small
offices/home offices around the world through multi-tiered sales
and distribution networks. Sales through these different
channels involve distinct risks, including the following:

 Direct Sales. A significant portion of our revenues from
 enterprise products is derived from sales by our direct sales
 force to end-users. Special risks associated with this sales
 channel include:

• 

 Longer sales cycles associated with direct sales efforts

• 

 Difficulty in hiring, retaining, and motivating our direct sales
 forces

• 

 Substantial amounts of training for sales representatives to
 become productive, including regular updates to cover new and
 revised products

 Indirect Sales Channels. A significant portion of our
 revenues is derived from sales through indirect channels,
 including distributors that sell our products to end-users and
 other resellers. This channel involves a number of risks,
 including:

• 

 Our lack of control over the timing of delivery of our products
 to end-users

• 

 Our resellers and distributors are not subject to minimum sales
 requirements or any obligation to market our products to their
 customers

• 

 Our reseller and distributor agreements are generally
 nonexclusive and may be terminated at any time without cause

• 

 Our resellers and distributors frequently market and distribute
 competing products and may, from time to time, place greater
 emphasis on the sale of these products due to pricing,
 promotions, and other terms offered by our competitors

 OEM Sales Channels. A significant portion of our revenues
 is derived from sales through our OEM partners that incorporate
 our products into, or bundle our products with, their products.
 Our reliance on this sales channel involves many risks,
 including:

• 

 Our lack of control over the shipping dates or volume of systems
 shipped

• 

 Our OEM partners are generally not subject to minimum sales
 requirements or any obligation to market our products to their
 customers

• 

 Our OEM partners may terminate or renegotiate their arrangements
 with us and new terms may be less favorable due, among other
 things, to an increasingly competitive relationship with certain
 partners

• 

 Sales through our OEM partners are subject to changes in
 strategic direction, competitive risks, and other issues that
 could result in reduction of OEM sales

• 

 The development work that we must generally undertake under our
 agreements with our OEM partners may require us to invest
 significant resources and incur significant costs with little or
 no associated revenues

• 

 The time and expense required for the sales and marketing
 organizations of our OEM partners to become familiar with our
 products may make it more difficult to introduce those products
 to the market

• 

 Our OEM partners may develop, market, and distribute their own
 products and market and distribute products of our competitors,
 which could reduce our sales

18

Table of Contents

If we fail to manage our sales and distribution channels
successfully, these channels may conflict with one another or
otherwise fail to perform as we anticipate, which could reduce
our sales and increase our expenses as well as weaken our
competitive position. Some of our distribution partners have
experienced financial difficulties in the past, and if our
partners suffer financial difficulties in the future, we may
have reduced sales or increased bad debt expense that could
adversely affect our operating results. In addition, reliance on
multiple channels subjects us to events that could cause
unpredictability in demand, which could increase the risk that
we may be unable to plan effectively for the future, and could
result in adverse operating results in future periods.

     We have grown, and may
continue to grow, through acquisitions that give rise to risks
and challenges that could adversely affect our future financial
results.

We have in the past acquired, and we expect to acquire in the
future, other businesses, business units, and technologies.
Acquisitions involve a number of special risks and challenges,
including:

• 

 Complexity, time, and costs associated with the integration of
 acquired business operations, workforce, products, and
 technologies into our existing business, sales force, employee
 base, product lines, and technology

• 

 Diversion of management time and attention from our existing
 business and other business opportunities

• 

 Loss or termination of employees, including costs associated
 with the termination or replacement of those employees

• 

 Assumption of debt or other liabilities of the acquired
 business, including litigation related to alleged liabilities of
 the acquired business

• 

 The incurrence of additional acquisition-related debt as well as
 increased expenses and working capital requirements

• 

 Dilution of stock ownership of existing stockholders, or
 earnings per share

• 

 Increased costs and efforts in connection with compliance with
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act

• 

 Substantial accounting charges for restructuring and related
 expenses, write-off of in-process research and development,
 impairment of goodwill, amortization of intangible assets, and
 stock-based compensation expense

Integrating acquired businesses has been and will continue to be
a complex, time consuming, and expensive process, and can impact
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting. For example, as disclosed in Item 9A in this
annual report, our management has identified a material weakness
in our internal control over financial reporting that was
largely related to Symantec having insufficient personnel
resources with adequate expertise to properly manage the
increased volume and complexity of income tax matters arising
from the acquisition of Veritas.

If our ongoing integration of the Veritas business is not
successful, we may not realize the potential benefits of the
acquisition or could undergo other adverse effects that we
currently do not foresee. To integrate acquired businesses, we
must implement our technology systems in the acquired operations
and integrate and manage the personnel of the acquired
operations. We also must effectively integrate the different
cultures of acquired business organizations into our own in a
way that aligns various interests, and may need to enter new
markets in which we have no or limited experience and where
competitors in such markets have stronger market positions.

Any of the foregoing, and other factors, could harm our ability
to achieve anticipated levels of profitability from acquired
businesses or to realize other anticipated benefits of
acquisitions. In addition, because acquisitions of high
technology companies are inherently risky, no assurance can be
given that our previous or future acquisitions will be
successful and will not adversely affect our business, operating
results, or financial condition.

19

Table of Contents

     Our international operations
involve risks that could increase our expenses, adversely affect
our operating results, and require increased time and attention
of our management.

We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from customers
located outside of the U.S. and we have significant operations
outside of the U.S., including engineering, sales, customer
support, and production. We plan to expand our international
operations, but such expansion is contingent upon the financial
performance of our existing international operations as well as
our identification of growth opportunities. Our international
operations are subject to risks in addition to those faced by
our domestic operations, including:

• 

 Potential loss of proprietary information due to
 misappropriation or laws that may be less protective of our
 intellectual property rights

• 

 Requirements of foreign laws and other governmental controls,
 including trade and labor restrictions and related laws that
 reduce the flexibility of our business operations

• 

 Regulations or restrictions on the use, import, or export of
 encryption technologies that could delay or prevent the
 acceptance and use of encryption products and public networks
 for secure communications

• 

 Central bank and other restrictions on our ability to repatriate
 cash from our international subsidiaries or to exchange cash in
 international subsidiaries into cash available for use in the
 U.S.

• 

 Fluctuations in currency exchange rates and economic instability
 such as higher interest rates in the U.S. and inflation that
 could reduce our customers’ ability to obtain financing for
 software products or that could make our products more expensive
 in certain countries

• 

 Limitations on future growth or inability to maintain current
 levels of revenues from international sales if we do not invest
 sufficiently in our international operations

• 

 Longer payment cycles for sales in foreign countries and
 difficulties in collecting accounts receivable

• 

 Difficulties in staffing, managing, and operating our
 international operations, including difficulties related to
 administering our stock plans in some foreign countries

• 

 Difficulties in coordinating the activities of our
 geographically dispersed and culturally diverse operations

• 

 Seasonal reductions in business activity in the summer months in
 Europe and in other periods in other countries

• 

 Reduced sales due to the failure to obtain any required export
 approval of our technologies, particularly our encryption
 technologies

• 

 Costs and delays associated with developing software in multiple
 languages

• 

 Political unrest, war, or terrorism, particularly in areas in
 which we have facilities

A significant portion of our transactions outside of the
U.S. are denominated in foreign currencies. Accordingly,
our future operating results will continue to be subject to
fluctuations in foreign currency rates. We may be negatively
affected by fluctuations in foreign currency rates in the
future, especially if international sales continue to grow as a
percentage of our total sales.

We receive significant tax benefits from sales to our
non-U.S. customers.
These benefits are contingent upon existing tax regulations in
the U.S. and in the countries in which our international
operations are located. Future changes in domestic or
international tax regulations could adversely affect our ability
to continue to realize these tax benefits.

     Our products are complex and
operate in a wide variety of computer configurations, which
could result in errors or product failures.

Because we offer very complex products, undetected errors,
failures, or bugs may occur, especially when products are first
introduced or when new versions are released. Our products are
often installed and used in

20

Table of Contents

large-scale computing environments with different operating
systems, system management software, and equipment and
networking configurations, which may cause errors or failures in
our products or may expose undetected errors, failures, or bugs
in our products. Our customers’ computing environments are
often characterized by a wide variety of standard and
non-standard configurations that make pre-release testing for
programming or compatibility errors very difficult and
time-consuming. In addition, despite testing by us and others,
errors, failures, or bugs may not be found in new products or
releases until after commencement of commercial shipments. In
the past, we have discovered software errors, failures, and bugs
in certain of our product offerings after their introduction and
have experienced delayed or lost revenues during the period
required to correct these errors.

Errors, failures, or bugs in products released by us could
result in negative publicity, product returns, loss of or delay
in market acceptance of our products, loss of competitive
position, or claims by customers or others. Many of our end-user
customers use our products in applications that are critical to
their businesses and may have a greater sensitivity to defects
in our products than to defects in other, less critical,
software products. In addition, if an actual or perceived breach
of information integrity or availability occurs in one of our
end-user customer’s systems, regardless of whether the
breach is attributable to our products, the market perception of
the effectiveness of our products could be harmed. Alleviating
any of these problems could require significant expenditures of
our capital and other resources and could cause interruptions,
delays, or cessation of our product licensing, which could cause
us to lose existing or potential customers and could adversely
affect our operating results.

     If we are unable to attract
and retain qualified employees, lose key personnel, fail to
integrate replacement personnel successfully, or fail to manage
our employee base effectively, we may be unable to develop new
and enhanced products and services, effectively manage or expand
our business, or increase our revenues.

Our future success depends upon our ability to recruit and
retain our key management, technical, sales, marketing, finance,
and other critical personnel. Our officers and other key
personnel are employees-at-will, and we cannot assure you that
we will be able to retain them. Competition for people with the
specific skills that we require is significant. In order to
attract and retain personnel in a competitive marketplace, we
believe that we must provide a competitive compensation package,
including cash and equity-based compensation. The volatility in
our stock price may from time to time adversely affect our
ability to recruit or retain employees. In addition, we may be
unable to obtain required stockholder approvals of future
increases in the number of shares available for issuance under
our equity compensation plans, and recent changes in accounting
rules require us to treat the issuance of employee stock options
and other forms of equity-based compensation as compensation
expense. As a result, we may decide to issue fewer equity-based
incentives and may be impaired in our efforts to attract and
retain necessary personnel. If we are unable to hire and retain
qualified employees, or conversely, if we fail to manage
employee performance or reduce staffing levels when required by
market conditions, our business and operating results could be
adversely affected.

Key personnel have left our company in the past and there likely
will be additional departures of key personnel from time to time
in the future. The loss of any key employee could result in
significant disruptions to our operations, including adversely
affecting the timeliness of product releases, the successful
implementation and completion of company initiatives, the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and our
internal control over financial reporting, and the results of
our operations. In addition, hiring, training, and successfully
integrating replacement sales and other personnel could be time
consuming, may cause additional disruptions to our operations,
and may be unsuccessful, which could negatively impact future
revenues.

     We are a party to several
class action and derivative action lawsuits, which could require
significant management time and attention and result in
significant legal expenses, and which could, if not determined
favorably, negatively impact our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows.

We have been named as a party to several class action and
derivative action lawsuits, and we may be named in additional
litigation. The expense of defending such litigation may be
costly and divert manage-

21

Table of Contents

ment’s attention from the
day-to-day operations
of our business, which could adversely affect our business,
results of operations, and cash flows. In addition, an
unfavorable outcome in such litigation could negatively impact
our business, results of operations, and cash flows.

     Third parties claiming that
we infringe their proprietary rights could cause us to incur
significant legal expenses and prevent us from selling our
products.

From time to time, we receive claims that we have infringed the
intellectual property rights of others, including claims
regarding patents, copyrights, and trademarks. In addition,
former employers of our former, current, or future employees may
assert claims that such employees have improperly disclosed to
us the confidential or proprietary information of these former
employers. Any such claim, with or without merit, could result
in costly litigation and distract management from
day-to-day operations.
If we are not successful in defending such claims, we could be
required to stop selling, delay shipments of or redesign our
products, pay monetary amounts as damages, enter into royalty or
licensing arrangements, or satisfy indemnification obligations
that we have with some of our customers.

In addition, we license and use software from third parties in
our business. These third party software licenses may not
continue to be available to us on acceptable terms or at all,
and may expose us to additional liability. This liability, or
our inability to use any of this third party software, could
result in shipment delays or other disruptions in our business
that could materially and adversely affect our operating results.

     If we do not protect our
proprietary information and prevent third parties from making
unauthorized use of our products and technology, our financial
results could be harmed.

Our software and underlying technology are proprietary. We seek
to protect our proprietary rights through a combination of
confidentiality agreements and procedures and through copyright,
patent, trademark, and trade secret laws. However, all of these
measures afford only limited protection and may be challenged,
invalidated, or circumvented by third parties. Third parties may
copy all or portions of our products or otherwise obtain, use,
distribute, and sell our proprietary information without
authorization. Third parties may also develop similar or
superior technology independently, by designing around our
patents. Our shrink-wrap license agreements are not signed by
licensees and therefore may be unenforceable under the laws of
some jurisdictions. Furthermore, the laws of some foreign
countries do not offer the same level of protection of our
proprietary rights as the laws of the U.S., and we may be
subject to unauthorized use of our products in those countries.
The unauthorized copying or use of our products or proprietary
information could result in reduced sales of our products. Any
legal action to protect proprietary information that we may
bring or be engaged in with a strategic partner or vendor could
adversely affect our ability to access software, operating
system, and hardware platforms of such partner or vendor, or
cause such partner or vendor to choose not to offer our products
to their customers. In addition, any legal action to protect
proprietary information that we may bring or be engaged in,
alone or through our alliances with the Business Software
Alliance (BSA), or the Software & Information Industry
Association (SIIA), could be costly, may distract management
from day-to-day
operations, and may lead to additional claims against us, which
could adversely affect our operating results.

     Some of our products contain
“open source” software, and any failure to comply with
the terms of one or more of these open source licenses could
negatively affect our business.

Certain of our products are distributed with software licensed
by its authors or other third parties under so-called “open
source” licenses, which may include, by way of example the
GNU General Public License (GPL), GNU Lesser General Public
License (LGPL), the Mozilla Public License, the BSD License, and
the Apache License. Some of these licenses contain requirements
that we make available source code for modifications or
derivative works we create based upon the open source software,
and that we license such modifications or derivative works under
the terms of a particular open source license or other license
granting third parties certain rights of further use. If we
combine our proprietary software with open source software in a
certain manner, we could, under certain of the open source
licenses, be required to release the source code of our
proprietary software. In addition to risks related to license
requirements, usage of open source software can

22

Table of Contents

lead to greater risks than use of third party commercial
software, as open source licensors generally do not provide
warranties or controls on origin of the software. We have
established processes to help alleviate these risks, including a
review process for screening requests from our development
organizations for the use of open source, but we cannot be sure
that all open source is submitted for approval prior to use in
our products. In addition, many of the risks associated with
usage of open source cannot be eliminated, and could, if not
properly addressed, negatively affect our business.

     Our software products and
website may be subject to intentional disruption that could
adversely impact our reputation and future sales.

Although we believe we have sufficient controls in place to
prevent intentional disruptions, we expect to be an ongoing
target of attacks specifically designed to impede the
performance of our products. Similarly, experienced computer
programmers may attempt to penetrate our network security or the
security of our website and misappropriate proprietary
information or cause interruptions of our services. Because the
techniques used by such computer programmers to access or
sabotage networks change frequently and may not be recognized
until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate
these techniques. Our activities could be adversely affected and
our reputation and future sales harmed if these intentionally
disruptive efforts are successful.

     Increased customer demands
on our technical support services may adversely affect our
relationships with our customers and our financial
results.

We offer technical support services with many of our products.
We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate
short-term increases in customer demand for support services. We
also may be unable to modify the format of our support services
to compete with changes in support services provided by
competitors or successfully integrate support for our customers.
Further customer demand for these services, without
corresponding revenues, could increase costs and adversely
affect our operating results.

We have outsourced a substantial portion of our worldwide
consumer support functions to third party service providers. If
these companies experience financial difficulties, do not
maintain sufficiently skilled workers and resources to satisfy
our contracts, or otherwise fail to perform at a sufficient
level under these contracts, the level of support services to
our customers may be significantly disrupted, which could
materially harm our relationships with these customers.

     Accounting charges may cause
fluctuations in our quarterly financial results.

Our financial results have been in the past, and may continue to
be in the future, materially affected by non-cash and other
accounting charges, including:

• 

 Amortization of intangible assets, including acquired product
 rights

• 

 Impairment of goodwill

• 

 Stock-based compensation expense, including charges related to
 our adoption in the first quarter of fiscal 2007 of Statement of
 Financial Accounting Standards No. 123R, Share-Based
 Payment, which will materially increase the stock-based
 compensation expense included in our results of operations

• 

 Restructuring charges and reversals of those charges

• 

 Impairment of long-lived assets

For example, in connection with our acquisition of Veritas, we
have recorded approximately $2.8 billion of intangible
assets, including acquired product rights, and $8.6 billion
of goodwill. We have recorded and will continue to record future
amortization charges with respect to a portion of these
intangible assets and stock-based compensation expense related
to the stock options to purchase Veritas common stock assumed by
us. In addition, we will evaluate our long-lived assets,
including property and equipment, goodwill, acquired product
rights, and other intangible assets, whenever events or
circumstances occur which indicate that these assets might be
impaired. Goodwill is evaluated annually for impairment in the
fourth quarter of each fiscal year or

23

Table of Contents

more frequently if events and circumstances warrant. The
foregoing types of accounting charges may also be incurred in
connection with or as a result of other business acquisitions.
The price of our common stock could decline to the extent that
our financial results are materially affected by the foregoing
accounting charges.

     Our effective tax rate may
increase or fluctuate, which could increase our income tax
expense and reduce our net income.

Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by several
factors, many of which are outside of our control, including:

• 

 Changes in the relative proportions of revenues and income
 before taxes in the various jurisdictions in which we operate
 that have differing statutory tax rates

• 

 Changing tax laws, regulations, and interpretations in multiple
 jurisdictions in which we operate as well as the requirements of
 certain tax rulings

• 

 Changes in accounting and tax treatment of stock-based
 compensation

• 

 The tax effects of purchase accounting for acquisitions and
 restructuring charges that may cause fluctuations between
 reporting periods

• 

 Tax assessments, or any related tax interest or penalties, could
 significantly affect our income tax expense for the period in
 which the settlements take place

The price of our common stock could decline to the extent that
our financial results are materially affected by an adverse
change in our effective tax rate.

We report our results of operations based on our determinations
of the amount of taxes owed in the various tax jurisdictions in
which we operate. From time to time, we receive notices that a
tax authority to which we are subject has determined that we owe
a greater amount of tax than we have reported to such authority,
and we are regularly engaged in discussions, and sometimes
disputes, with these tax authorities. We are engaged in disputes
of this nature at this time. If the ultimate determination of
our taxes owed in any of these jurisdictions is for an amount in
excess of the tax provision we have recorded or reserved for,
our operating results, cash flows, and financial condition could
be adversely affected.

     Fluctuations in our
quarterly financial results have affected the price of our
common stock in the past and could affect our stock price in the
future.

Our quarterly financial results have fluctuated in the past and
are likely to vary significantly in the future due to a number
of factors, many of which are outside of our control and which
could adversely affect our operations and operating results. In
addition, our acquisition of Veritas makes it more difficult for
us to predict, and securities analysts to develop expectations
regarding, our future financial results due to the risks
associated with the complexity of our combined business and the
integration of our management teams and operations. If our
quarterly financial results or our predictions of future
financial results fail to meet the expectations of securities
analysts and investors, our stock price could be negatively
affected. Any volatility in our quarterly financial results may
make it more difficult for us to raise capital in the future or
pursue acquisitions that involve issuances of our stock. Our
operating results for prior periods may not be effective
predictors of our future performance.

Factors associated with our industry, the operation of our
business, and the markets for our products may cause our
quarterly financial results to fluctuate, including:

• 

 Reduced demand for any of our products

• 

 Entry of new competition into our markets

• 

 Competitive pricing pressure for one or more of our classes of
 products

• 

 Our ability to timely complete the release of new or enhanced
 versions of our products

24

Table of Contents

• 

 The number, severity, and timing of threat outbreaks (e.g. worms
 and viruses)

• 

 Our resellers making a substantial portion of their purchases
 near the end of each quarter

• 

 Enterprise customers’ tendency to negotiate site licenses
 near the end of each quarter

• 

 Cancellation, deferral, or limitation of orders by customers

• 

 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates

• 

 Movement in interest rates

• 

 The rate of adoption of new product technologies and new
 releases of operating systems

• 

 Weakness or uncertainty in general economic or industry
 conditions in any of the multiple markets in which we operate
 that could reduce customer demand and ability to pay for our
 products and services

• 

 Political and military instability, which could slow spending
 within our target markets, delay sales cycles, and otherwise
 adversely affect our ability to generate revenues and operate
 effectively

• 

 Budgetary constraints of customers, which are influenced by
 corporate earnings and government budget cycles and spending
 objectives

• 

 Disruptions in our highly automated business operations caused
 by, among other things,

• 

 Earthquakes, floods, or other natural disasters affecting our
 headquarters located in Silicon Valley, California, an area
 known for seismic activity, or our other locations worldwide

• 

 Acts of war or terrorism

• 

 Intentional disruptions by third parties

Any of the foregoing factors could cause the trading price of
our common stock to fluctuate significantly.

     Our stock price may be
volatile in the future, and you could lose the value of your
investment.

The market price of our common stock has experienced significant
fluctuations in the past and may continue to fluctuate in the
future, and as a result you could lose the value of your
investment. The market price of our common stock may be affected
by a number of factors, including:

• 

 Announcements of quarterly operating results and revenue and
 earnings forecasts by us that fail to meet or be consistent with
 our earlier projections or the expectations of our investors or
 securities analysts

• 

 Announcements by either our competitors or customers that fail
 to meet or be consistent with their earlier projections or the
 expectations of our investors or securities analysts

• 

 Rumors, announcements, or press articles regarding our
 operations, management, organization, financial condition, or
 financial statements

• 

 Changes in revenue and earnings estimates by us, our investors,
 or securities analysts

• 

 Accounting charges, including charges relating to the impairment
 of goodwill

• 

 Announcements of planned acquisitions by us or by our competitors

• 

 Announcements of new or planned products by us, our competitors,
 or our customers

• 

 Gain or loss of a significant customer

• 

 Inquiries by the SEC, Nasdaq, law enforcement, or other
 regulatory bodies

• 

 Acts of terrorism, the threat of war, and other crises or
 emergency situations

• 

 Economic slowdowns or the perception of an oncoming economic
 slowdown in any of the major markets in which we operate

25

Table of Contents

The stock market in general, and the market prices of stocks of
technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme
price volatility that has adversely affected, and may continue
to adversely affect, the market price of our common stock for
reasons unrelated to our business or operating results.