. We encourage you to read that section carefully. 

3 

Table of Contents

PART I 

Item 1. 

Business

Overview 

Symantec Corporation protects
the world’s information and is a global leader in security, backup and availability solutions. Our market leading products and services protect people and information in any environment – from the smallest mobile device, to the enterprise
data center, to cloud-based systems. Founded in April 1982, Symantec operates one of the largest global threat-intelligence networks, and provides leading security, backup and availability solutions. The company has more than 20,000 employees in
more than 50 countries. Our Internet home page is www.symantec.com. Other than the information expressly set forth in this annual report, the information contained or referred to on our website is not part of this annual report. 

Strategy 

The recent transformation of
business and consumer technologies has driven pervasive mobility and an explosion of data resulting in the need for a new approach to protecting devices, applications, data and users. Further, the emergence of the Internet of Things, where new
devices and everyday objects are becoming networked and connected to the Internet for the first time, highlights the need for comprehensive information security and management solutions to protect valuable data. We believe that the market for
security and management solutions will benefit from these trends. As a platform-independent software company without bias to any individual operating system or hardware environment, Symantec helps customers manage more technologies with greater
efficiency and on a wide range of virtual and mobile platforms. 
In January 2013, we announced our strategy to transition from being
device-centric or protecting endpoints and the data center, to having a broader focus of protecting and managing digital information. We track a vast number of threat indicators across the Internet and continuously collect new telemetry from
hundreds of millions of mobile devices, endpoints, and servers across the globe. This massive amount of security data, combined with our years of experience analyzing such data allows us to provide advanced intelligence and protection for all of our
customers. 
During fiscal year 2014, we implemented changes in three areas: simplifying our organizational structure; redesigning our
Go-To-Market (“GTM”) strategy, and changing our product offerings. 
Simplifying our Organizational Structure

We aligned our organization by functional areas, rather than by market segments in order to reduce complexity, remove redundancies, increase
the speed of decision making, and improve accountability and execution. We reduced the number of management layers from our previous structure and increased the average span of control for managers. 

Redesigning our Go-To-Market Strategy

We split our direct field sales team into security and information management specialists focused on new business only and expanded their
territories to be more effective for our enterprise customers. We also built a renewals group in order to extend the customer relationship and make it easier to renew and do business with us. We redesigned our global channel strategy focused on
building partner competency, rewarding performance, and customer satisfaction. 

4 

Table of Contents

Changing our Product Offerings 

With a portfolio of leading products, we focused our development efforts on making our point solutions better, designing new integrated
solutions, and expanding our offerings by partnering with network security vendors to offer solutions that provide multi-tier protection. 
Business
Highlights 

During fiscal 2014, we took the following actions in support of our business: 

•

We released new solutions. Storage Foundation includes a disruptive new capability that abstracts in-server memory, allowing the sharing of flash storage across servers without the need for expensive storage hardware.
We offer a vendor-agnostic solution providing these benefits so customers can run any storage configuration while managing performance and redundancy entirely through software. NetBackup is designed for enterprise level scale, which can accommodate
hundreds of thousands of virtual machines and petabytes of data while giving customers faster recovery capabilities. As IT organizations move to software-defined data centers, they can now simplify and automate the protection of massive and complex
physical, virtual, and cloud environments which are the building blocks of a modern data center. Mobile App Center is an important enhancement to our integrated mobile workforce productivity solution and includes our Sealed program which delivers
enterprise-class security and control for both internally-developed and third- party apps on both iOS and Android operating systems. Our new Disarm technology uses a technique to protect companies from targeted attacks and is included in our
messaging offering. Norton solutions include new advanced repair capabilities, compatibility with the new features of Windows 8.1, and protect against new and evolving threats. 

•

We entered into key partnerships. We are working with Cisco to integrate technology into their Application Centric Infrastructure (ACI) architecture and extend into the infrastructure automation space. We continue to
work with several customers to integrate next-generation firewalls with Symantec Endpoint Protection using our Managed Security Service. This initiative will seek to provide a new set of enhanced advanced threat detection capabilities that will
enable our customers to automatically prioritize and provide comprehensive contextual intelligence for incidents based on correlation between network-based advanced threat detection, endpoint security, and Symantec’s Global Intelligence
Network. 

•

We enhanced our eBusiness platform into a digital experience that enables existing and potential customers to discover, purchase, and receive product help online with real-time customer care. This improves our ability
to reach and acquire a new set of customers by expanding our payment options, expanding our eBusiness platform on a global basis, and advancing our search capabilities. 

•

We attracted new technology executives, who bring valuable skills in holistic information protection product design, integrated IT implementation, cloud infrastructure, eCommerce, global operations, and customer
experience. 

•

We implemented a capital allocation strategy pursuant to which we expect to return over time approximately 50% of free cash flow to stockholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases, while still
enabling our company to invest in its future. As part of this program we initiated a quarterly cash dividend, targeting a yield of approximately 2.5% based on our closing stock price on May 1, 2013. On May 2, 2013, our board of directors
approved a quarterly dividend of $0.15 per share of common stock, the first dividend in Symantec’s history. 

•

Our board of directors approved an additional $1.0 billion stock repurchase program. This program does not have an expiration date. As of March 28, 2014, we repurchased 21 million shares of our common stock
for an aggregate amount of $500 million and $658 million remained authorized for future repurchases. 

5 

Table of Contents

Operating Segments and Products 

Our current operating segments are strategic business units that offer different products and services distinguished by customer needs. In the
first quarter of fiscal 2014, we modified our segment reporting structure to more readily match the new operating structure. The three operating segments are: User Productivity & Protection, Information Security, and Information
Management. 
User Productivity & Protection 

Symantec’s User Productivity & Protection segment focuses on making it simple for customers to be productive and protected at
home and at work. These products include our Norton solutions, endpoint security and management, encryption, and mobile offerings. 
Our
Norton products help customers protect against increasingly complex threats and address the need for identity protection, while also managing the rapid increase in mobile and digital data, such as personal financial records, photos, music, and
videos. Our endpoint security and management offerings support the evolving endpoint, providing advanced threat protection while helping reduce cost and complexity. Our mobile solutions help organizations secure corporate data while gaining
visibility into and control of all mobile platforms and enforcing security policies. 
Information Security 

Symantec’s Information Security segment protects organizations so they can securely conduct business while leveraging new platforms and
data. These products include Secure Socket Layer (“SSL”) Certificates, authentication, mail and web security, data center security, data loss prevention, and information security services offerings. 

These products and services help our customers ensure their confidential information is secure wherever it resides in the network path, from
the user’s device to the data’s resting place. In doing so, these products protect customer data from sophisticated threats such as advanced protection threats, malicious spam and phishing attacks, malware, drive-by website
infections, hackers, and cyber criminals. In addition, these products help to prevent the loss of confidential data by insiders, and help customers achieve compliance with laws and regulations. These solutions are delivered through various
methods, such as software, appliance, SaaS, and managed services. 
Information Management 

Symantec’s Information Management segment focuses on backup and recovery, archiving and eDiscovery, storage and high availability
solutions, helping to ensure that our customers’ IT infrastructure and mission-critical applications are protected, managed and available. 

Our products enable customers to reduce cost and complexity as we improve the way information is managed through the ever-evolving cloud and
virtualized environments. Our products are designed to ensure successful backup, recovery, availability, eDiscovery and archiving of information, applications, and systems for organizations ranging from small business to large enterprise. 

Financial Information by Segment and Geographic Region 

For information regarding our revenue by segment, revenue by geographical area, and property and equipment by geographical area, see Note 10
of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this annual report. For information regarding the amount and percentage of our revenue contributed by each of our segments and our financial information, including information about geographic
areas in which we operate, see Item 7, 

6 

Table of Contents

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this annual report. For
information regarding risks associated with our international operations, see Item 1A, 
Risk Factors. 

Sales and Go-To-Market Strategy

In fiscal year 2014, we made changes to our GTM strategy, reorganizing our direct sales force into specialist areas of security and
information management focused on selling new business. Concurrently, we created a dedicated renewals team that is focused on extending customer relationships and renewing our contracts. We also streamlined our indirect sales strategy to have fewer,
more focused partners with specialized partner programs to enhance sales. We believe these changes provide customers with a high-quality sales and post-sales support experience, while also enabling us to expand our business. 

Our GTM network includes a direct sales force, broad eCommerce capabilities, and indirect sales resources that support our global partner
ecosystem. We also maintain important relationships with a number of Original Equipment Manufacturers (“OEMs”), Internet Service Providers (“ISPs”), and retail and online stores by which we market and sell our products. 

We also made changes to our GTM marketing structure. We created a new Brand, Digital and Advertising team, focused on three GTM areas so that
we can effectively market our different products and services distinguished by customer needs. Our three GTM focus areas are as follows: Consumer and Small Business, Commercial, and Enterprise. 

Our Brand, Digital and Advertising team develops marketing activation plans to increase awareness, engagement, consideration, purchase,
retention, and advocacy for our brands. Our Brand efforts include digital marketing, social media, paid advertising (i.e. search, print, digital), search engine optimization, brand partnerships, CRM, video and other content production, and other
forms of demand generation and retention marketing. We also invest in cooperative marketing campaigns with distributors, resellers, retailers, OEMs, and industry partners. 

Consumer and Small Business

We sell our consumer products and services to individuals, households and small businesses globally. We bring these products to market through
our eCommerce platform, distributors, direct marketers, Internet-based resellers, system builders, ISPs, wireless carriers, and retailers worldwide. We also have partnerships with OEMs globally to distribute our Internet security suites and our
online backup offerings. 
Commercial 

We sell and market our products and related services to small, medium and large enterprise customers through field sales and inside sales
leveraging indirect sales partners around the world who are specifically trained and certified to sell our solutions. These partners include national solution providers, regional solution providers, national account resellers,
global/federal system integrators and managed service providers. Our products are also available on our eCommerce platform, as well as through authorized distributors and OEMs who incorporate our technologies into their products, bundle our products
with their offerings, or serve as authorized resellers of our products. 
Enterprise 

We sell and market our products and related services to the largest of enterprise organizations, including government and public sector
customers, through our field sales force. This field sales team is responsible for approximately 2,000 named accounts around the world, leveraging our global partner ecosystem primarily targeting senior executives and IT department personnel
responsible for managing a company’s highest-order IT initiatives. 

7 

Table of Contents

Research and Development 

Symantec embraces a global research and development (“R&D”) strategy to drive organic innovation. Engineers and researchers
throughout the Company pursue advanced projects to translate R&D into customer solutions by creating new technologies and integrating our unique set of technology assets. Symantec focuses on short, medium, and long-term applied research,
develops new products in emerging areas, participates in government-funded research projects, drives industry standards, and partners with universities to conduct research supporting Symantec’s strategy. 

Symantec’s Security Technology and Response organization is a global team of security engineers, threat analysts, and researchers that
provides the underlying functionality, content, and support for many of our consumer, small business and enterprise security products. Our security experts monitor malicious code reports collected through the Global Intelligence Network to provide
insight into emerging attacks, malicious code activity, phishing, spam, and other threats. The team uses this vast amount of data and insights to develop new technologies and approaches, such as Symantec’s reputation-based security technology,
to protect customer information. 
Research and development expenses, exclusive of in-process research and development associated with
acquisitions, were $1,038 million, $1,012 million, and $969 million in fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively, representing approximately 16% of revenue in fiscal 2014 and 15% and 14% of revenue in fiscal 2013 and 2012, respectively. We
believe that technical leadership is essential to our success and we expect to continue to commit substantial resources to R&D. 
Support 

Symantec has support facilities throughout the world, staffed by technical product experts knowledgeable in the operating environments in
which our products are deployed. Our technical support experts assist customers with issue resolution and threat detection. 
We provide
consumers with various levels of support offerings. Consumers that subscribe to LiveUpdate receive automatic downloads of the latest virus definitions, application bug fixes, and patches for most of our consumer products. Our standard consumer
support program provides self-help online services and phone, chat, and email support to consumers worldwide. Our Norton One membership features elite-level support, which includes an under two-minute wait time for phone calls, an instant call back
feature, and virus protection assurance. 
We provide customers various levels of enterprise support offerings. Our enterprise security
support program offers annual maintenance support contracts, including content, upgrades, and technical support. Our standard technical support includes: self-service options delivered by telephone or electronically during the contracted-for hours,
immediate patches for severe problems, periodic software updates, and access to our technical knowledge base and frequently asked questions. 
Customers

In fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012, there were no customers that accounted for more than 10% of our total net revenue. 

Acquisitions 

Our strategy will be
complemented by business combinations that fit strategically and meet specific profitability hurdles. Our acquisitions are designed to enhance the features and functionality of our existing products and extend our product leadership in core markets.
We consider time-to-market, synergies with existing products, and potential market share gains when evaluating the economics of acquisitions of technologies, product lines, or companies. We may acquire or dispose of other technologies, products, and
companies in the future. 

8 

Table of Contents

We did not make any material acquisitions during fiscal 2014. 

Competition 

Our markets are
consolidating, highly competitive, and subject to rapid changes in technology. The competitive landscape has changed significantly over the past few years, with new competition arising. Much of the market growth has come from startups whose focus is
on solving a specific customer issue or delivering a specific niche-oriented product and from larger integration providers that increasingly are looking to put various types of protection, whether it is backup, high availability or security, into
their platforms. We are focused on delivering comprehensive customer solutions, integrating across our broad product portfolio and partnering with other technology providers to differentiate ourselves from the competition. We believe that the
principal competitive factors necessary to be successful in our industry include product quality and effectiveness, time-to-market, price, reputation, financial stability, breadth of product offerings, customer support, brand recognition, and
effective sales and marketing efforts. 
In addition to the competition we face from direct competitors, we face indirect or potential
competition from retailers, application providers, operating system providers, network equipment manufacturers, and other OEMs who may provide various solutions and functions in their current and future products. We also compete for access to retail
distribution channels and for spending at the retail level and in corporate accounts. In addition, we compete with other software companies, operating system providers, network equipment manufacturers, and other OEMs to acquire technologies,
products, or companies and to publish software developed by third parties. We also compete with other software companies in our effort to place our products on the computer equipment sold to consumers and enterprises by OEMs. 

The competitive environments for our security and management products are described below. 

Security 

Most of
the channels in which our security products are offered are highly competitive. Some of our consumer competitors are intensely focused on customer acquisition, which has led competitors to offer their technology for free, engage in aggressive
marketing, or enter into competitive partnerships. Our primary security competitors are McAfee, Inc., owned by Intel Corporation, Microsoft Corporation (“Microsoft”), and Trend Micro Inc. There are also several freeware providers and
regional security companies that we compete against. For our consumer backup offerings, our primary competitors are Carbonite, Inc. and Mozy, Inc., owned by EMC Corporation (“EMC”). In the authentication services market, our primary
competitors are Comodo Group, Inc., RSA, the security division of EMC, Entrust, Inc., and GoDaddy.com, Inc. In the Software-as-a-Service (“SaaS”) security market, our primary competitors are Google Inc.’s Postini Services and
Microsoft. Our primary competitors in the managed services business are SecureWorks, Inc., owned by Dell, Inc., and Verizon Communications, Inc. 

Information Management 

The markets for storage management, backup, archiving, and eDiscovery are intensely competitive. Our primary competitors are CommVault
Systems, Inc., EMC, Hewlett-Packard Company, IBM, Oracle, and Veeam Software. 
Intellectual Property 

Protective Measures 

We regard some of the features of our internal operations, software, and documentation as proprietary and rely on copyright, patent, trademark
and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures, contractual arrangements, and other measures to protect our proprietary information. Our intellectual property is an important and valuable asset that enables us to gain recognition for our
products, services, and technology and enhance our competitive position. 

9 

Table of Contents

As part of our confidentiality procedures, we generally enter into non-disclosure agreements with
our employees, distributors, and corporate partners and we enter into license agreements with respect to our software, documentation, and other proprietary information. These license agreements are generally non-transferable and have either a
perpetual or subscription based time limited term. We also educate our employees on trade secret protection and employ measures to protect our facilities, equipment, and networks. 

Trademarks, Patents, Copyrights, and Licenses 

Symantec and the Symantec logo are trademarks or registered trademarks in the U.S. and other countries. In addition to Symantec and the
Symantec logo, we have used, registered, or applied to register other specific trademarks and service marks to help distinguish our products, technologies, and services from those of our competitors in the U.S. and foreign countries and
jurisdictions. We enforce our trademark, service mark, and trade name rights in the U.S. and abroad. The duration of our trademark registrations varies from country to country, and in the U.S. we generally are able to maintain our
trademark rights and renew any trademark registrations for as long as the trademarks are in use. 
We have more than 2,200 patents, in
addition to foreign patents and pending U.S. and foreign patent applications, which relate to various aspects of our products and technology. The duration of our patents is determined by the laws of the country of issuance and for the U.S. is
typically 17 years from the date of issuance of the patent or 20 years from the date of filing of the patent application resulting in the patent, which we believe is adequate relative to the expected lives of our products. 

Our products are protected under U.S. and international copyright laws and laws related to the protection of intellectual property and
proprietary information. We take measures to label such products with the appropriate proprietary rights notices, and we actively enforce such rights in the U.S. and abroad. However, these measures may not provide sufficient protection, and our
intellectual property rights may be challenged. In addition, we license some intellectual property from third parties for use in our products, and generally must rely on the third party to protect the licensed intellectual property rights. While we
believe that our ability to maintain and protect our intellectual property rights is important to our success, we also believe that our business as a whole is not materially dependent on any particular patent, trademark, license, or other
intellectual property right. 
Seasonality 

As is typical for many large software companies, our business is seasonal. Software license and maintenance orders are generally higher in our
third and fourth fiscal quarters and lower in our first and second fiscal quarters. A decline in license and maintenance orders is typical in the first quarter of our fiscal year as compared to license and maintenance orders in the fourth quarter of
the prior fiscal year. In addition, we generally receive a higher volume of software license and maintenance orders in the last month of a quarter, with orders concentrated in the latter part of that month. We believe that this seasonality primarily
reflects customer spending patterns and budget cycles, as well as the impact of compensation incentive plans for our sales personnel. Revenue generally reflects similar seasonal patterns but to a lesser extent than orders because revenue is not
recognized until an order is shipped or services are performed and other revenue recognition criteria are met, and because a significant portion of our in-period revenue comes from our deferred revenue balance. 

Employees 

As of March 28, 2014, we
employed more than 20,800 people worldwide, approximately 44% of whom reside in the U.S. Approximately 6,600 employees work in sales and marketing, 7,000 in research and development, 5,400 in support and services, and 1,800 in
management, manufacturing, and administration. 

10 

Table of Contents

Available Information 

Our Internet address is www.symantec.com. We make available free of charge our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on
Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on our investor relations
website located at www.symantec.com/invest. The information contained, or referred to, on our website is not part of this annual report unless expressly noted. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and
other information regarding our filings at 
http://www.sec.gov



A description of the risk factors associated with our business is set forth below. The list is not exhaustive and you should
carefully consider these risks and uncertainties before investing in our common stock. 
If we are unsuccessful at addressing our business
challenges, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected and our ability to invest in and grow our business could be limited. 

In January 2013, under the direction of our then-new chief executive officer, we commenced a plan to revitalize our business model, with a focus on
operations, sales and organizational structure with the goal of improving our existing products and services. At the same time we laid out a roadmap to develop new, innovative products and services that solve important unmet or underserved needs.
One set of challenges relates to leadership under our new business model as, in recent periods, we have experienced transitions of several senior officers, including our chief executive officer. While our board of directors remains committed to our
strategic direction, management transitions can be disruptive and result in loss of institutional focus and employee morale, making execution of business strategies more difficult. We are also in the process of seeking to address the challenges of
dynamic and accelerating market trends, such as the decline in the PC market, the market shift towards tablets within mobility and architectural shifts in the provision of security and storage solutions, all of which has made it more difficult for
us to compete effectively and requires us to improve our product and service offerings. A third set of challenges relates to GTM execution as we have significantly reorganized our sales structure and have only recently announced our new product
strategy. We may experience delays in the anticipated timing of activities related to our efforts to address these challenges and higher than expected or unanticipated execution costs. In addition, we are vulnerable to increased risks associated
with these efforts given our multiple business units and the broad range of geographic regions in which we and our customers and partners operate. If we do not succeed in these efforts, or if these efforts are more costly or time-consuming than
expected, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected, which could limit our ability to invest in and grow our business. 
If we
are unable to attract and retain qualified employees, lose key personnel, fail to integrate replacement personnel successfully, or fail to manage our employee base effectively, we may be unable to develop new and enhanced products and services,
effectively manage or expand our business, or increase our revenues. 

Our future success depends upon our ability to recruit and retain key
management, technical, sales, marketing, finance, and other personnel. Our officers and other key personnel are employees-at-will, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain them. Competition for people with the specific skills that we
require is significant. In order to attract and retain personnel in a competitive marketplace, we believe that we must provide a competitive compensation package, including cash and equity-based compensation. The volatility in our stock price may
from time to time adversely affect our ability to recruit or retain employees. In addition, we may be unable to obtain required stockholder approvals of future increases in the number of shares available for issuance under our equity compensation
plans, and accounting rules require us to treat the issuance of equity-based compensation as compensation expense. As a result, we may decide to issue fewer equity-based incentives and may be impaired in our efforts to attract and retain necessary
personnel. If we are unable to hire and retain qualified employees, or conversely, if we fail to manage employee performance or reduce staffing levels when required by market conditions, our business and operating results could be adversely
affected. 

11 

Table of Contents

Effective succession planning is also important to our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of
knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution. From time to time, key personnel leave our company and the incidence of this increased in recent periods following the transition within the
office of the chief executive officer (“CEO”) in 2013. In addition, we could experience similar departures following our recent chief executive officer transition. While we strive to reduce the negative impact of such changes, the loss of
any key employee could result in significant disruptions to our operations, including adversely affecting the timeliness of product releases, the successful implementation and completion of company initiatives, the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting, and the results of our operations. In addition, hiring, training, and successfully integrating replacement sales and other personnel could be time consuming, may cause
additional disruptions to our operations, and may be unsuccessful, which could negatively impact future revenues. These risks may be exacerbated by the uncertainty associated with the successive transitions in the office of the chief executive
officer. 
Fluctuations in demand for our products and services are driven by many factors, and a decrease in demand for our products could adversely
affect our financial results. 

We are subject to fluctuations in demand for our products and services due to a variety of factors, including
general economic conditions, competition, product obsolescence, technological change, shifts in buying patterns, financial difficulties and budget constraints of our current and potential customers, levels of broadband usage, awareness of security
threats to IT systems, and other factors. While such factors may, in some periods, increase product sales, fluctuations in demand can also negatively impact our product sales. If demand for our products and solutions declines, whether due to general
economic conditions or a shift in buying patterns, our revenues and margins would likely be adversely affected. 
If we are unable to develop new and
enhanced products and services that achieve widespread market acceptance, or if we are unable to continually improve the performance, features, and reliability of our existing products and services or adapt our business model to keep pace with
industry trends, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 

Our future success depends on our ability to respond to the
rapidly changing needs of our customers by developing or introducing new products, product upgrades, and services on a timely basis. We have in the past incurred, and will continue to incur, significant research and development expenses as we strive
to remain competitive. New product development and introduction involves a significant commitment of time and resources and is subject to a number of risks and challenges including: 

•

Managing the length of the development cycle for new products and product enhancements, which has frequently been longer than we originally expected 

•

Adapting to emerging and evolving industry standards and to technological developments by our competitors and customers 

•

Extending the operation of our products and services to new and evolving platforms, operating systems and hardware products, such as mobile devices 

•

Entering into new or unproven markets with which we have limited experience 

•

Managing new product and service strategies, including integrating our various security and storage technologies, management solutions, customer service, and support into unified enterprise security and storage
solutions 

•

Addressing trade compliance issues affecting our ability to ship our products 

•

Developing or expanding efficient sales channels 

•

Obtaining sufficient licenses to technology and technical access from operating system software vendors on reasonable terms to enable the development and deployment of interoperable products, including source code
licenses for certain products with deep technical integration into operating systems 

12 

Table of Contents

If we are not successful in managing these risks and challenges, or if our new products, product upgrades, and
services are not technologically competitive or do not achieve market acceptance, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 

We operate in a highly competitive environment, and our competitors may gain market share in the markets for our products that could adversely affect
our business and cause our revenues to decline. 

We operate in intensely competitive markets that experience rapid technological developments,
changes in industry standards, changes in customer requirements, and frequent new product introductions and improvements. If we are unable to anticipate or react to these competitive challenges or if existing or new competitors gain market share in
any of our markets, our competitive position could weaken and we could experience a decline in our sales that could adversely affect our business and operating results. To compete successfully, we must maintain an innovative research and development
effort to develop new products and services and enhance existing products and services, effectively adapt to changes in the technology or product rights held by our competitors, appropriately respond to competitive strategies, and effectively adapt
to technological changes and changes in the ways that our information is accessed, used, and stored within our enterprise and consumer markets. If we are unsuccessful in responding to our competitors or to changing technological and customer
demands, our competitive position and our financial results could be adversely affected. 
Our competitors include software vendors that offer software
products that directly compete with our product offerings. In addition to competing with these vendors directly for sales to end-users of our products, we compete with them for the opportunity to have our products bundled with the product offerings
of our strategic partners such as computer hardware OEMs and ISPs. Our competitors could gain market share from us if any of these strategic partners replace our products with the products of our competitors or if these partners more actively
promote our competitors’ products than our products. In addition, software vendors who have bundled our products with theirs may choose to bundle their software with their own or other vendors’ software or may limit our access to standard
product interfaces and inhibit our ability to develop products for their platform. In the future, further product development by these vendors could cause our software applications and services to become redundant, which could significantly impact
our sales and financial results. 
We face growing competition from network equipment, computer hardware manufacturers, large operating system providers
and other technology companies. These firms are increasingly developing and incorporating into their products data protection and storage and server management software that competes at some levels with our product offerings. Our competitive
position could be adversely affected to the extent that our customers perceive the functionality incorporated into these products as replacing the need for our products. 

Security protection is also offered by some of our competitors at prices lower than our prices or, in some cases is offered free of charge. Some companies
offer the lower-priced or free security products within their computer hardware or software products that we believe are inferior to our products and SaaS offerings. Our competitive position could be adversely affected to the extent that our
customers perceive these security products as replacing the need for more effective, full featured products and services such as those that we provide. The expansion of these competitive trends could have a significant negative impact on our sales
and financial results by causing, among other things, price reductions of our products, reduced profitability and loss of market share. 
Many of our
competitors have greater financial, technical, sales, marketing, or other resources than we do and consequently may have the ability to influence customers to purchase their products instead of ours. Further consolidation within our industry or
other changes in the competitive environment, such as Intel Corporation’s acquisition of McAfee, could result in larger competitors that compete with us on several levels. We also face competition from many smaller companies that specialize in
particular segments of the markets in which we compete. 

13 

Table of Contents

Our business models present execution and competitive risks. 

In recent years, our SaaS offerings have become increasingly critical in our business. Our competitors are rapidly developing and deploying SaaS offerings for
consumers and business customers. Pricing and delivery models are evolving. Devices and form factors influence how users access services in the cloud. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our own SaaS strategies. We cannot
assure you that our investments in and development of SaaS offerings will achieve the expected returns for us or that we will be able to compete successfully in the marketplace. In addition to software development costs, we are incurring costs to
build and maintain infrastructure to support SaaS offerings. These costs may reduce the operating margins we have previously achieved. Whether we are successful in this business model depends on our execution in a number of areas, including: 

•

Continuing to innovate and bring to market compelling cloud-based experiences that generate increasing traffic and market share; and 

•

Ensuring that our SaaS offerings meet the reliability expectations of our customers and maintain the security of their data. 

Our business depends on customers renewing their arrangements for maintenance, subscriptions, managed security services and SaaS offerings. 

A large portion of our revenue is derived from arrangements for maintenance, subscriptions, managed security services and SaaS offerings, yet existing
customers have no contractual obligation to purchase additional solutions after the initial subscription or contract period, and given our limited operating history, we are unable to accurately predict our customer renewal rates. Our customers’
renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including the level of their satisfaction with our solutions or our customer support, customer budgets and the pricing of our solutions compared with the solutions offered by
our competitors, any of which may cause our revenue to grow more slowly than expected, if at all. Accordingly, we must invest significant time and resources in providing ongoing value to our customers. If these efforts fail, or if our customers do
not renew for other reasons, or if they renew on terms less favorable to us, our revenue may decline and our business will suffer. 
Our increasing
focus on the delivery of products in an appliance form factor creates new business and financial risks. 

Since fiscal 2012, shipments of products
to customers in an appliance form factor have represented an increasingly larger part of our revenues, and we expect this trend to continue. The delivery of solutions in the form of appliances creates business and financial risks, including the
following: 

•

increased cost of components and contract manufacturing, as we do not own our manufacturing facilities; 

•

supply chain issues, including financial problems of contract manufacturers or component suppliers; 

•

a shortage of adequate component supply or manufacturing capacity that increases our costs and/or causes a delay in order fulfillment; 

•

excess inventory levels, which could lead to write-downs or obsolescence charges; 

•

additional reserves for product returns; 

•

challenges in managing our channel business; 

•

tax and trade compliance complications; and 

•

local field support of customers’ appliances. 

14 

Table of Contents

Defects, disruptions or risks related to the provision of our SaaS offerings could impair our ability to
deliver our services and could expose us to liability, damage our brand and reputation or otherwise negatively impact our business. 

Our SaaS
offerings may contain errors or defects that users identify after they begin using them that could result in unanticipated service interruptions, which could harm our reputation and our business. Since our customers use our SaaS offerings for
mission-critical protection from threats to electronic information, endpoint devices, and computer networks, any errors, defects, disruptions in service or other performance problems with our SaaS offerings could significantly harm our reputation
and may damage our customers’ businesses. If that occurs, customers could elect not to renew, or delay or withhold payment to us, we could lose future sales or customers may make warranty or other claims against us, which could result in an
increase in our provision for doubtful accounts, an increase in collection cycles for accounts receivable or the expense and risk of litigation. 
We
currently serve our SaaS-based customers from hosting facilities located across the globe. Damage to, or failure of, any significant element of these hosting facilities could result in interruptions in our service, which could harm our customers and
expose us to liability. Interruptions or failures in our service delivery could cause customers to terminate their subscriptions with us, could adversely affect our renewal rates, and could harm our ability to attract new customers. Our business
would also be harmed if our customers believe that our SaaS offerings are unreliable. 
Our SaaS offerings also involve the storage and transmission of
large amounts of our customers’ proprietary information, including sensitive and personally identifiable information. Breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure or unapproved dissemination of proprietary
information or sensitive or confidential data about us or our customers, including the potential loss or disclosure of such information or data as a result of fraud or other forms of deception, could expose us, our customers or the individuals
affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in litigation and potential liability for us, damage our brand and reputation or otherwise negatively impact our business. Despite our precautions and significant ongoing investments
to protect against such breaches, our security measures could be breached at any time and could result in unauthorized third parties obtaining access to our, or our customers’ data. Any actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our SaaS
offerings could reduce sales, and constrain consumer and business customer adoption of our SaaS offering. In addition, the cost and operational consequences of implementing further security measures could be significant. 

If we fail to manage our sales and distribution channels effectively or if our partners choose not to market and sell our products to their customers,
our operating results could be adversely affected. 

We sell our products to customers around the world through multi-tiered sales and distribution
networks. Sales through these different channels involve distinct risks, including the following: 
Direct Sales. A significant portion of our
revenues from enterprise products is derived from sales by our direct sales force to end-users. Special risks associated with direct sales include: 

•

Longer sales cycles associated with direct sales efforts 

•

Difficulty in hiring, retaining, and motivating our direct sales force, particularly through periods of transition in our organization 

•

Substantial amounts of training for sales representatives to become productive in selling our products and services, including regular updates to cover new and revised products, and associated delays and difficulties in
recognizing the expected benefits of investments in new products and updates 

15 

Table of Contents

Indirect Sales Channels. A significant portion of our revenues is derived from sales through indirect
channels, including distributors that sell our products to end-users and other resellers. This channel involves a number of risks, including: 

•

Our lack of control over the timing of delivery of our products to end-users 

•

Our resellers and distributors are generally not subject to minimum sales requirements or any obligation to market our products to their customers 

•

Our reseller and distributor agreements are generally nonexclusive and may be terminated at any time without cause 

•

Our resellers and distributors frequently market and distribute competing products and may, from time to time, place greater emphasis on the sale of these products due to pricing, promotions, and other terms offered by
our competitors 

•

The consolidation of electronics retailers has increased their negotiating power with respect to hardware and software providers such as us 

OEM Sales Channels. A portion of our revenues is derived from sales through our OEM partners that incorporate our products into, or bundle our products
with, their products. Our reliance on this sales channel involves many risks, including: 

•

Our lack of control over the volume of systems shipped and the timing of such shipments 

•

Our OEM partners are generally not subject to minimum sales requirements or any obligation to market our products to their customers 

•

Our OEM partners may terminate or renegotiate their arrangements with us and new terms may be less favorable due to competitive conditions in our markets and other factors 

•

Sales through our OEM partners are subject to changes in general economic conditions, strategic direction, competitive risks, and other issues that could result in a reduction of OEM sales 

•

The development work that we must generally undertake under our agreements with our OEM partners may require us to invest significant resources and incur significant costs with little or no assurance of ever receiving
associated revenues 

•

The time and expense required for the sales and marketing organizations of our OEM partners to become familiar with our products may make it more difficult to introduce those products to the market 

•

Our OEM partners may develop, market, and distribute their own products and market and distribute products of our competitors, which could reduce our sales 

If we fail to manage our sales and distribution channels successfully, these channels may conflict with one another or otherwise fail to perform as we
anticipate, which could reduce our sales and increase our expenses as well as weaken our competitive position. Some of our distribution partners have experienced financial difficulties in the past, and if our partners suffer financial difficulties
in the future because of general economic conditions or for other reasons, these partners may delay paying their obligations to us and we may have reduced sales or increased bad debt expense that could adversely affect our operating results. In
addition, reliance on multiple channels subjects us to events that could cause unpredictability in demand, which could increase the risk that we may be unable to plan effectively for the future, and could result in adverse operating results in
future periods. 
Over the long term we intend to invest in research and development activities, and these investments may achieve delayed, or lower
than expected, benefits which could harm our operating results. 

While we intend to focus on managing our costs and expenses, over the long term,
we also intend to invest in research and development activities as we focus on organic growth through internal innovation. We are likely to recognize the costs associated with these investments earlier than some of the anticipated benefits, and the
return on these investments may be lower, or may develop more slowly, than we expect. If we do not achieve the benefits anticipated from these investments, or if the achievement of these benefits is delayed, our operating results may be adversely
affected. 

16 

Table of Contents

Changes in industry structure and market conditions could lead to charges related to discontinuances of
certain of our products or businesses and asset impairments. 

In response to changes in industry and market conditions, we may be required to
strategically reallocate our resources and consider restructuring, disposing of, or otherwise exiting businesses. Any decision to limit investment in or dispose of or otherwise exit businesses may result in the recording of special charges, such as
inventory and technology-related write-offs, workforce reduction costs, charges relating to consolidation of excess facilities, or claims from third parties who were resellers or users of discontinued products. Our estimates with respect to the
useful life or ultimate recoverability of our carrying basis of assets, including purchased intangible assets, could change as a result of such assessments and decisions. Although in certain instances, our supply agreements allow us the option to
cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to firm orders being placed, our loss contingencies may include liabilities for contracts that we cannot cancel, reschedule or adjust with contract manufacturers and
suppliers. Further, our estimates relating to the liabilities for excess facilities are affected by changes in real estate market conditions. Additionally, we are required to evaluate goodwill impairment on an annual basis and between annual
evaluations in certain circumstances, and future goodwill impairment evaluations may result in a charge to earnings. 
Our inability to successfully
recover from a disaster or other business continuity event could impair our ability to deliver our products and services and harm our business. 

We are heavily reliant on our technology and infrastructure to provide our products and services to our customers. For example, we host many of our products
using third-party data center facilities and we do not control the operation of these facilities. These facilities are vulnerable to damage, interruption or performance problems from earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, power loss,
telecommunications failures and similar events. They are also subject to break-ins, computer viruses, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and other misconduct. The occurrence of a natural disaster or an act of terrorism, a decision to close the
facilities without adequate notice or other unanticipated problems could result in lengthy interruptions in the delivery of our products and services. 

Furthermore, our business administration, human resources and finance services depend on the proper functioning of our computer, telecommunication and other
related systems and operations. A disruption or failure of these systems or operations because of a disaster or other business continuity event could cause data to be lost or otherwise delay our ability to complete sales and provide the highest
level of service to our customers. In addition we could have difficulty producing accurate financial statements on a timely basis which could affect the trading value of our stock. Although we endeavor to ensure there is redundancy in these systems
and that they are regularly backed-up, there are no assurances that data recovery in the event of a disaster would be effective or occur in an efficient manner. 

Any errors, defects, disruptions or other performance problems with our products and services could harm our reputation and may damage our customers’
businesses. For example, we may experience disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, capacity constraints due to an overwhelming number of users
accessing our website simultaneous, fraud or security attacks. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within an acceptable period of time. Interruptions in our products and services could
impact our revenues or cause customers to cease doing business with us. In addition, our business would be harmed if any of events of this nature caused our customers and potential customers to believe our services are unreliable. Our operations are
dependent upon our ability to protect our technology infrastructure against damage from business continuity events that could have a significant disruptive effect on our operations. We could potentially lose customer data or experience material
adverse interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our clients in a disaster recovery scenario. 

17 

Table of Contents

We are currently planning and designing information systems enhancements, and problems with the design or
implementation of these enhancements could interfere with our business and operations. 

We are currently in the process of significantly enhancing
our information systems, including planning and designing a new enterprise resource planning system. The implementation of significant enhancements to information systems is frequently disruptive to the underlying business of an enterprise, which
may especially be the case for us due to the size and complexity of our businesses. Any disruptions relating to our systems enhancements, particularly any disruptions impacting our operations during the design or implementation periods, could
adversely affect our ability to process customer orders, ship products, provide services and support to our customers, bill and track our customers, fulfill contractual obligations, and otherwise run our business. Even if we do not encounter these
adverse effects, the planning, designing and implementation may be much more costly than we anticipated. If we are unable to successfully plan, design or implement the information systems enhancements as planned, our financial position, results of
operations, and cash flows could be negatively impacted. 
We have grown, and may continue to grow, through acquisitions, which gives rise to risks
and challenges that could adversely affect our future financial results. 

We have in the past acquired, and we expect to acquire in the future,
other businesses, business units, and technologies. Acquisitions can involve a number of special risks and challenges, including: 

•

Complexity, time, and costs associated with the integration of acquired business operations, workforce, products, and technologies 

•

Diversion of management time and attention 

•

Loss or termination of employees, including costs associated with the termination or replacement of those employees 

•

Assumption of liabilities of the acquired business, including litigation related to the acquired business 

•

The addition of acquisition-related debt as well as increased expenses and working capital requirements 

•

Dilution of stock ownership of existing stockholders 

•

Substantial accounting charges for restructuring and related expenses, write-off of in-process research and development, impairment of goodwill, amortization of intangible assets, and stock-based compensation expense

If integration of our acquired businesses is not successful, we may not realize the potential benefits of an acquisition or suffer other
adverse effects. To integrate acquired businesses, we must implement our technology systems in the acquired operations and integrate and manage the personnel of the acquired operations. We also must effectively integrate the different cultures of
acquired business organizations into our own in a way that aligns various interests, and may need to enter new markets in which we have no or limited experience and where competitors in such markets have stronger market positions. 

Any of the foregoing, and other factors, could harm our ability to achieve anticipated levels of profitability from our acquired businesses or to realize
other anticipated benefits of acquisitions. 
Our international operations involve risks that could increase our expenses, adversely affect our
operating results, and require increased time and attention of our management. 

We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from customers
located outside of the U.S. and we have significant operations outside of the U.S., including engineering, sales, customer support, and production. We plan to expand our international operations, but such expansion is contingent upon our
identification of growth opportunities. Our international operations are subject to risks in addition to those faced by our domestic operations, including: 

•

Potential loss of proprietary information due to misappropriation or laws that may be less protective of our intellectual property rights than U.S. laws or that may not be adequately enforced 

18 

Table of Contents

•

Requirements of foreign laws and other governmental controls, including trade and labor restrictions and related laws that reduce the flexibility of our business operations 

•

Regulations or restrictions on the use, import, or export of encryption technologies that could delay or prevent the acceptance and use of encryption products and public networks for secure communications

•

Local business and cultural factors that differ from our normal standards and practices, including business practices that we are prohibited from engaging in by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other
anti-corruption laws and regulations 

•

Central bank and other restrictions on our ability to repatriate cash from our international subsidiaries or to exchange cash in international subsidiaries into cash available for use in the U.S. 

•

Fluctuations in currency exchange rates, economic instability and inflationary conditions could reduce our customers’ ability to obtain financing for software products or that could make our products more expensive
or could increase our costs of doing business in certain countries 

•

Limitations on future growth or inability to maintain current levels of revenues from international sales if we do not invest sufficiently in our international operations 

•

Longer payment cycles for sales in foreign countries and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable 

•

Difficulties in staffing, managing, and operating our international operations, including difficulties related to administering our stock plans in some foreign countries 

•

Difficulties in coordinating the activities of our geographically dispersed and culturally diverse operations 

•

Seasonal reductions in business activity in the summer months in Europe and in other periods in other countries 

•

Costs and delays associated with developing software and providing support in multiple languages 

•

Political unrest, war, or terrorism, or regional natural disasters, particularly in areas in which we have facilities 

A significant portion of our transactions outside of the U.S. are denominated in foreign currencies. Accordingly, our revenues and expenses will continue to
be subject to fluctuations in foreign currency rates. We expect to be affected by fluctuations in foreign currency rates in the future, especially if international sales continue to grow as a percentage of our total sales or our operations outside
the United States continue to increase. 
The level of corporate tax from sales to our non-U.S. customers is generally less than the level of tax from
sales to our U.S. customers. This benefit is contingent upon existing tax regulations in the U.S. and in the countries in which our international operations are located. Future changes in domestic or international tax regulations could adversely
affect our ability to continue to realize these tax benefits. 
Our products are complex and operate in a wide variety of environments, systems,
applications and configurations, which could result in errors or product failures. 

Because we offer very complex products, undetected errors,
failures, or bugs may occur, especially when products are first introduced or when new versions are released. Our products are often installed and used in large-scale computing environments with different operating systems, system management
software, and equipment and networking configurations, which may cause errors or failures in our products or may expose undetected errors, failures, or bugs in our products. Our customers’ computing environments are often characterized by a
wide variety of standard and non-standard configurations that make pre-release testing for programming or compatibility errors very difficult and time-consuming. In addition, despite testing by us and others, errors, failures, or bugs may not be
found in new products or releases until after commencement of commercial shipments. In the past, we have discovered software errors, failures, and bugs in certain of our product offerings after their introduction and, in some cases, have experienced
delayed or lost revenues as a result of these errors. 
Errors, failures, or bugs in products released by us could result in negative publicity, damage to
our brand, product returns, loss of or delay in market acceptance of our products, loss of competitive position, or claims by 

19 

Table of Contents

customers or others. Many of our end-user customers use our products in applications that are critical to their businesses and may have a greater sensitivity to defects in our products than to
defects in other, less critical, software products. In addition, if an actual or perceived breach of information integrity or availability occurs in one of our end-user customer’s systems, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to our
products, the market perception of the effectiveness of our products could be harmed. Alleviating any of these problems could require significant expenditures of our capital and other resources and could cause interruptions, delays, or cessation of
our product licensing, which could cause us to lose existing or potential customers and could adversely affect our operating results. 
If we do not
protect our proprietary information and prevent third parties from making unauthorized use of our products and technology, our financial results could be harmed. 

Most of our software and underlying technology is proprietary. We seek to protect our proprietary rights through a combination of confidentiality agreements
and procedures and through copyright, patent, trademark, and trade secret laws. However, all of these measures afford only limited protection and may be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented by third parties. Third parties may copy all or
portions of our products or otherwise obtain, use, distribute, and sell our proprietary information without authorization. 
Third parties may also develop
similar or superior technology independently by designing around our patents. Our shrink-wrap license agreements are not signed by licensees and therefore may be unenforceable under the laws of some jurisdictions. Furthermore, the laws of some
foreign countries do not offer the same level of protection of our proprietary rights as the laws of the U.S., and we may be subject to unauthorized use of our products in those countries. The unauthorized copying or use of our products or
proprietary information could result in reduced sales of our products. Any legal action to protect proprietary information that we may bring or be engaged in with a strategic partner or vendor could adversely affect our ability to access software,
operating system, and hardware platforms of such partner or vendor, or cause such partner or vendor to choose not to offer our products to their customers. In addition, any legal action to protect proprietary information that we may bring or be
engaged in, alone or through our alliances with the Business Software Alliance (“BSA”), or the Software & Information Industry Association (“SIIA”), could be costly, may distract management from day-to-day operations,
and may lead to additional claims against us, which could adversely affect our operating results. 
From time to time we are a party to class action
and other lawsuits and investigations, which typically require significant management time and attention and result in significant legal expenses, and which could, if not determined favorably, negatively impact our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows. 

We have been named as a party to class action lawsuits, and we may be named in additional litigation. For
example, during the first quarter of fiscal 2013, we were advised by the Commercial Litigation Branch of the Department of Justice’s Civil Division and the Civil Division of the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the District of Columbia that the
government is investigating our compliance with certain provisions of our U.S. General Services Administration Multiple Award Schedule Contract No. GS-35F-0240T effective January 24, 2007, including provisions relating to pricing, country of
origin, accessibility, and the disclosure of commercial sales practices. The expense of defending such litigation may be costly and divert management’s attention from the day-to-day operations of our business, which could adversely affect our
business, results of operations, and cash flows. In addition, an unfavorable outcome in such litigation could result in significant fines, settlements, monetary damages or injunctive relief that could negatively impact our ability to conduct our
business, results of operations, and cash flows. 
Third parties claiming that we infringe their proprietary rights could cause us to incur
significant legal expenses and prevent us from selling our products. 

From time to time, we receive claims that we have infringed the intellectual
property rights of others, including claims regarding patents, copyrights, and trademarks. Because of constant technological change in the segments 

20 

Table of Contents

in which we compete, the extensive patent coverage of existing technologies, and the rapid rate of issuance of new patents, it is possible that the number of these claims may grow. In addition,
former employers of our former, current, or future employees may assert claims that such employees have improperly disclosed to us the confidential or proprietary information of these former employers. Any such claim, with or without merit, could
result in costly litigation and distract management from day-to-day operations. If we are not successful in defending such claims, we could be required to stop selling, delay shipments of, or redesign our products, pay monetary amounts as damages,
enter into royalty or licensing arrangements, or satisfy indemnification obligations that we have with some of our customers. We cannot assure you that any royalty or licensing arrangements that we may seek in such circumstances will be available to
us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. We have made and expect to continue making significant expenditures to investigate, defend and settle claims related to the use of technology and intellectual property rights as part of our strategy to
manage this risk. 
In addition, we license and use software from third parties in our business. These third party software licenses may not continue to be
available to us on acceptable terms or at all, and may expose us to additional liability. This liability, or our inability to use any of this third party software, could result in shipment delays or other disruptions in our business that could
materially and adversely affect our operating results. 
Fluctuations in our quarterly financial results have affected the price of our common stock
in the past and could affect our stock price in the future. 

Our quarterly financial results have fluctuated in the past and are likely to vary
significantly in the future due to a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control and which could adversely affect our operations and operating results. If our quarterly financial results or our predictions of future financial results
fail to meet our expectations or the expectations of securities analysts and investors, our stock price could be negatively affected. Any volatility in our quarterly financial results may make it more difficult for us to raise capital in the future
or pursue acquisitions that involve issuances of our stock. Our operating results for prior periods may not be effective predictors of our future performance. 

Factors associated with our industry, the operation of our business, and the markets for our products may cause our quarterly financial results to fluctuate,
including: 

•

Reduced demand for any of our products 

•

Customer renewal rates 

•

Entry of new competition into our markets 

•

Competitive pricing pressure for one or more of our classes of products 

•

Our ability to timely complete the release of new or enhanced versions of our products 

•

How well we execute our strategy and operating plans and the impact of changes in our business model that could result in significant restructuring charges 

•

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates 

•

The number, severity, and timing of threat outbreaks (e.g. worms and viruses) 

•

Our resellers making a substantial portion of their purchases near the end of each quarter 

•

Enterprise customers’ tendency to negotiate site licenses near the end of each quarter 

•

Cancellation, deferral, or limitation of orders by customers 

•

Changes in the mix or type of products sold 

•

Movements in interest rates 

•

The rate of adoption of new product technologies and new releases of operating systems 

•

Weakness or uncertainty in general economic or industry conditions in any of the multiple markets in which we operate that could reduce customer demand and ability to pay for our products and services 

•

Political and military instability, which could slow spending within our target markets, delay sales cycles, and otherwise adversely affect our ability to generate revenues and operate effectively 

•

Budgetary constraints of customers, which are influenced by corporate earnings and government budget cycles and spending objectives 

21 

Table of Contents

•

Disruptions in our business operations or target markets caused by, among other things, earthquakes, floods, or other natural disasters affecting our headquarters located in Silicon Valley, California, an area known for
seismic activity, or our other locations worldwide 

•

Acts of war or terrorism 

•

Intentional disruptions by third parties 

•

Health or similar issues, such as a pandemic 

Any of the foregoing factors could cause the trading price of
our common stock to fluctuate significantly. 
Adverse global economic events may harm our business, operating results and financial condition.

Adverse macroeconomic conditions could negatively affect our business, operating results or financial condition under a number of different
scenarios. During challenging economic times and periods of high unemployment, current or potential customers may delay or forgo decisions to license new products or additional instances of existing products, upgrade their existing hardware or
operating environments (which upgrades are often a catalyst for new purchases of our software), or purchase services. Customers may also have difficulties in obtaining the requisite third-party financing to complete the purchase of our products and
services. An adverse macroeconomic environment could also subject us to increased credit risk should customers be unable to pay us, or delay paying us, for previously purchased products and services. Accordingly, reserves for doubtful accounts and
write-offs of accounts receivable may increase. In addition, weakness in the market for end users of our products could harm the cash flow of our distributors and resellers who could then delay paying their obligations to us or experience other
financial difficulties. This would further increase our credit risk exposure and, potentially, cause delays in our recognition of revenue on sales to these customers. 

In addition, the onset or continuation of adverse economic conditions may make it more difficult to obtain financing for our operations, investing activities
(including potential acquisitions) or financing activities. Specific economic trends, such as declines in the demand for PCs, servers, and other computing devices, or softness in corporate information technology spending, could have an even more
direct, and harmful, impact on our business. 
Our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not effectively
manage our liabilities. 

As a result of the sale of our 2.75% senior notes (“2.75% notes due 2015”) and 4.20% senior notes (“4.20%
notes”) in September 2010, and 2.75% senior notes (“2.75 notes due 2017”) and 3.95% senior notes (“3.95% notes”) in June 2012, we have notes outstanding in an aggregate principal amount of $2.1 billion that mature at
specific dates in calendar years 2015, 2017, 2020, and 2022. In addition, we have entered into a credit facility with a borrowing capacity of $1 billion. From time to time in the future, we may also incur indebtedness in addition to the amount
available under our credit facility. The maintenance of our debt levels could adversely affect our flexibility to take advantage of certain corporate opportunities and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We may
be required to use all or a substantial portion of our cash balance to repay these notes on maturity unless we can obtain new financing. 
Our
software products, SaaS Offerings and website may be subject to intentional disruption that could adversely impact our reputation and future sales. 

Despite our precautions and significant ongoing investments to protect against security risks, data protection breaches, cyber-attacks and other intentional
disruptions of our products and offerings, we expect to be an ongoing target of attacks specifically designed to impede the performance of our products and offerings and harm our reputation as a company. Similarly, experienced computer programmers
may attempt to penetrate our network security or the security of our website and misappropriate proprietary information or cause interruptions of our services. Because the techniques used by such computer programmers to access or sabotage networks

22 

Table of Contents

change frequently and may not be recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques. The theft or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and
other confidential business information as a result of such an event could adversely affect our competitive position, reputation, brand and future sales of our products, and our customers may assert claims against us related to resulting losses of
confidential or proprietary information. Our business could be subject to significant disruption, and we could suffer monetary and other losses and reputational harm, in the event of such incidents and claims. 

Some of our products contain “open source” software, and any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open source licenses
could negatively affect our business. 

Certain of our products are distributed with software licensed by its authors or other third parties under
so-called “open source” licenses, which may include, by way of example, the GNU General Public License, GNU Lesser General Public License, the Mozilla Public License, the BSD License, and the Apache License. Some of these licenses contain
requirements that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon the open source software, and that we license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of a particular open source license or
other license granting third parties certain rights of further use. By the terms of certain open source licenses, we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software if we combine our proprietary software with open source
software in a certain manner. In addition to risks related to license requirements, usage of open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or
controls on origin of the software. We have established processes to help alleviate these risks, including a review process for screening requests from our development organizations for the use of open source, but we cannot be sure that all open
source is submitted for approval prior to use in our products. In addition, many of the risks associated with usage of open source cannot be eliminated, and could, if not properly addressed, negatively affect our business. 

If we are unable to adequately address increased customer demands on our technical support services, our relationships with our customers and our
financial results may be adversely affected. 

We offer technical support services with many of our products. We may be unable to respond quickly
enough to accommodate short-term increases in customer demand for support services. We also may be unable to modify the format of our support services to compete with changes in support services provided by competitors or successfully integrate
support for our customers. Further customer demand for these services, without corresponding revenues, could increase costs and adversely affect our operating results. 

We have outsourced a substantial portion of our worldwide consumer support functions to third party service providers. If these companies experience financial
difficulties, do not maintain sufficiently skilled workers and resources to satisfy our contracts, or otherwise fail to perform at a sufficient level under these contracts, the level of support services to our customers may be significantly
disrupted, which could materially harm our relationships with these customers. 
We sell products to the U.S. government under contracts that include
special compliance obligations and subject us to audits and reviews by various agencies of the U.S. government. Any failure to meet these obligations, or an adverse outcome in an audit or investigation, could result in civil damages and/or penalties
being assessed against us by the government. 

We have sold products through our GSA Schedule contract. Our GSA Schedule contract contains
provisions that require us to provide customers purchasing through that contract with negotiated favorable pricing as compared to certain non-federal customers, and requires us to monitor aspects of our commercial sales practices to ensure
compliance with that pricing obligation. In the ordinary course of business, sales under our GSA Schedule contract may be subject to audit or investigation by the U.S. government. Noncompliance with the provisions of the contract identified as a
result of such reviews (as well as noncompliance identified on our own) could subject us to damages and other penalties, which would adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 

23 

Table of Contents

On June 4, 2012, we were advised by the Commercial Litigation Branch of the Department of Justice’s
Civil Division and the Civil Division of the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the District of Columbia that the government is investigating our compliance with certain provisions of our GSA Schedule contract, including provisions relating to pricing,
country of origin, accessibility, and the disclosure of commercial sales practices. The Department of Justice has requested that we preserve, among other things, all records relating to GSA Schedule contracting activity. As reported on the
GSA’s publicly-available database, our total sales under the GSA Schedule contract were approximately $222 million from the period beginning January 2007 and ending September 2012. 

We are cooperating with the investigation and we are unable, at this time, to predict the likely outcome. It is possible that the investigation could lead to
claims or findings of violations of the False Claims Act in connection with our GSA contracting activity. Violations of the False Claims Act could result in the imposition of damages, including up to treble damages, plus civil penalties in some
cases. To the extent the investigation leads to any such claims or findings, the cost to resolve this matter would adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Any negative publicity related to our government customer contracts or
any proceedings surrounding them, regardless of the outcome of this matter, may also damage our business by affecting our ability to compete for new contracts. 

Accounting charges may cause fluctuations in our quarterly financial results. 

Our financial results have been in the past, and may continue to be in the future, materially affected by non-cash and other accounting charges, including:

•

Amortization of intangible assets 

•

Impairment of goodwill and other long-lived assets 

•

Stock-based compensation expense 

•

Restructuring charges 

•

Loss on sale of a business and similar write-downs of assets held for sale 

Our effective tax rate may
increase, which could increase our income tax expense and reduce (increase) our net income (loss). 

Our effective tax rate could be adversely
affected by several factors, many of which are outside of our control, including: 

•

Changes in the relative proportions of revenues and income before taxes in the various jurisdictions in which we operate that have differing statutory tax rates 

•

Changing tax laws, regulations, and interpretations in multiple jurisdictions in which we operate, including possible corporate tax reform in the United States, and proposed actions by international bodies such as the
OECD, as well as the requirements of certain tax rulings 

•

The tax effects of purchase accounting for acquisitions and restructuring charges that may cause fluctuations between reporting periods 

•

Tax assessments, or any related tax interest or penalties that could significantly affect our income tax expense for the period in which the settlements take place 

The price of our common stock could decline if our financial results are materially affected by an adverse change in our effective tax rate. 

We report our results of operations based on our determination of the aggregate amount of taxes owed in the tax jurisdictions in which we operate. From time
to time, we receive notices that a tax authority in a particular jurisdiction believes that we owe a greater amount of tax than we have reported to such authority. We are regularly engaged in discussions and sometimes disputes with these tax
authorities. We are engaged in disputes of this nature at this time. If the ultimate determination of our taxes owed in any of these jurisdictions is for an 

24 

Table of Contents

amount in excess of the tax provision we have recorded or reserved for, our operating results, cash flows, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Our stock price may be volatile in the future, and you could lose the value of your investment. 

The market price of our common stock has experienced significant fluctuations in the past and may continue to fluctuate in the future, and as a result you
could lose the value of your investment. The market price of our common stock may be affected by a number of factors, including: 

•

Announcements of quarterly operating results and revenue and earnings forecasts by us that fail to meet or be consistent with our earlier projections or the expectations of our investors or securities analysts

•

Announcements by either our competitors or customers that fail to meet or be consistent with their earlier projections or the expectations of our investors or securities analysts 

•

Rumors, announcements, or press articles regarding our or our competitors’ operations, management, organization, financial condition, or financial statements 

•

Changes in revenue and earnings estimates by us, our investors, or securities analysts 

•

Accounting charges, including charges relating to the impairment of goodwill 

•

Announcements of planned acquisitions or dispositions by us or by our competitors 

•

Announcements of new or planned products by us, our competitors, or our customers 

•

Gain or loss of a significant customer, partner, reseller or distributor 

•

Inquiries by the SEC, NASDAQ, law enforcement, or other regulatory bodies 

•

Acts of terrorism, the threat of war, and other crises or emergency situations 

•

Economic slowdowns or the perception of an oncoming economic slowdown in any of the major markets in which we operate 

The stock market in general, and the market prices of stocks of technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price volatility that has
adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to our business or operating results. 

Unforeseen catastrophic or other global events could harm our operating results and financial condition 

We are a global company and conduct our business inside and outside the United States. Our business operations and financial results could be adversely
impacted by unforeseen catastrophic or other global events, including an epidemic or a pandemic, acts of war or terrorist attacks, cyber-attacks, natural disasters, or political unrest or turmoil. Unforeseen political turmoil, military escalations,
and armed conflict pose a risk of economic disruption in the countries in which they occur and in other countries, which may increase our operating costs. Such incidences of uncertainty could disrupt customers’ spending on our products and
services which may adversely affect our revenue. In addition, our corporate headquarters are located in the Silicon Valley area of Northern California, a region known for seismic activity. A significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, could
have a material adverse impact on our business operations, target markets, operating results, and financial condition.