Our Low Margin Business May Be Negatively Impacted by Product Cost Deflation, Product Cost
Inflation or Other Economic Conditions

     The foodservice distribution industry is characterized by relatively high inventory
turnover with relatively low profit margins. We make a significant portion of our sales at prices
that are based on the cost of products we sell plus a percentage markup. As a result, our profit
levels may be negatively impacted during periods of product cost deflation, even though our gross
profit percentage may remain relatively constant. Prolonged periods of product cost inflation also
may have a negative impact on our profit margins and earnings to the extent that we are unable to
pass on such product cost increases. The foodservice industry is sensitive to national and regional
economic conditions. Inflation, fuel costs and other factors affecting consumer confidence and the
frequency and amount spent by consumers for food prepared away from home may negatively impact our
sales and operating results. Our operating results are also sensitive to, and may be adversely
affected by, other factors, including difficulties collecting accounts receivable, competitive
price pressures, severe weather conditions and unexpected increases in fuel or other
transportation-related costs. Although these factors have not had a material adverse impact on our
past operations, there can be no assurance that one or more of these factors will not adversely
affect future operating results.

Increased Fuel Costs Can Lower Demand for our Products and Increase our Costs

     Increased fuel costs can have a negative impact on our results of operations. The high
cost of fuel can negatively impact consumer confidence and discretionary spending and thus reduce
the frequency and amount spent by consumers for food prepared away from home. The high cost of fuel
can also increase the price paid by us for products as well as the costs incurred by us to deliver
products to our customers. These factors in turn may negatively impact our sales, margins,
operating expenses and operating results.

Conditions Beyond our Control can Interrupt our Supplies and Increase our Product Costs

     We obtain substantially all of our foodservice and related products from third party
suppliers. For the most part, we do not have long-term contracts with our suppliers committing them
to provide products to us. Although our purchasing volume can provide leverage when dealing with
suppliers, suppliers may not provide the foodservice products and supplies needed by us in the
quantities and at the prices requested. Because we do not control the actual production of the
products we sell, we are also subject to delays caused by interruption in production and increases
in product costs based on conditions outside of our control. These conditions include work
slowdowns, work interruptions, strikes or other job actions by employees of suppliers, weather,
crop conditions, transportation interruptions, unavailability of fuel or increases in fuel costs,
competitive demands and natural disasters or other catastrophic events (including, but not limited
to, the outbreak of avian flu or similar food-borne illnesses in the United States and Canada). Our
inability to obtain adequate supplies of our foodservice and related products as a result of any of
the foregoing factors or otherwise could mean that we could not fulfill our obligations to
customers, and customers may turn to other distributors.

Taxing Authorities May Successfully Challenge our Baugh Supply Chain Cooperative Structure

     The National Supply Chain project involved the creation of the BSCC which administers a
consolidated product procurement program to develop, obtain and ensure consistent quality food and
non-food products. BSCC is a cooperative taxed under subchapter T of the United States Internal
Revenue Code. We believe that the deferred tax liabilities resulting from the business operations
and legal ownership of BSCC are appropriate under the tax laws. However, if the application of the
tax laws to the cooperative structure of BSCC were to be successfully challenged by any federal,
state or local tax authority, we could be required to accelerate the payment of all or a portion of
our income tax liabilities associated with BSCC that we otherwise had deferred until future
periods, and in that event, would be liable for interest on such amounts. As of June 30, 2007, we
have recorded deferred income tax liabilities of $988,000,000 related to the BSCC supply chain
distributions. This amount represents the income tax liabilities related to BSCC that were accrued,
but the payment had been deferred as of June 30, 2007. In addition, if the IRS or any other taxing
authority determines that all amounts since the inception of BSCC were inappropriately deferred or
that BSCC should have been a taxable entity, we estimate that in addition to making a current
payment for amounts previously deferred, as discussed above, we may have additional liability,
representing interest that would be payable on the cumulative deferred balances ranging from
$185,000,000 to $205,000,000, prior to federal and state income tax benefit, as of June 30, 2007.
We calculated this amount based upon the amounts deferred since the inception of BSCC applying the
applicable jurisdictions’ interest rates in effect each period. During the third quarter of fiscal
2007, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), in connection with its audit of our 2003 and 2004 federal
income tax returns, proposed adjustments related to the taxability of BSCC. We are vigorously
protesting these adjustments. We have reviewed the merits of the issues raised by the IRS and
based upon such review, we have not recorded any related amount in any period. A taxing authority
requiring us to accelerate the payment of these deferred tax liabilities and to pay related
interest, if any, could cause us to raise additional capital through debt financing or the issuance
of equity or we may have to forego or defer planned capital expenditures or share repurchases or a
combination of these items.

5

Table of Contents

We Need Access to Borrowed Funds in Order to Grow

     Because a substantial part of our growth historically has been the result of acquisitions
and capital expansion, our continued growth depends, in large part, on our ability to continue this
expansion. As a result, our inability to finance acquisitions and capital expenditures through
borrowed funds could restrict our ability to expand. Moreover, any default under the documents
governing our indebtedness could have a significant adverse effect on our cash flows, as well as
the market value of our common stock. Further, our leveraged position may also increase our
vulnerability to competitive pressures.

Product Liability Claims Could Materially and Adversely Impact our Business

     We, like any other seller of food, face the risk of exposure to product liability claims
in the event that the use of products sold by SYSCO causes injury or illness. With respect to
product liability claims, we believe we have sufficient primary or excess umbrella liability
insurance. However, this insurance may not continue to be available at a reasonable cost, or, if
available, may not be adequate to cover all of our liabilities. We generally seek contractual
indemnification and insurance coverage from parties supplying our products, but this
indemnification or insurance coverage is limited, as a practical matter, to the creditworthiness of
the indemnifying party and the insured limits of any insurance provided by suppliers. If SYSCO does
not have adequate insurance or contractual indemnification available, product liability relating to
defective products could materially reduce our net earnings and earnings per share.

Adverse Publicity Could Negatively Impact our Reputation and Reduce Earnings

     Maintaining a good reputation is critical to our business, particularly to selling SYSCO
Brand products. Anything that damages that reputation, whether or not justified, including adverse
publicity about the quality, safety or integrity of our products, could quickly affect our revenues
and profits. Reports, whether true or not, of food-borne illnesses, such as e-coli, avian flu,
bovine spongiform encephalopathy, hepatitis A, trichinosis or salmonella, and injuries caused by
food tampering could also severely injure our reputation. If patrons of our restaurant customers
become ill from food-borne illnesses, our customers could be forced to temporarily close restaurant
locations and our sales would be correspondingly decreased. In addition, instances of food-borne
illnesses or food tampering or other health concerns, even those unrelated to the use of SYSCO
products, can result in negative publicity about the food service distribution industry and cause
our sales to decrease dramatically.

Failure to Successfully Renegotiate Union Contracts Could Result in Work Stoppages

     As of June 30, 2007, approximately 9,000 employees at 54 operating companies were members
of 60 different local unions associated with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters and other
labor organizations. In fiscal 2008, 14 agreements covering approximately 2,300 employees will
expire. Failure of the operating companies to effectively renegotiate these contracts could result
in work stoppages. Although our operating subsidiaries have not experienced any significant labor
disputes or work stoppages to date, and we believe they have satisfactory relationships with their
unions, a work stoppage due to failure of multiple operating subsidiaries to renegotiate union
contracts could have a material adverse effect on us.

A Shortage of Qualified Labor Could Negatively Impact our Business and Materially Reduce
Earnings

     Our operations rely heavily on our employees, particularly drivers, and any shortage of
qualified labor could significantly affect our business. Our recruiting and retention efforts and
efforts to increase productivity gains may not be successful and there may be a shortage of
qualified drivers in future periods. Any such shortage would decrease SYSCO’s ability to
effectively serve our customers. Such a shortage would also likely lead to higher wages for
employees and a corresponding reduction in our net earnings.

We may be Required to Pay Material Amounts Under Multi-Employer Defined Benefit Pension Plans

     We contribute to several multi-employer defined benefit pension plans based on
obligations arising under collective bargaining agreements covering union-represented employees.
Approximately 11% of our current employees are participants in such multi-employer plans. In
fiscal 2007, our total contributions to these plans were approximately $37,296,000.

     We do not directly manage these multi-employer plans, which are generally managed by boards of
trustees, half of whom are appointed by the unions and the other half by other contributing
employers to the plan. Based upon the information available to us from plan administrators, we
believe that some of these multi-employer plans are underfunded due partially to a decline in the
value of the assets supporting these plans, a reduction in the number of actively participating
members for whom employer contributions are required, and the level of benefits provided by the
plans. In addition, the Pension Protection Act, enacted in August 2006, will require under-funded
pension plans to improve their funding ratios within prescribed intervals based on the level of
their under-funding, perhaps beginning as soon as calendar 2008. As a result, our required
contributions to these plans may increase in the future.

     Under current law regarding multi-employer defined benefit plans, a plan’s termination, our
voluntary withdrawal, or the mass withdrawal of all contributing employers from any under-funded
multi-employer defined benefit plan would require us to make

6

Table of Contents

payments to the plan for our proportionate share of the multi-employer plan’s unfunded vested
liabilities. Based on the information available from plan administrators, we estimate that our
share of withdrawal liability on all the multi-employer plans we participate in, some of which
appear to be under-funded, could be as much as $120,000,000. In addition, if a multi-employer
defined benefit plan fails to satisfy certain minimum funding requirements, the IRS may impose a
nondeductible excise tax of 5% on the amount of the accumulated funding deficiency for those
employers contributing to the fund. Requirements to pay such increased contributions, withdrawal
liability, and excise taxes could negatively impact our liquidity and results of operations.

We Must Finance and Integrate Acquired Businesses Wisely

     Historically, a portion of our growth has come through acquisitions. If we are unable to
integrate acquired businesses successfully or realize anticipated economic, operational and other
benefits and synergies in a timely manner, our earnings per share may decrease. Integration of an
acquired business may be more difficult when we acquire a business in a market in which we have
limited or no expertise, or with a culture different from SYSCO’s. A significant expansion of our
business and operations, in terms of geography or magnitude, could strain our administrative and
operational resources. Significant acquisitions may also require the issuance of material
additional amounts of debt or equity, which could materially alter our debt to equity ratio,
increase our interest expense and decrease earnings per share, and make it difficult for us to
obtain favorable financing for other acquisitions or capital investments.

Expanding into International Markets Presents Unique Challenges and our Expansion Efforts and
International Operations may not be Successful

     In addition to our importing and exporting activities, our strategy includes
expansion of operations into new international markets. Our ability to successfully operate in
international markets may be adversely affected by local laws and customs, legal and regulatory
constraints, political and economic conditions and currency regulations of the countries or regions
in which we currently operate or intend to operate in the future. Risks inherent in our existing
and future international operations also include, among others, the costs and difficulties of
managing international operations, difficulties in identifying and gaining access to local
suppliers, suffering possible adverse tax consequences, maintaining product quality and greater
difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights. Additionally, foreign currency exchange rates
and fluctuations may have an impact on our future costs or on future cash flows from our
international operations.

Our Preferred Stock Provides Anti-Takeover Benefits that may not be Beneficial to Stockholders

     Under our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, SYSCO’s Board of Directors is authorized
to issue up to 1,500,000 shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval. Issuance of these
shares could make it more difficult for anyone to acquire SYSCO without approval of the Board of
Directors, depending on the rights and preferences of the stock issued. In addition, if anyone
attempts to acquire SYSCO without approval of the Board of Directors of SYSCO, the existence of
this undesignated preferred stock could allow the Board of Directors to adopt a shareholder rights
plan without obtaining stockholder approval, which could result in substantial dilution to a
potential acquirer. As a result, hostile takeover attempts that might result in an acquisition of
SYSCO, that could otherwise have been financially beneficial to our stockholders, could be
deterred.

Technology Dependence Could have a Material Negative Impact on our Business

     Our ability to decrease costs and increase profits, as well as our ability to serve
customers most effectively, depends on the reliability of our technology network. We use software
and other technology systems to load trucks in the most efficient manner to optimize the use of
storage space and minimize the time spent at each stop. Any disruption to these computer systems
could adversely impact our customer service, decrease the volume of our business and result in
increased costs. While SYSCO has invested and continues to invest in technology security
initiatives and disaster recovery plans, these measures cannot fully insulate us from technology
disruption that could result in adverse effects on operations and profits.