Low Margin Business; Inflation and Economic Sensitivity

The foodservice distribution industry is characterized by
relatively high inventory turnover with relatively low profit
margins. SYSCO makes a significant portion of its sales at
prices that are based on the cost of products it sells plus a
percentage markup. As a result, SYSCO’s profit levels may
be negatively impacted during periods of product cost deflation,
even though SYSCO’s gross profit percentage may remain
relatively constant. Prolonged periods of product cost inflation
also may have a negative impact on the company’s profit
margins and earnings to the extent such product cost increases
are not passed on to customers due to resistance to higher
prices and the timing needed to pass on such increases. The
foodservice industry is sensitive to national and regional
economic conditions. Inflation, fuel costs and other factors
affecting consumer confidence and the frequency and amount spent
by consumers for food prepared away from home may negatively
impact SYSCO’s sales and operating results. SYSCO’s
operating results are also sensitive to, and may be adversely
affected by, other factors, including difficulties collecting
accounts receivable, competitive price pressures, severe weather
conditions and unexpected increases in fuel or other
transportation-related costs. Although these factors have not
had a material adverse impact on SYSCO’s past operations,
there can be no assurance that one or more of these factors will
not adversely affect future operating results.

Increased Fuel Costs

Increased fuel costs have recently had a negative impact on the
company’s results of operations. The high cost of fuel can
negatively impact consumer confidence and discretionary spending
and thus reduce the frequency and amount spent by consumers for
food prepared away from home. The high cost of fuel can also
increase the price paid by SYSCO for products as well as the
costs incurred by SYSCO to deliver products to its customers.
These factors in turn negatively impact SYSCO’s sales,
margins, operating expenses and operating results.

Interruption of Supplies and Increases in Product Costs

SYSCO obtains substantially all of its foodservice and related
products from third party suppliers. For the most part, SYSCO
does not have long-term contracts with its suppliers committing
them to provide products to SYSCO. Although SYSCO’s
purchasing volume can provide leverage when dealing with
suppliers, suppliers may not provide the foodservice products
and supplies needed by SYSCO in the quantities and at the prices
requested. Because SYSCO does not control the actual production
of the products it sells, it also is subject to delays caused by
interruption in production and increases in product costs based
on conditions outside its control. These conditions include work
slowdowns, work interruptions, strikes or other job actions by
employees of suppliers, weather, crop conditions, transportation
interruptions, unavailability of fuel or increases in fuel
costs, competitive demands and natural disasters or other
catastrophic events (including, but not limited to, the outbreak
of avian flu or similar food-borne illnesses in the United
States and

5

Table of Contents

Canada). SYSCO’s inability to obtain adequate supplies of
its foodservice and related products as a result of any of the
foregoing factors or otherwise could mean that SYSCO could not
fulfill its obligations to customers, and customers may turn to
other distributors.

Baugh Supply Chain Cooperative Structure

The National Supply Chain project involved the creation of BSCC
which administers a consolidated product procurement program to
develop, obtain and ensure consistent quality food and non-food
products. BSCC is a cooperative for income tax purposes. SYSCO
believes that the cooperative entity is appropriate for BSCC
based on the business operations of this affiliate and on the
legal structure applied. However, if the application of the
cooperative structure was to be disallowed by any federal, state
or local tax authority, SYSCO could be required to accelerate
the payment of a portion or all of its income tax liabilities
that it otherwise has deferred until future periods and be
liable for interest on such amounts. Amounts included as
deferred income tax liabilities related to BSCC deferred supply
chain distributions were $924,902,000 as of July 1, 2006.
If SYSCO was required to accelerate a significant portion of
these deferred tax liabilities, the company may be required to
raise additional capital through debt financing or the issuance
of equity or it may be required to forego or defer planned
capital expenditures or share repurchases or a combination
thereof and may be required to pay interest on amounts deferred.

Leverage and Debt Service

Because a substantial part of SYSCO’s growth historically
has been the result of acquisitions and capital expansion,
SYSCO’s continued growth depends, in large part, on its
ability to continue this expansion. As a result, its inability
to finance acquisitions and capital expenditures through
borrowed funds could restrict its ability to expand. Moreover,
any default under the documents governing the indebtedness of
SYSCO could have a significant adverse effect on the
company’s cash flows, as well as the market value of
SYSCO’s common stock. Further, SYSCO’s leveraged
position may also increase its vulnerability to competitive
pressures.

Product Liability Claims

SYSCO, like any other seller of food, faces the risk of exposure
to product liability claims in the event that the use of
products sold by the company causes injury or illness. With
respect to product liability claims, SYSCO believes it has
sufficient primary or excess umbrella liability insurance.
However, this insurance may not continue to be available at a
reasonable cost, or, if available, may not be adequate to cover
all of SYSCO’s liabilities. SYSCO generally seeks
contractual indemnification and insurance coverage from parties
supplying its products, but this indemnification or insurance
coverage is limited, as a practical matter, to the
creditworthiness of the indemnifying party and the insured
limits of any insurance provided by suppliers. If SYSCO does not
have adequate insurance or contractual indemnification
available, product liability relating to defective products
could materially reduce SYSCO’s net earnings and earnings
per share.

Reputation and Media Exposure

Maintaining a good reputation is critical to SYSCO’s
business, particularly to selling SYSCO Brand products. Anything
that damages that reputation (whether or not justified),
including adverse publicity about the quality, safety or
integrity of the company’s products, could quickly affect
its revenues and profits. Reports, whether true or not, of
food-borne illnesses (such as
e-coli, avian flu,
bovine spongiform encephalopathy, hepatitis A, trichinosis
or salmonella) and injuries caused by food tampering could also
severely injure the company’s reputation. If patrons of the
company’s restaurant customers become ill from food-borne
illnesses, the customers could be forced to temporarily close
restaurant locations and SYSCO’s sales would be
correspondingly decreased. In addition, instances of food-borne
illnesses or food tampering or other health concerns, even those
unrelated to the use of SYSCO products, can result in negative
publicity about the food service distribution industry and cause
our sales to decrease dramatically.

Labor Relations and Availability of Qualified Labor

As of July 1, 2006, approximately 8,800 employees at
55 operating companies were members of 61 different
local unions associated with the International Brotherhood of
Teamsters and other labor organizations. In fiscal 2007,
16 agreements covering approximately 2,000 employees
will expire. Failure of the operating companies to effectively
renegotiate these contracts could result in work stoppages.
Although SYSCO’s operating subsidiaries have not
experienced any significant labor disputes or work stoppages to
date, and SYSCO believes they have satisfactory relationships
with their unions, a work stoppage due to failure of multiple
operating subsidiaries to renegotiate union contracts could have
a material adverse effect on SYSCO.

6

Table of Contents

SYSCO’s operations rely heavily on its employees,
particularly drivers, and any shortage of qualified labor could
significantly affect the company’s business. Our recruiting
and retention efforts and efforts to increase productivity gains
may not be successful and there may be a shortage of qualified
drivers in future periods. Any such shortage would decrease
SYSCO’s ability to effectively serve its customers. Such a
shortage would also likely lead to higher wages for employees
and a corresponding reduction in the company’s revenue and
earnings.

Charter and Preferred Stock

Under its Restated Certificate of Incorporation, SYSCO’s
Board of Directors is authorized to issue up to 1.5 million
shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval. Issuance
of these shares could make it more difficult for anyone to
acquire SYSCO without approval of the Board of Directors,
depending on the rights and preferences of the stock issued. In
addition, if anyone attempts to acquire SYSCO without approval
of the Board of Directors of SYSCO, the existence of this
undesignated preferred stock could allow the Board of Directors
to adopt a shareholder rights plan without obtaining stockholder
approval, which could result in substantial dilution to a
potential acquiror. As a result, hostile takeover attempts that
might result in an acquisition of SYSCO that could otherwise
have been financially beneficial to SYSCO’s stockholders
could be deterred.

Tax Audit

As of July 1, 2006, the company’s 2003 and 2004
federal income tax returns were under audit by the Internal
Revenue Service (IRS). The company believes that it has
appropriate support for the positions taken on these tax returns
and has recorded a liability for its best estimate of the
probable loss on certain of these positions. However, if the IRS
disagrees with the positions taken by the company on its tax
returns, SYSCO could have additional tax liability, including
interest and penalties. If material, payment of such amounts
upon final adjudication of any disputes could have an adverse
effect on the company’s financial results and cash flows.

Reliance on Technology

SYSCO’s ability to decrease costs and increase profits, as
well as its ability to serve customers most effectively, depends
on the reliability of its technology network. The company uses
software and other technology systems to load trucks in the most
efficient manner to optimize the use of storage space and
minimize the time spent at each stop. Any disruption to these
computer systems could adversely impact SYSCO’s customer
service, decrease the volume of its business and result in
increased costs. While SYSCO has invested and continues to
invest in technology security initiatives and disaster recovery
plans, these measures cannot fully insulate the company from
technology disruption that could result in adverse effects on
operations and profits.