The reader should carefully consider the following risk factors and the other information contained within this document. The risks set forth below are those that management believes are most likely to have a material adverse effect on us. We may also be subject to other risks or uncertainties not presently known to us. If any of the following risks or uncertainties actually occur, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and prospects.

Risks Specific to Our Company

Competition in our markets could require us to reduce prices or increase capital and other expenditures or cause us to lose sales volume, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
    In most of our markets, our primary competitors have substantially greater financial, marketing, production and distribution resources than 

13

Table of Contents

we, and are more diverse in terms of their geographies and brand portfolios. In all of the markets in which we operate, aggressive marketing strategies by these competitors could adversely affect our financial results. In addition, continuing consolidation among major global brewers may lead to stronger or new competitors, loss of partner brands and predatory marketing and pricing tactics by competitors. Moreover, several of our major markets are mature. Our products also compete for consumers against non-beer products such as wine, spirits and other alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages. 

Our success as an enterprise depends largely on the success of relatively few products in several mature markets; the failure or weakening of one or more of these products or markets could materially adversely affect our financial results.
    Our 
Molson Canadian
 and 
Coors Light
 brands in Canada, 
Miller Lite
 and 
Coors Light
 brands in the U.S., and 
Carling 
brand in the U.K. represented more than half of each respective segment's sales in 
2012
. Consequently, any material shift in consumer preferences away from these brands, or from the categories in which they compete, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Consumer preferences and tastes may shift away from our brands or beer generally due to, among others, changing taste preferences, demographics or perceived value. Beer consumption in many of our markets is also tied to general economic conditions. Difficult macro-economic conditions in our markets may result in lower sales volume.

If Pentland and the Coors Trust do not agree on a matter submitted to stockholders, generally the matter will not be approved, even if beneficial to us or favored by other stockholders.
    Pentland Securities (1981) Inc. (the "Pentland Trust") (a company controlled by the Molson family and related parties) and the Adolph Coors, Jr. Trust (the "Coors Trust"), which together control more than ninety percent of our Class A common stock and Class A exchangeable shares, have voting trust agreements through which they have combined their voting power over the shares of our Class A common stock and the Class A exchangeable shares that they own. In the event that these two stockholders do not agree to vote in favor of a matter submitted to a stockholder vote (other than the election of directors), the voting trustees will be required to vote all of the Class A common stock and Class A exchangeable shares deposited in the voting trusts against the matter. There is no other mechanism in the voting trust agreements to resolve a potential deadlock between these stockholders. Therefore, if either the Pentland Trust or the Coors Trust is unwilling to vote in favor of a proposal that is subject to a stockholder vote, we would be unable to implement the proposal even if our board, management or other stockholders believe the proposal is beneficial to us. Similarly, our bylaws require the authorization of a super-majority (two-thirds) of the board of directors to take certain transformational actions. Thus it is possible that the Company will not be authorized to take action even if it is supported by a simple majority of the board. In addition, our Class B common stock has fewer voting rights than our Class A common stock.

Poor investment performance of pension plan holdings and other factors impacting pension plan costs could unfavorably impact liquidity and results of operations.
    Our costs of providing defined benefit pension plans are dependent upon a number of factors, such as the rates of return on the plans' assets, discount rates, the level of interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels of the plans, exchange rate fluctuations, future government regulation, global equity prices, and our required and/or voluntary contributions to the plans. While we comply with the minimum funding requirements, we have certain qualified pension plans with obligations which exceed the value of the plans' assets. Without sustained growth in the pension investments over time to increase the value of the plans' assets, and depending upon the other factors as listed above, we could be required to fund the plans with significant amounts of cash. Such cash funding obligations could have a material impact on our cash flows, credit rating and cost of borrowing, financial position or results of operations.

We rely on a small number of suppliers to obtain the packaging we need to operate our business. The inability to obtain materials could unfavorably affect our ability to produce our products.
    We purchase certain types of packaging materials including aluminum, glass and paperboard from a small number of suppliers. Consolidation of the packaging materials suppliers has reduced local supply alternatives and increased risks of supply disruptions. The inability of any of these suppliers to meet our production requirements without sufficient time to develop an alternative source could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Termination of one or more manufacturer/distribution agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business.
    We manufacture and/or distribute products of other beverage companies through various joint ventures, licensing, distribution or other arrangements. The loss of one or more of these arrangements, as a result of industry consolidation or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on the business and financial results of one or more reporting segments. For example, Miller Brewing Company (“Miller”) has notified us of its intent to terminate the license agreement between Miller and us in Canada, which could have an adverse impact on our Canadian volumes.

Changes in tax, environmental or other regulations or failure to comply with existing licensing, trade and other regulations could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.
    Our business is highly regulated by federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations in various countries regarding such matters as licensing requirements, trade and pricing practices, labeling, advertising, promotion and marketing practices, relationships with distributors, environmental matters, smoking bans at on-premise locations and other matters. These laws and regulations are subject to frequent re-evaluation, varying interpretations and political debate and inquiries from government regulators charged with their enforcement. Examples of this are the recently announced increase in beer excise tax rates of over 20% in Québec and a 50% 

14

Table of Contents

increase to the statutory corporate income tax rate in Serbia. Failure to comply with existing laws and regulations or changes in these laws and regulations or in tax, environmental, excise tax levels imposed or any other laws or regulations could result in the loss, revocation or suspension of our licenses, permits or approvals and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation of complex tax regulations and the amount and timing of future taxable income. Given the wide range of international business relationships and the long-term nature and complexity of existing contractual agreements, differences arising between the actual results and assumptions made, or future changes to such assumptions, could necessitate future adjustments to tax income and expense already recorded. Finally, advocates of prohibition and other severe restrictions on the marketing and sales of alcohol are becoming increasingly organized on a global basis, seeking to impose regulations to curtail substantially the consumption of alcohol, including beer, in developed and developing markets. To the extent such views gain traction in national regulations where we do or plan to do business, they could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.

Our consolidated financial statements are subject to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, most significantly the Canadian dollar, British Pound and our Central European operating currencies such as, but not limited to, Euro, Czech Koruna, Croatian Kuna, Serbian Dinar, New Romanian Leu and Bulgarian Lev. 
We hold assets and incur liabilities, earn revenues and pay expenses in different currencies, most significantly in Canada and in the U.K and throughout Central Europe. Because our financial statements are presented in U.S. Dollars ("USD"), we must translate our assets, liabilities, income and expenses into USD. Increases and decreases in the value of the USD will affect, perhaps adversely, the value of these items in our financial statements, even if their local currency value has not changed. To the extent that we fail to adequately manage these risks, including if our hedging arrangements do not effectively or completely hedge changes in foreign currency rates, our results of operations may be materially and adversely impacted.

Our operations face significant exposure to changes in commodity prices, which could materially and adversely affect our operating results.
    We use a large volume of agricultural and other raw materials to produce our products, including barley, barley malt, hops, corn, other various starches, water and packaging materials, including aluminum, cardboard and other paper products. We also use a significant amount of diesel fuel and electricity in our operations. The supply and price of these raw materials and commodities can be affected by a number of factors beyond our control, including market demand, global geopolitical events (especially as to their impact on crude oil prices and the resulting impact on diesel fuel prices), frosts, droughts and other weather conditions, economic factors affecting growth decisions, inflation, plant diseases and theft. To the extent any of the foregoing factors affect the prices of ingredients or packaging or our hedging arrangements do not effectively or completely hedge changes in commodity price risks, our results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted.

The success of our business relies heavily on brand image, reputation, product quality and protection of intellectual property.
    It is important that we maintain and increase the image and reputation of our existing products. Concerns about product quality, even when unsubstantiated, could be harmful to our image and reputation of our products. Deterioration to our brand equity may be difficult to combat or reverse and could have a material effect on our business and financial results. In addition, because our brands carry family names, personal activities by certain members of the Molson or Coors families that harm their public image or reputation could have an adverse effect on our brands. Further, the success of our Company is dependent on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights, including trademarks, patents, domain names, trade secrets and know-how.

Due to a high concentration of unionized workers in Canada, the United Kingdom, and at MillerCoors in the U.S., we could be significantly affected by labor strikes, work stoppages or other employee-related issues.
    Approximately 60%, 35% and 25% of our Canadian, MillerCoors and U.K. workforces, respectively, are represented by trade unions. Stringent labor laws in the U.K. expose us to a greater risk of loss should we experience labor disruptions in that market. A labor strike, work stoppage or other employee-related issue could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.

Changes to the regulation of the distribution systems for our products could adversely impact our business.
    In our U.S. market, there is a three-tier distribution system that has historically applied to the distribution of products now sold through MillerCoors (including our non-U.S. products). That system is increasingly subject to the legal challenges on the basis that it allegedly interferes with interstate commerce. To the extent that such challenges are successful and require changes to the three-tier system, such changes could have a materially adverse impact on MillerCoors and, consequently, MCBC. Further, in certain Canadian provinces, our products are distributed through joint venture arrangements that are mandated and regulated by provincial government regulators. If provincial regulation should change, the costs to adjust our distribution methods could have a material adverse impact on our business.

Changes in various supply chain standards or agreements could adversely impact our business.
    Our business includes various joint venture and industry agreements which standardize parts of the supply chain system. An example includes our warehousing and customer delivery systems organized under joint venture agreements with other brewers. Any negative change in these agreements could have a material adverse impact on our business.

15

Table of Contents

Because of our reliance on third-party service providers for certain administrative functions, we could experience a disruption to our business.
    We rely exclusively on information services providers worldwide for our information technology functions including network, help desk, hardware and software configuration. We also have outsourced a significant portion of work associated with our finance and accounting, human resources and other information technology functions to a third-party service provider. If one of these service providers was to fail and we were unable to find a suitable replacement in a timely manner, we could be unable to properly administer our outsourced functions. Additionally, our internal and outsourced systems may also be the target of outside parties attempting to breach our security, which, if successful, could expose us to the loss of key business information and disruption of our operations.

We may incur impairments of the carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets.
    In connection with various business combinations, we have allocated material amounts of the related purchase prices to goodwill and other intangible assets that are considered to have indefinite useful lives. These assets are tested for impairment at least annually, using estimates and assumptions affected by factors such as economic and industry conditions and changes in operating performance. Potential resulting charges could be material and could adversely impact our results of operations. Our most recent impairment analysis indicated that the fair value of our U.K. and Canada reporting units were close to failing step one of the goodwill impairment test. The fair value of the U.K. reporting unit and the Canada reporting unit were estimated at approximately 
7%
 and 
15%
 in excess of their carrying values, respectively. In addition, the fair value of the 
Molson
 core brands was estimated at approximately 
14%
 in excess of its carrying value. The reporting units and 
Molson
 core brands are therefore at risk of a future impairment in the event of significant unfavorable changes in the forecasted cash flows, terminal growth rates, market transaction multiples and/or weighted-average cost of capital utilized in the discounted cash flow analysis. Additionally, we have identified risks to our Central Europe reporting unit due to weak economic conditions within the regions in which we operate, as well as risks related to the possible termination of our license agreement with Miller in Canada.

Climate change and water availability may negatively affect our business.
    There is concern that a gradual increase in global average temperatures could cause significant changes in weather patterns around the globe and an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters. While warmer weather has historically been associated with increased sales of beer, changing weather patterns could result in decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions which may limit availability or increase the cost of key agricultural commodities, such as hops, barley and other cereal grains, which are important ingredients for our products. Increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions could also impair production capabilities, disrupt our supply chain or impact demand for our products. In addition, public expectations for reductions in greenhouse gas emissions could result in increased energy, transportation and raw material costs and may require us to make additional investments in facilities and equipment. As a result, the effects of climate change could have a long-term, material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. There are also water availability risks. Climate change may cause water scarcity and a deterioration of water quality in areas where we maintain brewing operations. The competition for water among domestic, agricultural and manufacturing users is increasing in some of our brewing communities. Even where water is widely available, water purification and waste treatment infrastructure limitations could increase costs or constrain our operations.

Failure to successfully identify, complete or integrate attractive acquisitions and joint ventures into our existing operations could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
We have made a number of acquisitions and entered into several joint ventures. In order to compete in the consolidating global brewing industry, we anticipate that we may, from time to time, in the future acquire additional businesses or enter into additional joint ventures that we believe would provide a strategic fit with our business. Potential issues associated with acquisitions and joint ventures could include, among other things: our ability to identify attractive acquisitions and joint ventures; our ability to offer potential acquisition targets and joint ventures competitive transaction terms; our ability to realize the benefits or cost savings that we expect to realize as a result of the acquisition or joint venture; diversion of management's attention; our ability to successfully integrate our businesses with the business of the acquired company; motivating, recruiting and retaining key employees; conforming standards, controls, procedures and policies, business cultures and compensation structures among our company and the acquired company; consolidating and streamlining sales, marketing and corporate operations; potential exposure to unknown liabilities of acquired companies; loss of key employees and customers of the acquired business; and managing tax costs or inefficiencies associated with integrating our operations following completion of an acquisition or entry into a joint venture. If an acquisition or joint venture is not successfully completed or integrated into our existing operations, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted.

Risks associated with operating our joint ventures may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
 We have entered into several joint ventures, including our MillerCoors joint venture in the United States and Puerto Rico with SABMiller. We may enter into additional joint ventures in the future. Our joint venture partners may at any time have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with our goals or with the goals of the joint venture. In addition, we compete against our joint venture partners in certain of our markets. Disagreements with our business partners may impede our ability to maximize the benefits of our partnerships and adversely affect our results of operations. Our joint venture arrangements may require us, among other matters, to pay certain costs or to make certain capital investments or 

16

Table of Contents

to seek our joint venture partner's consent to take certain actions. In addition, our joint venture partners may be unable or unwilling to meet their economic or other obligations under the operative documents, and we may be required to either fulfill those obligations alone to ensure the ongoing success of a joint venture or to dissolve and liquidate a joint venture. For example, during 2012, we decided to terminate our joint venture in China due to the failure of our joint venture partner to meet its obligations. 

We depend on key personnel, the loss of whom would harm our business. 
The loss of the services and expertise of any key employee could harm our business. Our future success depends on our ability to identify, attract and retain qualified personnel on a timely basis. Turnover of senior management can adversely impact our stock price, our results of operations and our client relationships and may make recruiting for future management positions more difficult. In addition, we must successfully integrate any new management personnel that we hire within our organization in order to achieve our operating objectives, and changes in other key management positions may temporarily affect our financial performance and results of operations as new management becomes familiar with our business. 

Our operations outside of North America and the U.K. expose us to additional risks which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
We expect our operations outside of North America and the U.K. to become more significant to our operating results as we continue to further expand internationally. In certain of these markets, we have limited operating experience and may not succeed. In addition to risks described elsewhere in this section, our operations in these markets expose us to additional risks, including: changes in local political, economic, social and labor conditions; restrictions on foreign ownership and investments; repatriation of cash earned in countries outside the U.S.; import and export requirements; currency exchange rate fluctuations; a less developed and less certain legal and regulatory environment, which among other things can create uncertainty with regard to liability issues; longer payment cycles, increased credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud; and other challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences.

Loss of a major brewery or other key facility, due to unforeseen or catastrophic events or otherwise, could have an adverse impact on our business. 
Our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted by physical risks such as earthquakes, hurricanes, other natural disasters or catastrophic events that damage or destroy one of our breweries or key facilities. Additionally, certain catastrophes are not covered by our general insurance policies, which could result in significant unrecoverable losses.

Impacts of the Acquisition on our financial position. 
As a result of the Acquisition, the already significant amount of goodwill and other intangible assets on our consolidated financial statements increased. Such amounts are subject to impairment assessments based upon future adverse changes in our business or prospects. In addition, we incurred a significant amount of additional indebtedness in connection with the Acquisition. After giving effect to our $1.9 billion senior notes offering, borrowings under the new credit and term loan agreements in connection with the Acquisition and the issuance of the Convertible Note to the Seller, we have outstanding $4,668 million of indebtedness as of 
December 29, 2012
, and the ability to incur up to an additional €150 million, $550 million and $400 million of indebtedness under our revolving credit facilities. We may incur significantly more indebtedness in the future. As a result of the debt that we incurred in connection with the Acquisition, we have suspended share repurchases until our credit metrics are closer to pre-Acquisition levels, and there can be no assurance that our credit ratings will remain at an investment grade level or that they will improve. Additionally, any deterioration of our current credit rating from an investment grade level could result in less than favorable terms of future debt issuances, which may be necessary to support the ongoing needs of the business, fund future capital investments or acquisitions or refinance terms of our debt obligations currently outstanding. We also intend to use cash from operations to reduce our debt level, which will reduce funds available for other purposes and may increase our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions. In addition, our indebtedness also subjects us to financial and operating covenants, which may limit our flexibility in responding to our business needs. If we are not able to maintain compliance with stated financial ratios or if we breach any of the other covenants in any debt agreement, we could be in default under such agreement. Such a default may allow the creditors to accelerate the related indebtedness and may result in the acceleration of any other indebtedness to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies.

Risks Specific to the Canada Segment

We may experience continued price discounting in Canada.
    The continuation, acceleration or the increase of price discounting, in Ontario, Québec, Alberta or other provinces, could adversely impact our business.

In the event that we are required to move away from the industry standard returnable bottle we use today, we may incur unexpected losses. 
Along with ABI and other brewers in Canada, we currently use an industry standard returnable bottle which represents more than 40% of total volume sales in Canada. Changes to the Industry Standard Bottle Agreement could impact our use of the industry standard returnable bottle. If we cease to use the industry standard returnable bottle, our current bottle inventory and a portion of our bottle packaging equipment could become obsolete and could result in a material write-off of these assets.

17

Table of Contents

Risks Specific to the United States Segment and MillerCoors

We do not fully control the operations and administration of MillerCoors, which represents our interests in the U.S. beer business.
    We jointly control MillerCoors with SABMiller, and hold a 42% economic interest. MillerCoors management is responsible for the day to day operations of the business and therefore, we do not have full control over the activities of MillerCoors. Our results of operations are dependent upon the efforts of MillerCoors management, our ability to govern the joint venture effectively with SABMiller and factors beyond our control that may affect SABMiller. Additionally, our disclosure controls and procedures with respect to MillerCoors are necessarily substantially more limited than those we maintain with respect to our consolidated subsidiaries.

We may incur unexpected costs or face other business issues from MillerCoors due to challenges associated with integrating operations, technologies and other aspects of the operations.
    The MillerCoors management team continues to focus on fully integrating ours and SABMiller's U.S. operations, technologies and services, as well as the distribution networks including the resolution of disputes arising from the consolidation of distributors arising from the MillerCoors joint venture. The failure of MillerCoors to successfully integrate the two operations could adversely affect our financial results or prospects.

MillerCoors is highly dependent on independent distributors in the United States to sell its products, with no assurance that these distributors will effectively sell its and our products.
    MillerCoors sells all of its products and our non-U.S. products in the United States to distributors for resale to retail outlets and the regulatory environment of many states makes it very difficult to change distributors. Consequently, if MillerCoors is not allowed or is unable to replace unproductive or inefficient distributors, its business, financial position and results of operation may be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.

Risks Specific to the Central Europe Segment

We may not recognize the benefits of the Acquisition. 
We may not realize the expected benefits of the Acquisition because of integration difficulties and other challenges. The success of the Acquisition will depend, in part, on our ability to realize all or some of the anticipated synergies and other benefits from integrating MCCE's business with our existing businesses. The integration process may be complex, costly and time-consuming. The difficulties of integrating the operations of MCCE's business include, among others:

•

failure to implement our business plan for the combined business;

•

unanticipated issues in integrating manufacturing, logistics, information, communications and other systems;

•

possible inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, and compensation structures between

MCCE's structure and our structure;

•

failure to retain key customers and suppliers;

•

unanticipated changes in applicable laws and regulations;

•

failure to retain key employees;

•

operating risks inherent in MCCE's business and our business;

•

unanticipated issues, expenses and liabilities; 

•

unfamiliarity with operating in Central Europe.

We may not be able to maintain the levels of revenue, earnings or operating efficiency that each of Molson Coors and MCCE had achieved or might achieve separately. In addition, we may not accomplish the integration of MCCE's business smoothly, successfully or within the anticipated costs or timeframe. Moreover, the markets in which MCCE operates may not experience the growth rates expected and any further economic downturn affecting Europe could negatively impact MCCE's business. These markets are in differing stages of development and may experience more volatility than expected or face more operating risks than in the more mature markets in which Molson Coors has historically operated. If we experience difficulties with the integration process or if the MCCE business or the markets in which it operates deteriorate, the anticipated cost savings, growth opportunities and other synergies of the Acquisition may not be realized fully, or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. In such case, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be negatively impacted.

We face risks associated with the Sale and Purchase Agreement ("SPA") in connection with the Acquisition. 
In connection with the Acquisition, we assumed substantially all the liabilities of MCCE that were not satisfied on or prior to the closing date. There may be liabilities that we underestimated or did not discover in the course of performing our due diligence investigation of MCCE. Under the SPA and a management warranty deed (the "Management Warranty Deed"), the Seller has agreed to provide us with a limited set of representations and warranties. Our sole remedy from the Seller for any breach of those representations and warranties is an action for indemnification, not to exceed €100 million under the SPA and €50 million under the Management Warranty Deed. Damages resulting from a breach of a representation or warranty could have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

18

Table of Contents

Economic trends and intense competition in certain Central European markets could unfavorably impact our profitability. 
Our Central European businesses have been and may continue to be adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic and political conditions generally. During 2012, real gross domestic product declined in most of the major Central European markets in which we operate. Additionally, we face intense competition in certain of our Central European markets, particularly with respect to price, which could lead to reduced sales or profitability. In particular, the on-going focus by large competitors in Central Europe to drive increased market share through aggressive pricing strategies could adversely affect our sales and results of operations.

Risks Specific to the United Kingdom Segment

Sales volume trends in the United Kingdom brewing industry reflect movement from on-premise channels to off-premise channels, a trend which unfavorably impacts our profitability.
    In recent years, beer volume sales in the U.K. have been shifting from pubs and restaurants (on-premise) to retail stores (off-premise), for the industry in general. A ban on smoking in pubs and restaurants across the whole of the U.K. enacted in 2007 accelerated this trend. Margins on sales to off-premise customers tend to be lower than margins on sales to on-premise customers, and, as a result, continuation or acceleration of these trends would further adversely impact our profitability.

Consolidation of pubs and growth in the size of pub chains in the United Kingdom could unfavorably impact pricing.
    The trend toward consolidation of pubs, away from independent pub and club operations, is continuing in the United Kingdom. These larger entities have stronger price negotiating power, and therefore continuation of this trend could impact our ability to obtain favorable pricing in the on-premise channel (due to the spillover effect of reduced negotiating leverage) and could reduce our revenues and profit margins. In addition, these larger customers continue to move to purchasing directly more of the products that, in the past, we have provided as part of our factored business. Further consolidation could contribute to an adverse financial impact.

In the event that a significant pub chain were to go bankrupt, or experience similar financial difficulties, our business could be adversely impacted.
    We extend credit to pub chains in the U.K., and in some cases the amounts are significant. The continuing challenging economic environment in the U.K. has caused business at on-premise outlets to slow since late 2008, and some pub chains may face increasing financial difficulty if economic conditions do not improve. In the event that a pub chain were to be unable to pay amounts owed to us as a result of bankruptcy or similar financial difficulties, our business could be adversely impacted. 

We depend exclusively on one logistics provider for the distribution of our products in the United Kingdom.
    Tradeteam handles all of the physical distribution for us in the U.K., except where a different distribution system is requested by a customer. If Tradeteam were unable to continue distribution of our products and we were unable to find a suitable replacement in a timely manner, we could experience significant disruptions in our business that could have an adverse financial impact.

Risks Specific to the Molson Coors International Segment

An inability to expand our operations in emerging markets could adversely affect our growth prospects. 
Our ability to grow our MCI segment in emerging markets depends on social, economic and political conditions in those markets and on our ability to create effective product distribution networks and consumer brand awareness in new markets. Due to product price, local competition and cultural differences, there is no assurance that our products will be accepted in any particular emerging market. If we are unable to expand our businesses in emerging markets, our growth prospects could be adversely affected.

In addition, compliance with complex foreign laws and regulations, and U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, that apply to our international operations increases our cost of doing business in some international jurisdictions. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries and a materially negative impact on our brands and our operating results. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these foreign and U.S. laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, there can be no assurance that our employees, business partners or agents will not violate our policies.

Risks Specific to Our Discontinued Operations

Indemnities provided to the purchaser of 83% of the Cervejarias Kaiser Brasil S.A. ("Kaiser") business in Brazil could result in future cash outflows and statement of operations charges.
    In 2006, we sold our 83% ownership interest in Kaiser to FEMSA Cerveza S.A. de C.V. ("FEMSA"). The terms of the sale agreement require us to indemnify FEMSA for exposures related to certain tax, civil and labor contingencies and certain purchased tax credits. The ultimate resolution of these claims is not under our control. These indemnity obligations are recorded as liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets, 

19

Table of Contents

however, we could incur future statement of operations charges as facts further develop resulting in changes to our estimates or changes in our assessment of probability of loss on these items as well as due to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. Due to the uncertainty involved in the ultimate outcome and timing of these contingencies, significant adjustments to the carrying value of our indemnity liabilities and corresponding statement of operations charges/credits could result in the future.