.

        Our
financial sales volume from continuing operations totaled 29.7 million barrels in 2008, 41.8 million barrels in 2007, and 41.8 million barrels in 2006, excluding
Brazil volume in discontinued operations. The decrease in sales volume is a result of the formation of MillerCoors on July 1, 2008. Our reported sales volumes do not include the CBL factored
brands business. The fiscal years ended 

5

Table of Contents

December 28,
2008, and December 30, 2007, were 52 week periods and fiscal year ended December 31, 2006, was a 53 week period. 

        See
the Executive Summary in Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion of our volume reporting policy. 

        No
single customer accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated or segmented sales in 2008, 2007, or 2006. 

 Our Products 

        Brands sold in Canada include 
Coors Light

, 
Canadian

, 
Molson
Dry

, 
Export

, 
Creemore

, 
Rickard's Red

 and other 
Rickard's

 brands, 
Carling

 and 
Pilsner

 as well as a number of other regional brands. We also brew or distribute under
license the following brands: 
Amstel Light

 under license from Amstel Brouwerij B.V., 
Heineken

 and 
Murphy's

 under license from Heineken Brouwerijen B.V., 
Asahi

 and 
Asahi
Select

 under license from Asahi Beer U.S.A. Inc. and Asahi Breweries, Ltd., 
Miller Lite

, 
Miller Genuine Draft

,

Milwaukee's Best

 and 
Milwaukee's Best
Dry

 under license from Miller Brewing Company, a subsidiary of SABMiller, 
Foster's

 under license from Foster's Group Limited and 
Tiger

 under license from Asia Pacific Breweries Limited. Starting on January 1, 2008, we entered into a joint venture agreement with Grupo
Modelo, to import, distribute and market the Modelo beer brand portfolio, including the 
Corona, Coronita, Negra Modelo

 and 
Pacifico

 brands, across all
Canadian provinces and territories. 

        MillerCoors
sells a wide variety of brands in the United States. Its flagship light brands are 
Coors Light

 and 
Miller Lite

. Brands in the domestic premium segment
include 
Coors Banquet

, 
Miller Genuine Draft

 and 
MGD 64

. Brands in the domestic super premium segment include

Miller Chill

 and 
Sparks

. Brands in the below premium segment include 
Miller High
Life

, 
Keystone Light

, 
Icehouse

, 
Mickey's

, 
Milwaukee's Best
Light

 and 
Old English 800

.
Craft and import brands include the 
Blue Moon

 brands, 
Henry Weinhard's

, 
George
Killian's Irish Red

, the 
Leinenkugel's

 brands, the Molson brands, 
Foster's

, 
Peroni Nastro
Azzurro

, 
Pilsner Urquell

 and 
Grolsch

.
Brands in the non-alcoholic segment include 
Coors Non-Alcoholic

 and 
Sharp's

.
MCBC assigned the United States and Puerto Rican ownership rights to the legacy Coors brands, including 
Coors Light

, 
Coors
Banquet

, 
Keystone Light

, and the 
Blue Moon 

brands, to MillerCoors. We retained
all ownership of these brands outside the United States and Puerto Rico. MillerCoors licenses the right to brew and sell 
George Killian's Irish Red

.
MCBC sells the Molson brands to MillerCoors through related party transactions. 

        Brands
sold in the United Kingdom include: 
Carling

, 
C2

, 
Coors
Light

, 
Worthington's

, 
Caffrey's

, and 
Kasteel
Cru,

 as well as a number of smaller regional ale brands. We also sell the 
Grolsch

 brands (
Grolsch
Premium Lager, Grolsch Weizen

 and 
Grolsch Blond

) in the United Kingdom through a joint venture with Royal Grolsch N.V.
and are the exclusive distributor for several brands which are sold under license, including 
Sol, Dos Equis Amber, Zatec

 and 
Magners Draught Cider

.
Additionally, in order to be able to provide a full line of beer and other beverages to our on-premise customers, we
sell factored brands in our Europe segment, which are third party brands for which we provide distribution to retail, typically on a non-exclusive basis. Beginning in 2008, we have entered
into a contract brewing and kegging agreement with Scottish & Newcastle U.K. Ltd. for the 
Fosters

 and 
Kronenbourg

 brands. 

 Canada Segment 

        Molson is Canada's second largest brewer by volume and North America's oldest beer company. Measuring market share consistent with
prior years, Molson has an approximate 41.9% market share in Canada. Due to accounting policy changes arising from the 2008 MillerCoors joint venture, this market share is adjusted to record 50% of
any Canada joint venture volume. With this change implemented, Molson has an approximate 40.5% market share in Canada which is virtually unchanged versus a pro forma 2007 level. 

6

Table of Contents

        Molson
brews, markets, sells and nationally distributes a wide variety of beer brands. Molson's portfolio has leading brands in all major product and price segments. Molson has strong
market share and visibility across retail and on-premise channels. Molson's focus and investment is on key owned brands (
Coors Light, Canadian, Molson Dry, Molson
Export and Rickard's

) and key strategic distribution partnerships (including Heineken, Corona and Miller). 
Coors Light

 currently
has a 13% market share and is the largest-selling light beer and the second-best selling beer brand overall in Canada. 
Canadian

 currently
has an 8% market share and is the third-largest selling beer in Canada. 

        Our
Canada segment consists primarily of the production and sale of the Molson brands, 
Coors Light

, and partner and other brands listed
above under "Our Products." The Canada segment also includes our partnership arrangements related to the distribution of beer in Ontario, Brewers Retail Inc. ("BRI"), and the Western provinces,
Brewers' Distributor Ltd. ("BDL"). BRI is currently consolidated in our financial statements. See Part II—Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,
Item 8 Note 5 "VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES" to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 

 Sales and Distribution 

 Canada 

        In Canada, provincial governments regulate the beer industry, particularly with regard to the pricing, mark-up, container
management, sale, distribution, and advertising of beer. Distribution and retailing of products containing alcohol involves a wide range and varied degree of Canadian government control through their
respective provincial liquor boards. 

 Province of Ontario 

        In Ontario, beer may only be purchased at retail outlets operated by BRI, at government-regulated retail outlets operated by the Liquor
Control Board of Ontario, approved agents of the Liquor Control Board of Ontario, or at any bar, restaurant, or tavern licensed by the Liquor Control Board of Ontario to sell liquor for
on-premise consumption. All brewers pay a service fee, based on their sales volume, through BRI. Molson, together with certain other brewers, participates in the ownership of BRI in
proportion to its provincial market share relative to other brewers in the ownership group. Ontario brewers may deliver directly to BRI's outlets or may choose to use BRI's distribution centers to
access retail stores in Ontario, the Liquor Control Board of Ontario system and licensed establishments. 

 Province of Québec 

        In Québec, beer is distributed directly by each brewer or through independent agents. Molson is the agent for the
licensed brands it distributes. The brewer or agent distributes the products to permit holders for retail sales for on-premise consumption. Québec retail sales for
off-premise consumption are made through grocery and convenience stores as well as government operated outlets. 

 Province of British Columbia 

        In British Columbia, the government's Liquor Distribution Branch currently controls the regulatory elements of distribution of all
alcohol products in the province. Brewers' Distributor Ltd. which Molson co-owns with a competitor, manages the
distribution of Molson's products throughout British Columbia. Consumers can purchase beer at any Liquor Distribution Branch retail outlet, at any independently owned and licensed wine or beer retail
store or at any licensed establishment for on-premise consumption. Establishments licensed primarily for on-premise liquor sales may also be licensed for
off-premise consumption. 

7

Table of Contents

 Province of Alberta 

        In Alberta, the distribution of beer is managed by independent private warehousing and shipping companies or by a government sponsored
system in the case of U.S. sourced products. All sales of liquor in Alberta are made through retail outlets licensed by the Alberta Gaming and Liquor Commission or licensees, such as bars, hotels and
restaurants. BDL manages the distribution of Molson's products in Alberta. 

 Other Provinces 

        Molson's products are distributed in the provinces of Manitoba and Saskatchewan through local liquor boards. Manitoba and Saskatchewan
also have licensed private retailers. BDL manages the distribution of Molson's products in Manitoba and Saskatchewan. In the Maritime Provinces (other than Newfoundland), local liquor boards
distribute and sell Molson's products. Yukon, Northwest Territories and Nunavat manage distribution and sell through government liquor commissioners. 

 Manufacturing, Production and Packaging 

 Brewing Raw Materials 

        Molson's goal is to procure the highest quality materials and services at the lowest prices available. Molson selects global suppliers
for materials and services that best meet this goal. Molson also uses hedging instruments to mitigate the risk of volatility in certain commodities and foreign exchange markets. 

        Molson
sources barley malt from two primary providers, with commitments through 2009. Hops are purchased from a variety of global suppliers in the U.S., Europe, and New Zealand, with
commitments through 2009. Other starch brewing adjuncts are sourced from two main suppliers, both in North America. We do not foresee any significant risk of disruption in the supply of these
agricultural products. Water used in the brewing process is from local sources in the communities where our breweries operate. 

 Brewing and Packaging Facilities 

        Molson has six breweries, strategically located throughout Canada, which brew, bottle, package, market and distribute all owned and
licensed brands sold in and exported from Canada. The breweries are as follows: Montréal (Québec), Toronto (Ontario), Vancouver (British Columbia), Moncton (New
Brunswick), St. John's (Newfoundland) and Creemore (Ontario). The Montréal and Toronto breweries account for approximately four-fifths of our Canada production. 

 Packaging Materials 

 Glass bottles 

        Molson single sourced glass bottles in 2008 and has a committed supply through 2009 from three suppliers. Availability of glass bottles
has not been an issue, and Molson does
not expect any difficulties in accessing them. However, the risk of glass bottle supply disruptions has increased with the reduction of local supply alternatives due to the consolidation of the glass
bottle industry in North America. The distribution systems in each province generally provide the collection network for returnable bottles. The standard container for beer brewed in Canada is the 341
ml returnable bottle, which represents approximately 65% of domestic sales in Canada. 

 Aluminum cans 

        Molson single sources aluminum cans and has a committed supply through 2011. Availability of aluminum cans has not been an issue, and
Molson does not expect any difficulties in accessing them. 

8

Table of Contents

The
distribution systems in each province generally provide the collection network for aluminum cans. Aluminum cans account for approximately 26% of domestic sales in Canada. 

 Kegs 

        Molson sells approximately 9% of its beer volume in stainless steel kegs. A limited number of kegs are purchased every year, and there
is no long-term supply commitment. 

 Other packaging 

        Crowns, labels, corrugate, and paperboard are purchased from concentrated sources unique to each product. Molson does not foresee
difficulties in accessing these products in the near future. 

 Seasonality of Business 

        Total industry volume in Canada is sensitive to factors such as weather, changes in demographics, and consumer preferences. Consumption
of beer in Canada is also seasonal with approximately 41% of industry sales volume occurring during the four months from May through August. 

 Competitive Conditions 

 2008 Canada Beer Industry Overview 

        The Canadian brewing industry is a mature market. It is characterized by aggressive competition for volume and market share from
regional brewers, microbrewers and certain foreign brewers, as well as Molson's main domestic competitor. These competitive pressures require significant annual investment in marketing and selling
activities. 

        There
are three major beer segments based on price: super premium, which includes imports; premium, which includes the majority of domestic brands and the light sub-segment;
and value. 

        Since
2001, the premium beer category in Canada has gradually lost volume to the super-premium and value (below premium) categories. The growth of the value category slowed in 2006 and
2007, and the price gap between premium and value brands remained relatively stable in 2008, although the number of value brands being marketed by competitors increased. In 2008, we increased selling
prices for our premium brands in select markets, but constantly monitor competitive activity to ensure we appropriately balance pricing with volume growth. 

        During
2008, estimated industry sales volume in Canada, including sales of imported beers, increased by 1.1% on a year-over-year basis. 

 Our Competitive Position 

        The Canada brewing industry is comprised principally of two major brewers, Molson and Labatt, whose combined market share is
approximately 85% of beer sold in Canada. The Ontario and Québec markets account for approximately 63% of the total beer market in Canada. 

        Our
malt beverages also compete with other alcohol beverages, including wine and spirits, and thus our competitive position is affected by consumer preferences between and among these
other categories. Sales of wine and spirits have grown faster than sales of beer in recent years, resulting in a reduction in the beer segment's lead in the overall alcoholic beverages market. 

 United States Segment 

        Prior to the formation of MillerCoors, CBC produced, marketed, and sold the Coors portfolio of brands in the United States and its
territories and included the results of the RMMC and RMBC joint ventures. The U.S. segment also included sales of Molson brand products sold in the United States. 

9

Table of Contents

Effective
July 1, 2008, MCBC's equity investment in MillerCoors will represent our U.S. operating segment going forward. 

        MillerCoors
is currently the second-largest brewer by volume in the United States, with an approximate 29% market share. MillerCoors produces, markets, and sells a broad portfolio of
brands in the United States and Puerto Rico. 

 Sales and Distribution 

        In the United States, beer is generally distributed through a three-tier system consisting of manufacturers, distributors
and retailers. A national network of approximately 700 independent distributors purchases MillerCoors' products and distributes
them to retail accounts. MillerCoors estimates that approximately 19% of product is sold on-premise in bars and restaurants, and the other 81% is sold off-premise in liquor
stores, convenience stores, grocery stores, and other retail outlets. MillerCoors wholly owns a distributorship, which handled less than 1% of their total volume in 2008. 

 Manufacturing, Production and Packaging in the United States 

 Brewing Raw Materials 

        MillerCoors uses the highest quality water, hops and barley and other cereal grains to brew its products. MillerCoors malts a portion
of its production requirements, using barley purchased under yearly contracts from a network of independent farmers located in five regions in the western United States. Other barley, malt, and cereal
grains are purchased from suppliers primarily in the United States. Hops are purchased from suppliers in the United States and New Zealand and other European countries. MillerCoors has access or
acquired water rights to provide for and to sustain brewing operations in case of a prolonged drought in the regions for which they have operations. MillerCoors utilizes hedging instruments to manage
risks associated with volatility in the commodities (including aluminum for cans and ends) and foreign exchange markets. 

 Brewing and Packaging Facilities 

        There are eight major breweries/packaging facilities which provide MillerCoors products to distributors across the United States and
Puerto Rico. The breweries have capacity to brew and package approximately 85 million barrels of beer annually. MillerCoors imports Molson brands and a portion of another U.S. brand volume from
various Molson breweries. MillerCoors imports 
Peroni, Pilsner Urquell, Grolsch

, and other smaller import brands from SABMiller. 

 Packaging Materials 

 Aluminum cans 

        Over half of U.S. products sold were packaged in aluminum cans in 2008. A portion of aluminum cans were purchased from RMMC, a joint
venture with Ball Corporation ("Ball"), whose production facility is located adjacent to the brewery in Golden, Colorado. In addition to the supply agreement with RMMC, MillerCoors has a commercial
supply agreement with Ball to purchase cans and ends in excess of what is supplied through RMMC; these agreements have various expiration dates. The RMMC joint venture agreement is scheduled to expire
in 2012. Aluminum is an exchange-traded commodity, and its price can be volatile. 

 Glass bottles 

        Less than half of U.S. products in 2008 were packaged in glass bottles. RMBC, a joint venture with Owens-Brockway Glass
Container, Inc. ("Owens"), produces a portion of their U.S. glass bottle requirements at its glass manufacturing facility in Wheat Ridge, Colorado. The joint venture with 

10

Table of Contents

Owens,
as well as a supply agreement with Owens for the glass bottles required in excess of RMBC's production, expires in 2015. 

 Kegs 

        The remaining U.S. production volume sold in 2008 was packaged in quarter, half, and one-sixth barrel stainless steel kegs.
A limited number of kegs are purchased each year, and there is no long-term supply agreement. 

 Other packaging 

        Crowns, labels, corrugate and paperboard are purchased from concentrated sources unique to each product. MillerCoors does not foresee
difficulties in accessing packaging products in the future. 

 Contract Manufacturing 

        MillerCoors has an agreement with S&P Company whereby MillerCoors will brew, package, and ship products for sale to Pabst Brewing
Company through 2014. Additionally, MillerCoors produces beer under contract for our Global Brands and Market Development group, Miller Brewing International and Foster's LLC. 

 Seasonality of the Business 

        MillerCoors' U.S. sales volumes are normally lowest in the winter months (first and fourth quarters) and highest in the summer months
(second and third quarters). 

 Competitive Conditions 

 Known Trends and Competitive Conditions 

        Industry and competitive information in this section and elsewhere in this report was compiled from various industry sources, including
beverage analyst reports (
Beer Marketer's Insights, Impact Databank and The Beer Institute),

 and MillerCoors distributors. While management believes
that these sources are reliable, we cannot guarantee the accuracy of data and estimates obtained from these sources. 

 2008 U.S. Beer Industry Overview 

        The beer industry in the United States is highly competitive, and the two largest brewers, of which MillerCoors is the smaller, occupy
approximately 78% of the category. The combination of Miller and Coors in mid-2008 was designed to create a stronger U.S. brewer with the scale, operational efficiency and distribution
platform to compete more effectively against larger brewers, both domestic and global. Growing or even maintaining market share has required increasing investments in marketing. U.S. beer industry
shipments had an annual growth rate during the past 10 years of 1.0%, compared with 0.7% in 2008. Front-line pricing pressure and discounting in the U.S. beer industry was less
intense in 2008, 2007 and 2006, contrasted with a high level of promotions in the second half of 2005. 

 Our Competitive Position 

        The MillerCoors portfolio of beers competes with numerous above premium, premium, low-calorie, popular priced,
non-alcoholic, and imported brands. These competing brands are produced by international, national, regional and local brewers. MillerCoors competes most directly with Anheuser-Busch Inbev
("A-B Inbev"), but also competes with imported and craft beer brands. According to 
Beer Marketer's Insights

 estimates, MillerCoors is the
nation's second-largest brewer, selling approximately 29% of the total 2008 U.S. brewing industry shipments (including exports and U.S. shipments of imports). This compares to A-B Inbev's
49% share. 

11

Table of Contents

        MillerCoors'
malt beverages also compete with other alcohol beverages, including wine and spirits, and thus our competitive position is affected by consumer preferences between and among
these other categories. Sales of wine and spirits have grown faster than sales of beer in recent years, resulting in a reduction in the beer segment's lead in the overall alcohol beverage market. 

 United Kingdom Segment 

        Coors Brewers Limited is the United Kingdom's second-largest beer company with unit volume sales of approximately 9.0 million
U.S. barrels in 2008. CBL has an approximate 20% share of the U.K. beer market, Western Europe's second-largest market. Sales are primarily in England and Wales, with 
Carling

 (a mainstream lager)
representing more than three-fourths of CBL's total beer volume. The U.K. segment consists of our production
and sale of the CBL brands in the U.K., our joint venture arrangement for the production and distribution of 
Grolsch

 brands in the U.K. and the Republic
of Ireland, factored brand sales (beverage brands owned by other companies, but sold and delivered to retail by us), and our Tradeteam joint venture arrangement with DHL (formerly Exel Logistics) for
the distribution of products throughout Great Britain. 

 Sales and Distribution 

 United Kingdom 

        In the U.K., beer is generally distributed through a two-tier system consisting of manufacturers and retailers. Unlike the
U.S., where manufacturers are generally not permitted to distribute beer directly to retail, the large majority of our beer in the U.K. is sold directly to retailers. It is also common in the U.K. for
brewers to distribute beer, wine, spirits, and other products owned and produced by other companies ("factored" brands) to the on-premise channel (bars and restaurants). Approximately 32%
of CBL's net sales value in 2008 was composed of "factored" brands. Factored brand sales are included in our net sales and cost of goods sold when sold but are not included in the
reported volumes. 

        Distribution
activities for CBL are conducted by Tradeteam, which operates a system of satellite warehouses and a transportation fleet. Tradeteam also manages the transportation of malt
to the CBL breweries. 

        Over
the past three decades, volumes have shifted from the higher margin on-premise channel, where products are consumed in pubs and restaurants, to the lower margin
off-premise channel, also referred to as the "take-home" market. 

 On-Premise Market Channel 

        The on-premise channel accounted for approximately 58% of our U.K. sales volumes in 2008. The on-premise
channel is generally segregated further into two more specific categories: multiple on-premise and free on-premise. Multiple on-premise refers to those customers
that own a number of pubs and restaurants and free on-premise refers to individual owner-operators of pubs and restaurants. The on-going market trend from the higher-margin
free on-premise category to the lower-margin multiple on-premise category places downward pressure on the profitability of our U.K. segment. In 2008, CBL sold approximately 69%
and 31% of its on-premise volume to multiple and free on-premise customers, respectively. In recent years, pricing competition in the on-premise channel has
intensified as the retail pub chains have consolidated. As a result, the larger pub chains have been able to negotiate lower beer prices from brewers. A national smoking ban was enacted in 2007
affecting all pubs and restaurants in the U.K., which has had an unfavorable impact on beer volume sold in this channel. 

        The
installation and maintenance of draught beer dispensing equipment in the on-premise channel is generally the responsibility of the brewer in the U.K. Accordingly, CBL
owns equipment used to 

12

Table of Contents

dispense
beer from kegs to consumers. This includes beer lines, cooling equipment, taps, and countermounts. 

        Similar
to other U.K. brewers, CBL has traditionally used loans to secure supply relationships with customers in the on-premise market. Loans are normally granted at
below-market rates of interest, with the outlet purchasing beer at lower-than-average discount levels to compensate. We reclassify a portion of sales revenue to interest income
to reflect the economic substance of these loans. 

 Off-Premise Market Channel 

        The off-premise channel accounted for approximately 42% of our U.K. sales volume in 2008. The off-premise
market includes sales to supermarket chains, convenience stores, liquor store chains, distributors, and wholesalers. The off-premise channel has become increasingly concentrated among a
small number of super-store chains, placing increasing downward pressure on pricing. 

 Manufacturing, Production and Packaging 

 Brewing Raw Materials 

        We use high quality water, barley and hops to brew our products. During 2008, CBL produced approximately 97% of its required malt using
barley purchased from sources in the U.K. Malt sourced externally was committed through 2009 and is produced through a toll malting agreement where CBL purchases the required barley and pays a
conversion fee to the malt vendor. Hops and adjunct starches used in the brewing process are purchased from agricultural sources in the United Kingdom and on the European continent. CBL does not
anticipate difficulties in accessing these agricultural products going forward, although prices have continued to rise over the past year. 

        We
ensure high quality water by obtaining our water from private water sources that are carefully chosen for their purity and are regularly tested to ensure their ongoing purity and to
confirm that we meet all of the U.K. private water regulations. Public water supplies are used as back-up to the private supplies in some breweries, and these are again tested regularly to
ensure their ongoing purity. 

 Brewing and Packaging Facilities 

        We operate three breweries in the U.K. The Burton-on-Trent brewery, located in the Midlands region of England,
is the largest brewery in the United Kingdom and accounts for approximately two-thirds of CBL's production. Smaller breweries are located in Tadcaster and Alton. Product
sold in Ireland is produced by contract brewers. 

 Packaging Materials 

 Kegs and casks 

        We used kegs and casks for approximately 53% of our U.K. products in 2008, reflecting a high percentage of product sold
on-premise. In April 2007, CBL purchased the existing keg population that had been owned and managed by a third-party service provider which was placed in receivership early in 2007. A
limited number of additional kegs will be purchased every year, and there is no long-term supply commitment. 

 Cans 

        Approximately 38% of our U.K. products were packaged in steel cans with aluminum ends in 2008. All of our cans are purchased through a
supply contract with Ball. 

13

Table of Contents 

 Glass bottles 

        Approximately 6% of our U.K. products are packaged in glass bottles purchased through supply contracts with third-party suppliers. 

 Other packaging 

        The remaining 3% of our U.K. sales are shipped in bulk tanker for other brewers to package. 

        Crowns,
labels, corrugate, and paperboard are purchased from concentrated sources unique to each product. CBL does not foresee difficulties in accessing these or other packaging
materials in the foreseeable future. 

 Seasonality of Business 

        In the U.K., the beer industry is subject to seasonal sales fluctuations primarily influenced by holiday periods, weather and by
certain major televised sporting events. Peak selling seasons occur during the summer and during the Christmas and New Year periods. The Christmas/New Year holiday peak is most pronounced in the
off-premise channel. Consequently, our largest quarters by volume are the second and fourth quarters, and the smallest are the first and third. Weather conditions can significantly impact
sales volumes, as noted during 2008 and 2007 when unusually cool, rainy weather in the summer months resulted in lower sales volumes. 

 Competitive Conditions 

 2008 U.K. Beer Industry Overview 

        After being relatively stable between 2000 to 2003, U.K. beer consumption has seen 5 years of decline. This has been driven by a
number of factors, including changes in consumers' lifestyles, falling discretionary income and pressure from other drinks categories, notably wine. These factors are expected to continue to affect
the beer market in the near future. In 2008, beer consumption declined by 5.5%, with performance affected by poor summer weather and the impact of smoking bans in England, Wales and Northern Ireland. 

        On-premise
sales fell by 9.3% in 2008, with the smoking bans accelerating the switch from on- to off-premise. A widening price differential between
the on-premise (higher prices) and the off-premise (lower prices) has tended to benefit off-premise sales. Off-premise sales in 2008 were virtually
unchanged from the prior year. 

        The
industry has also experienced a steady trend away from ales and towards lager. Sales of lagers accounted for 75% of the U.K. market in 2008. Continuing in 2008, was the
long-term trend of the market shifting from ales to lager. The top 10 beer brands now represent approximately 66% of the total market, compared to only 34% in 1995. 

 Our Competitive Position 

        Our beers compete not only with similar products from competitors, but also with other alcohol beverages, including wines, spirits, and
ciders. With the exception of stout, where we do not have our own brand, our brand portfolio gives us strong representation in all major beer categories. Our strength in the growing lager category
with 
Carling

, 
Grolsch

, 
Coors Light

, and 
C2

 positions us well
to take advantage of the continuing trend toward lagers. Our portfolio has been strengthened by the introduction of a range of
imported and specialty beer brands, such as 
Sol

, 
Zatec

, 
Palm

, and 
Kasteel
Cru

. 

        Our
principal competitors are Scottish & Newcastle U.K. Ltd., Inbev U.K. Ltd., and Carlsberg U.K. Ltd. We are the U.K.'s second-largest brewer, with a market
share of approximately 20% 

14

Table of Contents

(excluding
factored brands sales), based on AC Nielsen information. This compares to Scottish & Newcastle U.K. Ltd.'s share of approximately 25%, Inbev U.K. Ltd.'s share of
approximately 18%, and Carlsberg U.K. Ltd.'s share of approximately 13%. In 2008, CBL had a small gain in its share of the U.K. beer market. 

 Global Brand and Market Development and Corporate 

        The objectives of the Global Brand and Market Development ("Global Markets") group are to grow and expand our business and brand
portfolios in global development markets. Our current businesses in Asia, continental Europe, Mexico and the Caribbean (excluding Puerto Rico) are included in Global Markets and combined with our
corporate business activities for reporting purposes. Corporate also includes corporate interest and certain other general and administrative costs that are not allocated to any of the operating
segments. 

 Asia 

        Our Japanese business is currently focused on the 
Zima

 and Coors brands. Our business
in China is principally focused on 
Coors Light

. Product sold in Japan and China is
contract brewed by a third party in China. The small amount of remaining volume sold in Asia is exported from the U.S. under a brewing agreement with MillerCoors. 

 Europe 

        Our European business is focused on selling C
arling, Caffrey's

 and small amount of 
Coors Light

 to the British tourist destinations in continental Europe focused primarily in but not limited to Spain, Greece, Sweden and Cyprus. We also
sell products to British Military in Germany. The products are produced and exported by our CBL breweries through agreements with independent distributors. 

 Mexico Central America and the Caribbean 

        Coors Light is sold in Mexico through an exclusive licensing agreement with Cerveceria Cuauhtemoc Moctezuma, S.A. de C.V.
("CCM"), a subsidiary of FEMSA Cerveza. CCM is responsible for the brewing of our products sold in Mexico. In addition, our products sold in a number of non-Puerto Rico Caribbean and
Panama markets are produced under a brewing agreement by MillerCoors and are exported to and sold through agreements with independent distributors. 

 Corporate 

        Corporate includes interest and certain other general and administrative costs that are not allocated to any of the operating segments.
The majority of these corporate costs relate to worldwide administrative functions, such as corporate affairs, legal, human resources, accounting, treasury, insurance and risk management. Corporate
also includes certain royalty income and administrative costs related to the management of intellectual property. 

 Other Information 

 Global Intellectual Property 

        We own trademarks on the majority of the brands we produce and have licenses for the remainder. We also hold several patents on
innovative processes related to product formula, can making, can decorating, and certain other technical operations. These patents have expiration dates through 2021. We are not reliant on royalty or
other revenue from third parties for our financial success. Therefore, these expirations are not expected to have a significant impact on our business. 

15

Table of Contents

 Inflation 

        Inflation is typically a factor in the segments in which we operate and we experience inflationary trends in specific areas, such as
freight and fuel, agricultural commodities (barley, corn and hops), aluminum packaging materials and employment costs. Inflation in diesel fuel costs impacts the U.S. segment most significantly due to
the geographic size of the U.S. market and the concentration of production at fewer facilities. The U.S. segment is also the most exposed to inflation in aluminum prices, since it packages the
majority of its product in aluminum cans. Each of our segments has different levels of exposure to inflation based on the specific characteristics of the market. 

 Regulation 

 Canada 

        In Canada, provincial governments regulate the production, marketing, distribution, selling, and pricing of beer (including the
establishment of minimum prices), and impose commodity taxes and license fees in relation to the production and sale of beer. In 2008, Canada excise taxes totaled $564.5 million or $74.72 per
barrel sold. In addition, the federal government regulates the advertising, labeling, quality control, and international trade of beer, and also imposes commodity taxes, consumption taxes, excise
taxes, and in certain instances, custom duties on imported beer. Further, certain bilateral and multilateral treaties entered into by the federal government, provincial governments and certain foreign
governments, especially with the United States, affect the Canadian beer industry. 

 United States 

        In the U.S., the beer business is regulated by federal, state, and local governments. These regulations govern many parts of
MillerCoors operations, including brewing, marketing and advertising, transportation, distributor relationships, sales, and environmental issues. To operate their facilities, they must obtain and
maintain numerous permits, licenses and approvals from various governmental agencies, including the U.S. Treasury Department; Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau; the U.S. Department of
Agriculture; the U.S. Food and Drug Administration; state alcohol regulatory agencies; and state and federal environmental agencies. 

        Governmental
entities also levy taxes and may require bonds to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. U.S. federal excise taxes on malt beverages are currently $18 per
barrel. State excise taxes are levied at varying rates with a U.S. mean of $1.22 per barrel in 2008. 

 United Kingdom 

        In the U.K., regulations apply to many parts of our operations and products, including brewing, food safety, labeling and packaging,
marketing and advertising, environmental, health and safety, employment, and data protection regulations. To operate our breweries and carry on business in the United Kingdom, we must obtain and
maintain numerous permits and licenses from local Licensing Justices and governmental bodies, including Her Majesty's Revenue & Customs ("HMRC"); the Office of Fair Trading; the Data Protection
Commissioner and the Environment Agency. 

        The
U.K. government levies excise taxes on all alcohol beverages at varying rates depending on the type of product and its alcohol content by volume. In 2008, we incurred approximately
$1.1 billion in excise taxes on gross revenues of approximately $2.4 billion, or $118.88 per barrel. 

16

Table of Contents

 Environmental Matters 

 Canada 

        Our Canadian brewing operations are subject to provincial environmental regulations and local permit requirements. Each of our Canadian
breweries, other than the St. John's brewery, has water treatment facilities to pre-treat waste water before it goes to the respective local governmental facility for final
treatment. We have environmental programs in Canada including organization, monitoring and verification, regulatory compliance, reporting, education and training, and corrective action. 

        Molson
sold a chemical specialties business in 1996. The company is still responsible for certain aspects of environmental remediation, undertaken or planned, at those chemical
specialties business locations. We have established provisions for the costs of these remediation programs. 

 United States 

        We are one of a number of entities named by the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") as a potentially responsible party ("PRP") at
the Lowry Superfund site. This landfill is owned by the City and County of Denver ("Denver") and is managed by Waste Management of Colorado, Inc. ("Waste Management"). In 1990, we recorded a
pretax charge of
$30 million, a portion of which was put into a trust in 1993 as part of a settlement with Denver and Waste Management regarding then outstanding litigation. Our settlement was based on an
assumed remediation cost of $120 million (in 1992 adjusted dollars). The settlement requires us to pay a portion of future costs in excess of that amount. 

        Considering
uncertainties at the site, including what additional remedial actions may be required by the EPA, new technologies, and what costs are included in the determination of when
the $120 million threshold is reached, the estimate of our liability may change as facts further develop. We cannot predict the amount or timing of any such change, but additional accruals
could be required in the future. 

        We
are aware of groundwater contamination at some of our properties in Colorado resulting from historical, ongoing, or nearby activities. There may also be other contamination of which
we are currently unaware. 

        From
time to time, we have been notified that we are or may be a PRP under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act or similar state laws for the cleanup
of other sites where hazardous substances have allegedly been released into the environment. While we cannot predict our eventual aggregate cost for the environmental and related matters in which we
may be or are currently involved, we believe that any payments, if required, for these matters would be made over a period of time in amounts that would not be material in any one year to our
operating results, cash flows, or our financial or competitive position. We believe adequate reserves have been provided for losses that are probable and estimable. 

 United Kingdom 

        We are subject to the requirements of government and local environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations.
Compliance with these laws and regulations did not materially affect our 2008 capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position, and we do not anticipate that they will do so in 2009. 

        Environmental
expenditures at each of our segments for 2008, 2007 and 2006 to evaluate and remediate such sites were not material. 

17

Table of Contents

 Employees and Employee Relations 

 Canada 

        We have approximately 2,700 full-time employees in our Canada segment. Approximately 63% of this total workforce is
represented by trade unions. Workplace change initiatives are continuing and as a result, joint union and management steering committees established in most breweries are focusing on customer service,
quality, continuous improvement, employee training, and a growing degree of employee involvement in all areas of brewery operations. We believe that relations with our Canada employees are good. 

 United States 

        MillerCoors has approximately 9,000 employees. Approximately 33% of its work force is represented by unions. We believe that
MillerCoors' relations with its U.S. employees are good. 

        We
have approximately 180 employees in our corporate headquarters in Denver, Colorado. We believe that relations with our U.S. employees are good. 

 United Kingdom 

        We have approximately 2,300 employees in our U.K. segment. Approximately 29% of this total workforce is represented by trade unions,
primarily at our Burton-on-Trent and Tadcaster breweries. The agreements do not have expiration dates and negotiations are conducted annually. We believe that relations with
our U.K. employees are good. 

(d)   Financial Information about Foreign and Domestic Operations and Export Sales 

        See Part II—Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Item 8 Note 2 "SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION" to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for discussion of sales, operating income, and identifiable assets attributable to our country of domicile, the United States, and all foreign countries. 

(e)   Available Information 

        Our internet website is http://www.molsoncoors.com. Through a direct link to our reports at the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov, we make available, free of
charge on our website, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those
reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such materials to the SEC. 

        In
addition, all of Molson Coors' directors and employees, including its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and other senior financial officers, are bound by Molson Coors'
Code of Business Conduct, which complies with the requirements of the New York Stock Exchange and the SEC to ensure that the business of Molson Coors is conducted in a legal and ethical manner. The
Code of Business Conduct covers all areas of professional conduct, including employment policies, conflicts of interest, fair dealing, and the protection of confidential information, as well as strict
adherence to all laws and regulations applicable to the conduct of our business. Molson Coors intends to disclose future amendments to, or waivers from, certain provisions of the Code of Business
Conduct for executive officers and directors on its website within four business days following the date of such amendment or waiver. 

18

Table of Contents

 Cautionary Statement Pursuant to Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 

        This document and the documents incorporated in this document by reference contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks
and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this document and the materials accompanying this document are forward-looking statements. 

        Forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. Frequently, but not always,
forward-looking statements are identified by the use of the future tense and by words such as "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "will," "may," "could," "would," "projects," "continues,"
"estimates," or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our or our industry's actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to be
materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 

        The
forward-looking statements contained or incorporated by reference in this document are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of
1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") and are subject to the safe harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
statements include declarations regarding our plans, intentions, beliefs, or current expectations. 

        Among
the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements are the risks and uncertainties described under "Risk
Factors" and elsewhere in this document and in our other filings with the SEC. 

        Forward-looking
statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. The forward-looking statements included in this document are made as of the date of
this document and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect new information, subsequent events or otherwise. 

19

Table of Contents

 Executive Officers and Directors 

        The following tables set forth certain information regarding our Executive Officers and Directors as of February 13, 2009: 

 Executive Officers 

Name 

Age 

Position 

Kevin T. Boyce

53

President and Chief Executive Officer of Molson Canada

Peter H. Coors

62

Chairman of the Board of the Company, Executive Director of Coors Brewing Company, and Chairman of the Board of MillerCoors LLC

Stewart Glendinning

43

Chief Financial Officer and a Director of MillerCoors LLC

Ralph P. Hargrow

56

Chief People Officer

Mark Hunter

46

President and Chief Executive Officer of Coors Brewers Limited

Cathy Noonan

52

Chief Shared Services Officer

David Perkins

55

President, Global Brand and Market Development, and a Director of MillerCoors LLC

Peter Swinburn

56

President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director, and a Director of MillerCoors LLC

Gregory L. Wade

60

Chief Supply Chain Officer

Samuel D. Walker

50

Chief Legal Officer, Corporate Secretary, and Managing Director of MillerCoors LLC

 Board of Directors 

Name 

Age 

Position 

Francesco Bellini

61

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Neurochem Inc.

Rosalind G. Brewer

46

Senior Vice President and Division President of Operations and Regional General Manager of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.

John E. Cleghorn

67

Chairman of the Board of Canadian Pacific Railway

Peter H. Coors

62

Chairman of the Board of the Company, Executive Director of Coors Brewing Company, and Chairman of the Board of MillerCoors LLC

Melissa Coors Osborn

37

Director of Organizational Development of MillerCoors LLC

Charles M. Herington

49

Executive Vice President, Avon Products Inc., and President, Avon Latin America

Franklin W. Hobbs

61

Operating partner of One Equity Partners and Director of Lord, Abbett & CO

Andrew T. Molson

41

Partner and Vice Chairman of RES PUBLICA Consulting Group

Eric H. Molson

71

Vice Chairman of the Board of the Company, and Director of the Montréal General Hospital Corporation and Foundation, the Canadian Irish Studies Foundation and Vie des Arts

Iain J.G. Napier

59

Non-executive Chairman of Imperial Tobacco Group and McBride, and non-executive Director of Collins Stewart and John Menzies

David P. O'Brien

67

Chairman of the Board of the Royal Bank of Canada, and Chairman of the Board of EnCana Corporation

Pamela H. Patsley

51

Executive Chairman of the Board of MoneyGram International, and a Director of Dr. Pepper Snapple Group, Inc.

H. Sanford Riley

57

President and Chief Executive Officer of Richardson Financial Group, Ltd.

Peter Swinburn

56

President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and a Director of MillerCoors LLC

20

Table of Contents 

 

        The reader should carefully consider the following factors and the other information contained within this document. The most important
factors that could influence the achievement of our goals, and cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements, include, but are not limited to, the
following: 

 Risks Specific to Our Company 

         If Pentland and the Coors Trust do not agree on a matter submitted to stockholders, generally the matter will not be approved, even if beneficial to us or favored by other
stockholders.

    Pentland Securities (a company controlled by Eric Molson, a related party) ("Pentland") and the Coors Trust, which together control more than
two-thirds of our Class A common stock and Class A exchangeable shares, have voting trust agreements through which they have combined their voting power over the shares of
our Class A common stock and the Class A exchangeable shares that they own. In the event that these two stockholders do not agree to vote in favor of a matter submitted to a stockholder
vote (other than the election of directors), the voting trustees will be required to vote all of the Class A common stock and Class A exchangeable shares deposited in the voting trusts
against the matter. There is no other mechanism in the voting trust agreements to resolve a potential deadlock between these stockholders. Therefore, if either Pentland or the Coors Trust is unwilling
to vote in favor of a transaction that is subject to a stockholder vote, we would be unable to complete the transaction even if our board, management or other stockholders believe the transaction is
beneficial for Molson Coors. 

         Our success as an enterprise depends largely on the success of relatively few products in several mature markets; the failure or weakening of one or more of these products or
markets
could materially adversely affect our financial results.

    The combination of the 
Canadian

 and 
Coors Light

brands represented more than 53% of our Canada segment's sales volume in 2008. Similarly, MillerCoors is dependent on 
Miller Lite

 and 
Coors Light

 in
the U.S. 
Carling

lager is the best-selling brand in the United Kingdom and represented more than 80% of our U.K. segment sales volume in 2008. Consequently, any material shift in consumer preferences away
from these brands, or from the categories in which they compete, would have a disproportionately large adverse impact on our business. Moreover, each of our major markets is mature, and in each we
face large competitors who have greater financial, marketing, and distribution resources and are more diverse in terms of their geographies and brand portfolios. 

         Poor investment performance of pension plan holdings and other factors impacting pension plan costs could unfavorably impact liquidity and results of
operations.

    Our costs of providing defined benefit pension plans are dependent upon a number of factors, such as the rates of return on the plans' assets, discount
rates, the level of interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels of the plans, exchange rate fluctuations, future government regulation, and our required and/or voluntary
contributions made to the plans. While we comply with the minimum funding requirements, we have certain qualified pension plans with obligations which exceed the value of the plans' assets. The recent
significant worldwide decline in equity prices and in the value of other financial investments, together with unfavorable foreign exchange rate movements, has significantly increased our pension
liabilities. Without sustained growth in the pension investments over time to increase the value of the plans' assets and depending upon the other factors as listed above, we could be required to fund
the plans with significant amounts of cash. Such cash funding obligations could have a material impact on our cash flows, credit rating and cost of borrowing, financial position, or results of
operations. 

         We rely on a small number of suppliers to obtain the packaging we need to operate our business. The inability to obtain materials could unfavorably affect our ability to produce
our
products.

    We purchase certain types of packaging materials from a small number of suppliers. This packaging (including aluminum cans, aluminum can sheet, glass
bottles and paperboard) is unique and is produced by a limited number of suppliers. Consolidation of the packaging materials suppliers has reduced local 

21

Table of Contents

supply
alternatives and increased risks of supply disruptions. The inability of any of these suppliers to meet our production requirements, or those of MillerCoors, without sufficient time to develop
an alternative source could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

        Consolidation of brewers worldwide may lead to the termination of one or more manufacturer/distribution agreements, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business.

    We manufacture and/or distribute products of other beverage companies, including those of one or more competitors, through various licensing,
distribution or other arrangements in Canada and the United Kingdom. Beer industry consolidation may increase the competitive environment, straining our current and future relationships with our
partners. The loss of one or more of these arrangements could have a material adverse effect on the results of one or more reporting segments. 

        Because we will continue to face intense global competition, operating results may be unfavorably impacted.

    The brewing industry
is highly
competitive and requires substantial human and capital resources. Competition in our markets could require us to reduce prices or increase capital and other expenditures or cause us to lose sales
volume, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. In addition, in some of our markets, our primary competitors have substantially greater financial,
marketing, production and distribution resources than Molson Coors has. In all of the markets in which Molson Coors operates, aggressive marketing strategies by our main competitors could adversely
affect our financial results. 

        We may not properly execute, or realize the anticipated $250 million of cost savings or benefits from, our ongoing strategic initiatives.

    Our
success is partly dependent upon properly executing and realizing cost savings or other benefits from the additional cost savings initiatives identified during 2007. These initiatives are primarily
designed to make the company more efficient across the whole of the business, which is a necessity in our highly competitive industry. These initiatives are often complex, and a failure to implement
them properly may, in addition to not meeting projected cost savings or benefits, result in a strain on the company's sales, manufacturing, logistics, customer service, or finance and accounting
functions. Any of these results could have a material adverse effect on the business and financial results of the company. 

         Changes in tax, environmental or other regulations or failure to comply with existing licensing, trade and other regulations could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition.

    Our business is highly regulated by federal, state, provincial, and local laws and regulations in various countries regarding such matters as licensing
requirements, trade and pricing practices, labeling, advertising, promotion and marketing practices, relationships with distributors, environmental matters, smoking bans at on-premise
locations, and other matters. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations or changes in these laws and regulations or in tax, environmental, excise tax levels imposed or any other laws or
regulations could result in the loss, revocation or suspension of our licenses, permits or approvals and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. Additionally, the combination of the Miller and Coors businesses may expose Molson Coors to regulatory risk arising from the legacy Miller portfolio. 

         Our consolidated financial statements are subject to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, most significantly the British pound ("GBP") and the Canadian dollar
("CAD").

    We hold assets and incur liabilities, earn revenues and pay expenses in different currencies, most significantly in Canada and in the United Kingdom.
Since our financial statements are presented in U.S. Dollars ("USD"), we must translate our assets, liabilities, income and expenses into USD at current exchange rates. Increases and decreases in the
value of the USD will affect, perhaps adversely, the value of these items in our financial statements, even if their local currency value has not changed. We have active hedging programs to address
foreign exchange rate changes. However, to the extent that we fail to adequately manage these risks, including if our hedging arrangements do not effectively or completely hedge changes in foreign
currency rates, our results of operations may be adversely impacted. 

22

Table of Contents

         Our operations face significant commodity price change exposure which could materially and adversely affect our operating results.

    We use a large
volume of agricultural and other raw materials to produce our products, including barley, barley malt, hops, corn, other various starches, water, and packaging materials, including aluminum, cardboard
and other paper products. We also use a significant amount of diesel fuel in our operations. The supply and price of these raw materials and commodities can be affected by a number of factors beyond
our control, including market demand, global geopolitical events (especially as to their impact on crude oil prices and the resulting impact on diesel fuel prices), frosts, droughts and other weather
conditions, economic factors affecting growth decisions, plant diseases, and theft. To the extent any of the foregoing factors affect the prices of ingredients or packaging, our results of operations
could be materially and adversely impacted. We have active hedging programs to address commodity price changes. However, to the extent we fail to adequately manage these risks, including if our
hedging arrangements do not effectively or completely hedge
changes in commodity price risks, including price risk associated with diesel fuel and aluminum, our results of operations may be adversely impacted. 

         We could be adversely affected by overall declines in the beer market.

    Consumer trends in some global markets indicate increases
in consumer
preference for wine and spirits, as well as for lower priced, value segment beer brands, which could result in loss of volume or a deterioration of operating margins. 

         The success of our business relies heavily on brand image, reputation, and product quality. Deterioration to our brand equity may have a material effect on our operations and
financial
results.

    It is important we have the ability to maintain and increase the image and reputation of our existing products. The image and reputation of our products
may be reduced in the future; concerns about product quality, even when unsubstantiated, could be harmful to our image and reputation of our products. Restoring the image and reputation of our
operations may be costly; operations and financial results may be adversely impacted. 

         Due to a high concentration of unionized workers in the United Kingdom, Canada and at MillerCoors in the U.S., we could be significantly affected by labor strikes, work stoppages,
or
other employee-related issues.

    Approximately 63%, 29% and 33% of the Molson, CBL and MillerCoors workforces, respectively, are represented by trade unions.
Although we believe relations with our employees and the MillerCoors employees are good, stringent labor laws in the U.K. expose us to a greater risk of loss should we experience labor disruptions in
that market. 

         Changes to the regulation of the distribution systems for our products could adversely impact our business.

    In 2006, the U.S.
Supreme Court ruled
that certain state regulations of interstate wine shipments are unlawful. As a result of this decision, states may alter the three-tier distribution system that has historically applied to
the distribution of products now sold through MillerCoors (including our on-U.S. products). Changes to the three-tier distribution system could have a materially adverse impact
on MillerCoors. Further, in certain Canadian provinces, our products are distributed through joint venture arrangements that are mandated and regulated by provincial government regulators. If
provincial regulation should change, effectively eliminating the distribution channels, the costs to adjust our distribution methods could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

         Because of our reliance on third-party service providers for certain administrative functions, we could experience a disruption to our business.

    We
rely exclusively on one information services provider worldwide for our information technology functions including network, help desk, hardware, and software configuration. Additionally, during the
first quarter of 2008, we signed a contract with another third-party service provider to outsource a significant portion of work associated with our finance and accounting, human resources, and other
information technology functions. We transitioned much of the work to our service provider during 2008, and will continue that process, specifically for HR related activities during the first half of
2009. If one of these service providers were to fail and we were unable 

23

Table of Contents

to
find a suitable replacement in a timely manner, we could be unable to properly administer our information technology systems or other administrative tasks associated with the outsourced functions. 

         We may incur impairments of the carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives.

    In
connection with
various business combinations, we have allocated material amounts of the related purchase prices to goodwill and other intangible assets that are considered to have indefinite useful lives. These
assets are tested for impairment at least annually, using estimates and assumptions affected by factors such as economic and industry conditions and changes in operating performance. In Canada, a
significant portion of the purchase price of the 2005 merger between Molson and Coors was allocated to Molson's core brands, which have been assigned an indefinite life. Projected declines in sales
volume or net price realization, or projected increases in costs to produce these brands, could cause an impairment in their value. Further, in the event that the adverse financial impact of current
trends with respect to our U.K. business continues and is worse than we anticipate, we may be required to record impairment charges. These charges could be material and could adversely impact our
results of operations. 

 Risks Specific to Our Discontinued Operations 

        Indemnities provided to the purchaser of 83% of the Cervejarias Kaiser Brasil S.A. ("Kaiser") business in Brazil could result in future cash outflows and statement of
operations
charges.

    In 2006, we sold our 83% ownership interest in Kaiser to FEMSA Cerveza S.A. de C.V. ("FEMSA"). The terms of our 2006 agreement require us to
indemnify FEMSA for exposures related to certain tax, civil and labor contingencies and certain purchased tax credits. The ultimate resolution of these claims is not under
our control, and we cannot predict the outcomes of administrative and judicial proceedings that will occur with regard to these claims. It is possible that we will have to make cash outlays to FEMSA
with regard to these indemnities. These indemnity obligations are recorded as liabilities on our balance sheet in conjunction with the sale, we could incur future statement of operations charges as
facts further develop resulting in changes to our estimates or changes in our assessment of probability of loss on these items. Due to the uncertainty involved in the ultimate outcome and timing of
these contingencies, significant adjustments to the carrying value of our indemnity liabilities and corresponding statement of operations charges/credits could result in the future. 

 Risks Specific to the Canada Segment 

        We may be required to provide funding to the entity that owns the Montréal Canadiens hockey club and certain related entertainment businesses pursuant to the guarantees
given to the National Hockey League ("NHL").

    Pursuant to certain guarantees given to the NHL as a minority owner of the Montréal
Canadiens professional hockey club (majority ownership was sold by Molson in 2001) and certain related entertainment businesses, Molson may have to provide funding to the Club (joint and severally
based on our 19.9% ownership) to meet its obligations and its operating expenses if the Club cannot meet its obligations under various agreements. 

        We may experience continued discounting in Canada.

    Price discounting in Quebec, especially in the Quebec off-premise channel,
negatively impacted our
volume performance and margins in our Canadian segment in 2008. The continuation, or the increase of such discounting, in Quebec or other in provinces, could further adversely impact our business. 

 Risks Specific to the U.S. Segment and MillerCoors 

         We may not realize cost savings and other benefits from MillerCoors due to challenges associated with integrating operations, technologies, sales, and other aspects of the
operations.

    The success of MillerCoors will depend in part on the success of the management team in integrating the operations, technologies, and personnel of
MCBC's and SABMiller's former U.S. operations. The failure of MillerCoors to 

24

Table of Contents

integrate
the two operations or otherwise realize the anticipated benefits of the joint venture transaction, including the estimated $500 million annual cost savings that we previously
projected, could unfavorably impact the results of operations of MillerCoors. In addition, the overall integration of MCBC and SABMiller's respective U.S. operations is a complex undertaking and,
accordingly, may result in unanticipated operational problems, expenses and liabilities, and diversion of management's attention. 

        The
challenges involved in this integration include the following: 

•

integrating successfully the respective Miller and Coors U.S. operations, technologies, products and services; 

•

reducing the costs associated with each company's U.S. operations; 

•

coordinating sales, distribution, and marketing efforts to effectively promote the products of MillerCoors; 

•

preserving distribution, marketing, or other important relationships of the U.S. operations of both Miller and Coors and
resolving potential conflicts that may arise; 

•

successful integration of the distributorship structure of the two entities, including the resolution of disputes arising
from the consolidation of distributors arising from the MillerCoors joint venture; 

•

coordinating and rationalizing research and development activities to accelerate introduction of new products and other
innovations; 

•

retaining management, key employees and business partners; 

•

assimilating the personnel and business cultures of both companies; and building employee morale and motivation. 

Any
adverse financial, operation or other events affecting MillerCoors could adversely affect our financial results or prospects. 

         We do not fully control the operations and administration of MillerCoors, our investment in which represents our interests in the U.S. beer
business.

    We jointly control MillerCoors with SABMiller, and hold 42% economic interest in it. MillerCoors management is responsible for the day to day operations
of the business including brewing, distribution, sales, marketing (including the growth and preservation of brand equities), finance, information technology, human resources, legal, technical
operations, safety, environmental compliance, and relationships with governments. As we do not have full control over the activities of MillerCoors, our results of operations for those ventures are
dependent upon the efforts of MillerCoors management, our ability to govern the joint venture effectively with SABMiller, and factors beyond our control that may affect SABMiller. Additionally, our
disclosure controls and procedures with respect to MillerCoors are necessarily substantially more limited than those we maintain with respect to our consolidated subsidiaries. 

         MillerCoors is highly dependent on independent distributors in the United States to sell its products, with no assurance that these distributors will effectively sell its and our
products.

    MillerCoors sells all of its products and our non-U.S. products in the United States to distributors for resale to retail outlets. Some of
these distributors are at a competitive disadvantage because they are smaller than the largest distributors in their markets. In addition, the regulatory environment of many states makes it very
difficult to change distributors. Consequently, if MillerCoors is not allowed or is unable to replace unproductive or inefficient distributors, their business, financial position, and results of
operation may be adversely affected. Consolidation of distributors is expected to occur following the formation of MillerCoors. The current state of the financial and credit markets may make it more
difficult for consolidation among distributors to occur. 

25

Table of Contents

 Risks Specific to the United Kingdom Segment 

         Sales volume trends in the United Kingdom brewing industry reflect movement from on-premise channels to off-premise channels, a trend which unfavorably impacts
our profitability.

    In recent years, beer volume sales in the U.K. have been shifting from pubs and restaurants (on-premise) to retail stores
(off-premise), for the industry in general. A ban on smoking in pubs and restaurants across the whole of the U.K. enacted in 2007 accelerated this trend. Margins on sales to
off-premise customers tend to be lower than margins on sales to on-premise customers, and, as a result, continuation of these trends would further adversely impact our
profitability. 

         In the event that a significant pub chain were to go bankrupt, or experience similar financial difficulties, our business could be adversely
impacted.

    We extend credit to pub chains in the U.K. in which some cases the amounts are significant. The continuing challenging economic environment in the U.K.
has caused business at on-premise outlets to slow in late 2008 and early 2009, and some pub chains may face increasing financial difficulty if economic conditions do not improve. In the event that a
pub chain were to be unable to pay amounts owed to the Company as a result of bankruptcy or similar financial difficulties, our business could be adversely impacted. 

         Consolidation of pubs and growth in the size of pub chains in the United Kingdom could unfavorably impact pricing.

    The trend
toward consolidation of
pubs, away from independent pub and club operations, is continuing in the United Kingdom. These larger entities have stronger price negotiating power, and therefore continuation of this trend could
impact CBL's ability to obtain favorable pricing in the on-premise channel (due to the spillover effect of reduced negotiating leverage) and could reduce our revenues and
profit margins. In addition, these larger customers continue to move to purchasing directly more of the products that, in the past, we have provided as part of our factored business. Further
consolidation could contribute to an adverse financial impact. 

         We depend exclusively on one logistics provider in England, Wales, and Scotland for distribution of our CBL products.

    Tradeteam
handles all of the
physical distribution for CBL in England, Wales and Scotland, except where a different distribution system is requested by a customer. If Tradeteam were unable to continue distribution of our products
and we were unable to find a suitable replacement in a timely manner, we could experience significant disruptions in our business that could have an adverse financial impact.