.

Our Products 

        Brands sold in Canada include Coors Light®, Molson Canadian®, Molson Dry®, Molson® Export, Creemore
Springs®, Rickard's Red Ale® and other Rickard's brands, Carling® and Pilsner®. We also brew or distribute under license the following brands: Amstel
Light® under license from Amstel Brouwerij B.V., Heineken® and Murphy's® under license from Heineken Brouwerijen B.V., Asahi® and Asahi
Select® under license from Asahi Beer U.S.A. Inc. and Asahi Breweries, Ltd., Corona® under license from Cerveceria Modelo S.A. De C.V. and
Canacermex, Inc., Miller Lite®, Miller Genuine Draft®, Milwaukee's Best® and Milwaukee's Best Dry® under license from Miller Brewing Company. 

5

Starting
on January 1, 2008, we entered into a joint venture agreement with Grupo Modelo, to import, distribute and market the Modelo beer brand portfolio across all Canadian provinces and
territories. 

        Brands
sold in the United States include: Coors Light®, Coors®, Coors® Non-Alcoholic, Blue Moon® Belgian White Ale and
seasonal Blue Moon brands, George Killian's® Irish Red? Lager, Keystone®, Keystone® Light, Keystone® Ice, and Zima®. We also sell the Molson
family of brands in the United States. 

        Brands
sold in the United Kingdom include: Carling®, C2®, Coors Light®, Worthington's® ales, Caffrey's®, Reef®,
Screamers® and Stones®. We also sell Grolsch® in the United Kingdom through a joint venture. Additionally, in order to be able to provide a full line of beer and
other beverages to our on-premise customers, we sell factored brands in our Europe segment, which are third party brands for which we provide distribution to retail, typically on a
non-exclusive basis. Beginning in 2008, we have entered into a contract brewing and kegging agreement with Scottish & Newcastle U.K. Ltd. for the Fosters® and
Kronenbourg® brands. 

        We
sold approximately 19% of our 2007 reported volume in the Canada segment, 58% in the United States segment, and 23% in the Europe segment. In 2007, our largest brands accounted for
the following percentage of total consolidated volume: Coors Light accounted for approximately 46% of reported volume, Carling for approximately 18%, and Keystone Light for approximately 8%. 

        Our
sales volume from continuing operations totaled 42.1 million barrels in 2007, 42.1 million barrels in 2006 and 40.4 million barrels in 2005, excluding Brazil
volume in discontinued operations. The barrel sales figures for periods prior to our Merger on February 9, 2005 do not include barrel sales of our
products sold in Canada or the United States through the former Molson Coors Canada or Molson U.S.A. joint ventures. Our reported sales volumes also do not include the CBL factored brands business.
The fiscal years ended December 30, 2007, and December 25, 2005, were 52 week periods and fiscal year ended December 31, 2006, was a 53 week period. 

        No
single customer accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated or segmented sales in 2007, 2006 or 2005. 

Canada Segment 

        Molson is Canada's second largest brewer by volume and North America's oldest beer company, with an approximate 41% market share in Canada. Molson brews, markets,
sells and nationally distributes a wide variety of beer brands. Molson's portfolio consists of strength or leadership in all major product and price segments. Molson has strong market share and
visibility across retail and on-premise channels. Priority focus and investment is leveraged behind key owned brands (Coors Light, Molson Canadian, Molson Dry, Molson Export and Rickard's)
and key strategic distribution partnerships (including Heineken, Corona and Miller). Coors Light currently has a 12% market share and is the largest-selling light beer and the second-best
selling beer brand overall in Canada. Molson Canadian currently has an 8% market share and is the third-largest selling beer in Canada. 

        Our
Canada segment consists primarily of the production and sale of the Molson brands, Coors Light, and partner and other brands listed above under "Our Products." The Canada segment
also includes our partnership arrangements related to the distribution of beer in Ontario, Brewers Retail Inc. ("BRI"), and the Western provinces, Brewers' Distributor Ltd.
("BDL"). BRI is currently consolidated in our financial statements. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. 

6

Sales and Distribution 

Canada 

        In Canada, provincial governments regulate the beer industry, particularly the regulation of the pricing, mark-up, container management, sale,
distribution, and advertising of beer. Distribution and retailing of products containing alcohol involves a wide range and varied degree of Canadian government control through their respective
provincial liquor boards. 

Province of Ontario 

        In Ontario, beer may only be purchased at retail outlets operated by BRI, at government-regulated retail outlets operated by the Liquor Control Board of Ontario,
approved agents of the Liquor Control Board of Ontario, or at any bar, restaurant, or tavern licensed by the Liquor Control Board of Ontario to sell liquor for on-premise consumption. All
brewers pay a service fee, based on their sales volume, through BRI. Molson, together with certain other brewers, participates in the ownership of BRI in proportion to its provincial market share
relative to other brewers. Ontario brewers may deliver directly to BRI's outlets or may choose to use BRI's distribution centers to access retail stores in Ontario, the Liquor Control Board of Ontario
system and licensed establishments. 

Province of Québec 

        In Québec, beer is distributed directly by each brewer or through independent agents. Molson is the agent for the licensed brands it distributes.
The brewer or agent distributes the products to permit holders for retail sales for on-premise consumption. Québec retail sales for home consumption are made through grocery
and convenience stores as well as government operated stores. 

Province of British Columbia 

        In British Columbia, the government's Liquor Distribution Branch currently controls the regulatory elements of distribution of all alcohol products in the
province. Brewers' Distributor Ltd. ("BDL"), which Molson co-owns with a competitor, manages the distribution of Molson's products throughout British Columbia.
Consumers can purchase beer at any Liquor Distribution Branch retail outlet, at any independently owned and licensed wine or beer retail store or at any licensed establishment for
on-premise consumption. Liquor-primary licensed establishments for on-premise consumption may also be licensed for off-premise consumption. 

Province of Alberta 

        In Alberta, the distribution of beer is managed by independent private warehousing and shipping companies or by a government sponsored system in the case of U.S.
sourced products. All sales of liquor in Alberta are made through retail outlets licensed by the Alberta Gaming and Liquor Commission or licensees, such as bars, hotels and restaurants. BDL manages
the distribution of Molson's products in Alberta. 

Other Provinces 

        Molson's products are distributed in the provinces of Manitoba and Saskatchewan through local liquor boards. Manitoba and Saskatchewan also have licensed private
retailers. BDL manages the distribution of Molson's products in Manitoba and Saskatchewan. In the Maritime Provinces (other than Newfoundland), local liquor boards distribute and retail Molson's
products. Yukon, Northwest Territories and Nunavat manage distribution and retail through government liquor commissioners. 

7

Manufacturing, Production and Packaging 

Brewing Raw Materials 

        Molson's goal is to procure highest quality materials and services at the lowest prices available. Molson selects global suppliers for materials and services that
best meet this goal. Molson also uses hedging instruments to protect from volatility in the commodities and foreign exchange markets. 

        Molson
sources barley malt from two primary providers, with commitments through 2009. Hops are purchased from a variety of global suppliers in the U.S., Europe, and New Zealand, with
commitments
through 2008. Other starch brewing adjuncts are sourced from two main suppliers, both in North America. We do not foresee any significant risk of disruption in the supply of these agricultural
products. Molson and CBC in the U.S. have benefited from merger-driven cost synergies related to the acquisition of certain brewing materials. Water used in the brewing process is from local sources
in the communities where our breweries operate. 

Brewing and Packaging Facilities 

        Molson has six breweries, strategically located throughout Canada, which brew, bottle, package, market and distribute all owned and licensed brands sold in and
exported from Canada. The breweries are as follows: Montréal (Québec), Toronto (Ontario), Vancouver (British Columbia), Moncton (New Brunswick), St. John's
(Newfoundland) and Creemore (Ontario). The Montréal and Toronto breweries account for approximately four-fifths of our Canada production. 

Packaging Materials 

Glass bottles 

        Molson single sourced glass bottles in 2007 and has a committed supply through 2008 from three various suppliers. Availability of glass bottles has not been an
issue, and Molson does not expect any difficulties in accessing them. However, the risk of glass bottle supply disruptions has increased with the reduction of local supply alternatives due to the
consolidation of the glass bottle industry in North America. The distribution systems in each province generally provide the collection network for returnable bottles. The standard container for beer
brewed in Canada is the 341 ml returnable bottle, which represents approximately 63% of domestic sales in Canada. 

Aluminum cans 

        Molson single sources aluminum cans and has a committed supply through 2011. Availability of aluminum cans has not been an issue, and Molson does not expect any
difficulties in accessing them. The distribution systems in each province generally provide the collection network for aluminum cans. Aluminum cans account for approximately 26% of domestic sales in
Canada. 

Kegs 

        Molson sells approximately 11% of its beer volume in stainless steel kegs. A limited number of kegs are purchased every year, and there is no
long-term supply commitment. 

Other packaging 

        Crowns, labels, corrugate, and paperboard are purchased from concentrated sources unique to each product. Molson does not foresee difficulties in accessing these
products in the near future. 

8

Seasonality of Business 

        Total industry volume in Canada is sensitive to factors such as weather, changes in demographics, and consumer preferences. Consumption of beer in Canada is also
seasonal with approximately 41% of industry sales volume occurring during the four months from May through August. 

Competitive Conditions 

2007 Canada Beer Industry Overview 

        Since 2001, the premium beer category in Canada has gradually lost volume to the super-premium and "value" (below premium) categories. The growth of the value
category slowed in 2006 and 2007, and the price gap between premium and value brands was relatively stable, although the number of value
brands increased. In 2007, we increased regular selling prices for our premium brands in select markets, but used targeted feature price activity to generate growth. 

        The
Canadian brewing industry is a mature market. It is characterized by aggressive competition for volume and market share from regional brewers, microbrewers and certain foreign
brewers, as well as Molson's main domestic competitor. These competitive pressures require significant annual investment in marketing and selling activities. 

        There
are three major beer segments based on price: super premium, which includes imports; premium, which includes the majority of domestic brands and the light sub-segment;
and value. 

        During
2007, estimated industry sales volume in Canada, including sales of imported beers, increased by 0.9% on a year-over-year basis. 

Our Competitive Position 

        The Canada brewing industry is comprised principally of two major brewers, Molson and Labatt, whose combined market share is approximately 84% of beer sold in
Canada. The Ontario and Québec markets account for approximately 62% of the total beer market in Canada. 

        Our
malt beverages also compete with other alcohol beverages, including wine and spirits, and thus our competitive position is affected by consumer preferences between and among these
other categories. Sales of wine and spirits have grown faster than sales of beer in recent years, resulting in a reduction in the beer segment's lead in the overall alcoholic beverages market. 

United States Segment 

        Coors Brewing Company is the third-largest brewer by volume in the United States, with an approximate 11% market share. CBC produces, markets, and sells the Coors
portfolio of brands in the United States and its territories and includes the results of the Rocky Mountain Metal Corporation and Rocky Mountain Bottle Corporation joint ventures. The U.S. segment
also includes Coors brand volume, primarily Coors Light, that is sold outside of the United States and its territories, primarily Mexico and the Caribbean, as well as sales of Molson brand products in
the United States. 

        On
October 9, 2007, MCBC and SABMiller plc (the investing companies) announced that they signed a letter of intent to combine the U.S. and Puerto Rico operations of their
respective subsidiaries, CBC and Miller Brewing Company, in a joint venture ("MillerCoors"). The parties signed a definitive joint venture agreement on December 20, 2007. See discussion in this
Item 1 under "Joint Ventures and Other Arrangements" for further information regarding MillerCoors. 

9

Sales and Distribution 

        In the United States, beer is generally distributed through a three-tier system consisting of manufacturers, distributors and retailers. A national
network of approximately 560 independent distributors purchases our products and distributes them to retail accounts. We estimate that approximately 20% of our product is sold on-premise
in bars and restaurants, and the other 80% is sold off-premise in liquor stores, convenience stores, grocery stores, and other retail outlets. We also own three distributorships which
collectively handled approximately 2% of our total U.S. segment's volume in 2007. One of these owned distributors is under contract to be sold, and closing is anticipated in March 2008. Approximately
47% of our volume passes through one of our 11 satellite re-distribution centers throughout the United States prior to being sold to distributors. In Puerto Rico, we market and sell Coors
Light through an independent distributor. Coors Light is the leading beer brand in Puerto Rico. Sales in Puerto Rico represented less than 3% of our U.S. sales volume in 2007. We also sell our
products in several other Caribbean markets. Cerveceria Cuauhtemoc Moctezuma, S.A. de C.V., a subsidiary of FEMSA Cerveza, is the sole and exclusive importer, marketer, seller and distributor
of Coors Light in Mexico. 

Manufacturing, Production and Packaging in the United States 

Brewing Raw Materials 

        We use the highest-quality water, barley, and hops to brew our products. We malt 100% of our production requirements, using barley purchased under yearly
contracts from a network of independent farmers located in five regions in the western United States. Hops and starches are purchased from suppliers primarily in the United States. We have acquired
water rights to provide for and to sustain
brewing operations in case of a prolonged drought in Colorado. CBC also uses hedging instruments to manage risks associated with volatility in the commodities and foreign exchange markets. 

Brewing and Packaging Facilities 

        We have two production facilities in the United States. We own and operate the world's largest single-site brewery located in Golden, Colorado. We
also operate a second brewing facility located in the Shenandoah Valley in Elkton, Virginia. The Golden brewery has the capacity to brew and package 22 million barrels and 16 million
barrels annually, respectively. The Shenandoah brewery has a production capacity of approximately 7 million barrels. The Shenandoah facility sources its barley malt from the Golden malting
facility. All products shipped to Puerto Rico or otherwise exported outside the U.S. are brewed and packaged at the Shenandoah facility. The U.S. segment imports Molson products and a portion of
another U.S. brand volume from various Molson breweries. 

Packaging Materials 

Aluminum cans 

        Approximately 61% of our U.S. products were packaged in aluminum cans in 2007. We purchased approximately 80% of those cans from RMMC, our joint venture with Ball
Corporation ("Ball"), whose production facility is located adjacent to the brewery in Golden, Colorado. In addition to our supply agreement with RMMC, we also have a commercial supply agreement with
Ball to purchase cans and ends in excess of what is supplied through RMMC. Aluminum is an exchange-traded commodity and its price can be volatile. We utilize hedging instruments to manage risks
associated with this volatility. The RMMC joint venture agreement is scheduled to expire in 2012. 

10

Glass bottles 

        We packaged approximately 28% of our U.S. products in 2007 in glass bottles. RMBC, our joint venture with Owens-Brockway Glass Container, Inc. ("Owens"),
produces approximately 60% of our U.S. glass bottle requirements at our glass manufacturing facility in Wheat Ridge, Colorado. Our joint venture with Owens, as well as a supply agreement with Owens
for the glass bottles we require in excess of joint venture production, expires in 2015. 

Kegs 

        The remaining 11% of U.S. volume we sold in 2007 was packaged in quarter, half, and one-sixth barrel stainless steel kegs. A limited number of kegs
are purchased each year, and there is no long-term supply agreement. 

Other packaging 

        Crowns, labels, corrugate and paperboard are purchased from concentrated sources unique to each product. We purchase most of our paperboard from a subsidiary of
Graphic Packaging Corporation ("GPC"), a related party discussed further in Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. CBC does not foresee difficulties in accessing
packaging products in the future. 

Seasonality of the Business 

        Our U.S. sales volumes are normally lowest in the first and fourth quarters and highest in the second and third quarters. 

Competitive Conditions 

Known Trends and Competitive Conditions 

        Industry and competitive information in this section and elsewhere in this report was compiled from various industry sources, including beverage analyst reports
(
Beer Marketer's Insights, Impact Databank and The Beer Institute),

 and distributors. While management believes that these sources are reliable, we
cannot guarantee the accuracy of data and estimates obtained from these sources. 

2007 U.S. Beer Industry Overview 

        The beer industry in the United States is highly competitive and increasingly fragmented, with a profusion of offerings in the above-premium category. With
respect to premium lager-style beer, three major brewers control approximately 77% of the market. Growing or even maintaining market share has required increasing investments in marketing and sales.
U.S. beer industry shipments had an annual growth rate during the past 10 years of 0.9% and 1.4% in 2007. Price discounting in the U.S. beer industry was less intense in 2007 and 2006, compared
with a high level of promotions in the second half of 2005. 

        Since
the change in the Excise Tax structure in Puerto Rico in June 2002, the beer market there has been in modest decline. Additionally, while this market has traditionally been split
among U.S. imports, other foreign imports and local brewers, due to the tax advantage held by the local brewer, the Medalla brand has gained significant share in the past several years. Coors Light
remains the market leader in Puerto Rico with an approximate 45% market share. 

Our Competitive Position 

        Our malt beverages compete with numerous above-premium, premium, low-calorie, popular-priced, non-alcoholic, and imported brands. These
competing brands are produced by national, regional, local, 

11

and
international brewers. We compete most directly with Anheuser-Busch and SAB Miller ("SAB"). We also compete with imported craft beer brands. According to 
Beer Marketer's
Insights

 estimates, we are the nation's third-largest brewer, selling approximately 11% of the total 2007 U.S. brewing industry shipments (including exports and U.S. shipments
of imports). This compares to Anheuser-Busch's 48% share and SAB's 18% share. 

        Our
malt beverages also compete with other alcohol beverages, including wine and spirits, and thus our competitive position is affected by consumer preferences between and among these
other categories. Sales of wine and spirits have grown faster than sales of beer in recent years, resulting in a reduction in the beer segment's lead in the overall alcoholic beverages market. 

Europe Segment 

        Coors Brewers Limited is the United Kingdom's second-largest beer company with unit volume sales of approximately 9.7 million U.S. barrels in 2007. CBL has
an approximate 21% share of the U.K. beer market, Western Europe's second-largest market. Sales are primarily in England and Wales, with the Carling brand (a mainstream lager) representing more than
three-fourths of CBL's total beer volume. The Europe segment consists of our production and sale of the CBL brands principally in the U.K., our joint venture arrangement for the
production and distribution of Grolsch in the U.K. and Republic of Ireland, factored brand sales (beverage brands owned by other companies, but sold and delivered to retail by us), and our Tradeteam
joint venture arrangement with DHL (formerly Exel Logistics) for the distribution of products throughout Great Britain. Our Europe segment also manages a small volume of sales, primarily of Coors
products, in Asia and other export markets. 

Sales and Distribution 

United Kingdom 

        In the U.K., beer is generally distributed through a two-tier system consisting of manufacturers and retailers. Unlike the U.S., where manufacturers
are generally not permitted to distribute beer directly to retail, the large majority of our beer in the U.K. is sold directly to retailers. It is also common in the U.K. for brewers to distribute
beer, wine, spirits, and other products owned and produced by other companies to the on-premise channel, where products are consumed in bars and restaurants. Approximately 30% of
CBL's net sales value in 2007 was these "factored" brands. Factored brand sales are included in our net sales and cost of goods sold when ultimately sold but are not included in the
reported volumes. 

        Distribution
activities for CBL are conducted by Tradeteam, which operates a system of satellite warehouses and a transportation fleet. Tradeteam also manages the transportation of malt
to the CBL breweries. 

        Over
the past three decades, volumes have shifted from the higher margin on-premise channel, where products are consumed in pubs and restaurants, to the lower margin
off-premise channel, also referred to as the "take-home" market. 

On-Premise Market Channel 

        The on-premise channel accounted for approximately 60% of our U.K. sales volumes in 2007. The on-premise channel is generally segregated
further into two more specific categories: multiple on-premise and free on-premise. Multiple on-premise refers to those customers that own a number of pubs and
restaurants and free on-premise refers to individual owner-operators of pubs and restaurants. The on-going market trend from the higher-margin free on-premise
category to the lower-margin multiple on-premise category places downward pressure on the profitability of our Europe segment. In 2007, CBL sold approximately 70% and 30% of its
on-premise volume to multiple and free on-premise 

12

customers,
respectively. In recent years, pricing competition in the on-premise channel has intensified as the retail pub chains have consolidated. As a result, the larger pub chains have
been able to negotiate lower beer prices from brewers. A smoking ban was enacted in 2007 affecting all pubs and restaurants in the U.K., which has had an unfavorable impact on beer volume sold in this
channel. 

        The
installation and maintenance of draught beer dispensing equipment in the on-premise channel is generally the responsibility of the brewer in the U.K. Accordingly, CBL
owns equipment used to dispense beer from kegs to consumers. This includes beer lines, cooling equipment, taps, and countermounts. 

        Similar
to other U.K. brewers, CBL has traditionally used loans to secure supply relationships with customers in the on-premise market. Loans are normally granted at
below-market rates of interest, with the outlet purchasing beer at lower-than-average discount levels to compensate. We reclassify a portion of sales revenue as interest income
to reflect the economic substance of these loans. 

Off-Premise Market Channel 

        The off-premise channel accounted for approximately 40% of our U.K. sales volume in 2007. The off-premise market includes sales to
supermarket chains, convenience stores,
liquor store chains, distributors, and wholesalers. The off-premise channel has become increasingly concentrated among a small number of super-store chains, placing increasing downward
pressure on pricing. 

Asia 

        We continue to develop markets in Asia, which are managed by the Europe segment's management team. We have a Japanese business which is currently focused on the
Zima and Coors brands. Our business in China is principally focused on the Coors Light brand. Product sold in Japan and China is contract brewed by a third party in China. The small amount of
remaining Asia volume is exported from the U.S. 

Manufacturing, Production and Packaging 

Brewing Raw Materials 

        We use high quality water, barley and hops to brew our products. During 2007, CBL produced more than 95% of its required malt using barley purchased from sources
in the U.K. CBL does not anticipate significant challenges in procuring quality malt for the foreseeable future. Malt sourced externally is committed through 2008 and is produced through a toll
malting agreement where CBL purchases the required barley and pays a conversion fee to the malt vendor. Hops and adjunct starches used in the brewing process are purchased from agricultural sources in
the United Kingdom and on the European continent. CBL does not anticipate difficulties in accessing these products going forward although prices have risen dramatically over the past year. 

        We
ensure high quality water by obtaining our water from private water sources that are carefully chosen for their purity and are regularly tested to ensure their ongoing purity and to
confirm that all the requirements of the U.K. private water regulations are met. Public supplies are used as back-up to the private supplies in some breweries, and these are again tested
regularly to ensure their ongoing purity. 

Brewing and Packaging Facilities 

        We operate three breweries in the U.K. The Burton-on-Trent brewery, located in the Midlands, is the largest brewery in the United Kingdom
and accounts for approximately two-thirds of CBL's production. Smaller breweries are located in Tadcaster and Alton. Product sold in Ireland is produced by contract brewers. 

13

Packaging Materials 

Kegs and casks 

        We used kegs and casks for approximately 56% of our U.K. products in 2007, reflecting a high percentage of product sold on-premise. In April 2007, CBL
purchased the existing keg population that had been owned and managed by a third-party service provider which was placed in receivership early in 2007. A limited number of additional kegs will be
purchased every year, and there is no long-term supply commitment. 

Cans 

        Approximately 36% of our U.K. products were packaged in steel cans with aluminum ends in 2007. All of our cans are purchased through a supply contract with Ball. 

Glass bottles 

        Approximately 5% of our U.K. products are packaged in glass bottles purchased through supply contracts with third-party suppliers. 

Other packaging 

        The remaining 3% of our U.K. sales are shipped in bulk tanker for other brewers to package. 

        Crowns,
labels, corrugate, and paperboard are purchased from concentrated sources unique to each product. CBL does not foresee difficulties in accessing these or other packaging
materials in the foreseeable future. 

Seasonality of Business 

        In the U.K., the beer industry is subject to seasonal sales fluctuations primarily influenced by holiday periods, weather and by certain major televised sporting
events. Peak selling seasons occur during the summer and during the Christmas and New Year periods. The Christmas/New Year holiday peak is most pronounced in the off-premise channel.
Consequently, our largest quarters by volume are the second and fourth quarters, and the smallest are the first and third. Weather conditions can significantly impact sales volumes, as noted during
2007 when unusually cool, rainy weather in the summer months resulted in lower sales volumes. 

Competitive Conditions 

2007 U.K. Beer Industry Overview 

        From being relatively stable between 2000 to 2003, U.K. beer consumption has since seen four years of decline. This has been driven by a number of factors,
including changes in consumers' lifestyles, falling discretionary income and pressure from other drinks categories, notably wine. These factors are expected to continue to affect the beer market in
the near future. In 2007, beer consumption declined by approximately 4%, with performance affected by a poor summer and the impact of smoking bans in England, Wales and Northern Ireland. 

        On-premise
sales fell by 6.5% in 2007, with the smoking bans accelerating the switch from on- to off-premise. A widening price differential between
the on-premise (higher prices) and the off-premise (lower prices) has tended to benefit off-premise. Off-premise sales in 2007 dipped into decline, down
0.1%. 

        The
industry has also experienced a steady trend away from ales and towards lager. Sales of lagers accounted for 75% of the U.K. market in 2007. While lager volume has been growing,
ales, including 

14

stouts,
have declined during this period, and this trend has accelerated in the last few years. The top 10 beer brands now represent approximately 66% of the total market, compared to only 34% in
1995. 

Our Competitive Position 

        Our beers compete not only with similar products from competitors, but also with other alcohol beverages, including wines, spirits, and ciders. With the exception
of stout, where we do not have our own brand, our brand portfolio gives us strong representation in all major beer categories. Our strength in the growing lager category with Carling, Grolsch, Coors
Light, and C2 positions us well to take advantage of the continuing trend toward lagers. Our portfolio has been strengthened by the introduction of a range of imported and specialty beer brands, such
as Sol, Zatec, Palm, and Kasteel Cru. 

        Our
principal competitors are Scottish & Newcastle U.K. Ltd., Inbev U.K. Ltd., and Carlsberg U.K. Ltd. We are the U.K.'s second-largest brewer, with a market
share of approximately 21% (excluding factored brands sales), based on AC Nielsen information. This compares to Scottish & Newcastle U.K. Ltd.'s share of approximately 25%, Inbev
U.K. Ltd.'s share of approximately 18%, and Carlsberg
U.K. Ltd.'s share of approximately 12%. In 2007, CBL had a small decline in its share of the U.K. beer market. 

Other Information 

Global Intellectual Property 

        We own trademarks on the majority of the brands we produce and have licenses for the remainder. We also hold several patents on innovative processes related to
product formula, can making, can decorating, and certain other technical operations. These patents have expiration dates through 2021. We are not reliant on royalty or other revenue from third parties
for our financial success. Therefore, these expirations are not expected to have a significant impact on our business. 

Inflation 

        Inflation is typically a factor in the segments in which we operate and we experience inflationary trends in specific areas, such as fuel costs, which were
significantly higher in 2007 when compared to prior years. Inflation in diesel fuel costs impacts the U.S. segment most significantly due to the geographic size of the U.S. market and the
concentration of production at fewer facilities. The U.S. segment is also the most exposed to inflation in aluminum prices, since it packages the majority of its product in aluminum cans. Barley
prices are expected to increase in 2008 as a result of lower supplies as farmers grow an increasingly large corn crop due to the demand for ethanol. 

Regulation 

Canada 

        In Canada, provincial governments regulate the production, marketing, distribution, selling, and pricing of beer (including the establishment of minimum prices),
and impose commodity taxes and license fees in relation to the production and sale of beer. In 2007, Canada excise taxes totaled $558 million or $68.40 per barrel sold. In addition, the federal
government regulates the advertising, labeling, quality control, and international trade of beer, and also imposes commodity taxes, consumption taxes, excise taxes, and in certain instances, custom
duties on imported beer. Further, certain bilateral and multilateral treaties entered into by the federal government, provincial governments and certain foreign governments, especially with the United
States, affect the Canadian beer industry. 

15

United States 

        In the U.S., the beer business is regulated by federal, state, and local governments. These regulations govern many parts of our operations, including brewing,
marketing and advertising, transportation, distributor relationships, sales, and environmental issues. To operate our facilities, we must obtain and maintain numerous permits, licenses and approvals
from various governmental agencies, including the U.S. Treasury Department; Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau; the U.S. Department of Agriculture; the U.S. Food and Drug Administration; state
alcohol regulatory agencies as well as state and federal environmental agencies. 

        Governmental
entities also levy taxes and may require bonds to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. U.S. federal excise taxes on malt beverages are currently $18 per
barrel. State excise taxes also are levied at rates that ranged in 2007 from a high of $32.10 per barrel in Alaska to a low of $0.60 per barrel in Wyoming. In 2007, U.S. excise taxes totaled
$437 million or $18.04 per barrel sold. 

Europe 

        In the U.K., regulations apply to many parts of our operations and products, including brewing, food safety, labeling and packaging, marketing and advertising,
environmental, health and safety, employment, and data protection regulations. To operate our breweries and carry on business in the United Kingdom, we must obtain and maintain numerous permits and
licenses from local Licensing
Justices and governmental bodies, including Her Majesty's Revenue & Customs ("HMRC"); the Office of Fair Trading; the Data Protection Commissioner and the Environment Agency. 

        The
U.K. government levies excise taxes on all alcohol beverages at varying rates depending on the type of product and its alcohol content by volume. In 2007, we incurred approximately
$1.1 billion in excise taxes on gross revenues of approximately $2.6 billion, or approximately $117.49 per barrel. 

Environmental Matters 

Canada 

        Our Canadian brewing operations are subject to provincial environmental regulations and local permit requirements. Each of our Canadian breweries, other than the
St. John's brewery, has water treatment facilities to pre-treat waste water before it goes to the respective local governmental facility for final treatment. We have environmental
programs in Canada including organization, monitoring and verification, regulatory compliance, reporting, education and training, and corrective action. 

        Molson
sold a chemical specialties business in 1996. The company is responsible for certain aspects of environmental remediation, undertaken or planned, at those chemical specialties
business locations. We have established provisions for the costs of these remediation programs. 

United States 

        We are one of a number of entities named by the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") as a potentially responsible party ("PRP") at the Lowry Superfund site.
This landfill is owned by the City and County of Denver ("Denver") and is managed by Waste Management of Colorado, Inc. ("Waste Management"). In 1990, we recorded a pretax charge of
$30 million, a portion of which was put into a trust in 1993 as part of a settlement with Denver and Waste Management regarding then outstanding litigation. Our settlement was based on an
assumed remediation cost of $120 million (in 1992 adjusted dollars). The settlement requires us to pay a portion of future costs in excess of that amount. 

        Considering
uncertainties at the site, including what additional remedial actions may be required by the EPA, new technologies, and what costs are included in the determination of when
the $120 million threshold is reached, the estimate of our liability may change as facts further develop. We cannot predict the amount or timing of any such change, but additional accruals
could be required in the future. 

16

        We are aware of groundwater contamination at some of our properties in Colorado resulting from historical, ongoing, or nearby activities. There may also be other contamination of which
we are currently unaware. 

        From
time to time, we have been notified that we are or may be a PRP under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act or similar state laws for the cleanup
of other sites where hazardous substances have allegedly been released into the environment. While we cannot predict our eventual aggregate cost for the environmental and related matters in which we
may be or are currently involved, we believe that any payments, if required, for these matters would be made over a period of time in amounts that would not be material in any one year to our
operating results, cash flows, or our financial or competitive position. We believe adequate reserves have been provided for losses that are probable and estimable. 

Europe 

        We are subject to the requirements of government and local environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations. Compliance with these laws and
regulations did not materially affect our 2007 capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position, and we do not anticipate that they will do so in 2008. 

        Environmental
expenditures at each of our segments for 2007, 2006 and 2005 to evaluate and remediate such sites were not material. 

Employees and Employee Relations 

Canada 

        We have approximately 3,000 full-time employees in our Canada segment. Approximately 63% of this total workforce is represented by trade unions.
Workplace change initiatives are continuing and as a result, joint union and management steering committees established in most breweries are focusing on customer service, quality, continuous
improvement, employee training, and a growing degree of employee involvement in all areas of brewery operations. We believe that relations with our Canada employees are good. 

United States 

        We have approximately 4,100 employees in our U.S. segment. Less than 1% of our U.S. work force is represented by unions. We believe that relations with our U.S.
employees are good. 

Europe 

        We have approximately 2,600 employees in our Europe segment. Approximately 21% of this total workforce is represented by trade unions, primarily at our
Burton-on-Trent and Tadcaster breweries. The agreements do not have expiration dates and negotiations are conducted annually. We believe that relations with our Europe
employees are good. 

(d)   Financial Information about Foreign and Domestic Operations and Export Sales 

        See the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for discussion of sales, operating income, and identifiable assets attributable to our country of
domicile, the United States, and all foreign countries. 

(e)   Available Information 

        Our internet website is http://www.molsoncoors.com. Through a direct link to our reports at the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov, we make available, free of
charge on our website, our annual 

17

reports
on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably
practicable after we electronically file or furnish such materials to the SEC. 

        In
addition, all of Molson Coors' directors and employees, including its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and other senior financial officers, are bound by Molson Coors'
Code of Business Conduct, which complies with the requirements of the New York Stock Exchange and the SEC to ensure that the business of Molson Coors is conducted in a legal and ethical manner. The
Code of Business Conduct covers all areas of professional conduct, including employment policies, conflicts of interest, fair dealing, and the protection of confidential information, as well as strict
adherence to all laws and regulations applicable to the conduct of our business. Molson Coors intends to disclose future amendments to, or waivers from, certain provisions of the Code of Business
Conduct for executive officers and directors on its website within four business days following the date of such amendment or waiver. 

Cautionary Statement Pursuant to Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 

        This document and the documents incorporated in this document by reference contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. All
statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this document and the materials accompanying this document are forward-looking statements. 

        Forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. Frequently, but not always,
forward-looking statements are identified by the use of the future tense and by words such as "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "will," "may," "could," "would," "projects," "continues,"
"estimates," or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our or our industry's actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to be
materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 

        The
forward-looking statements contained or incorporated by reference in this document are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of
1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") and are subject to the safe harbor created
by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements include declarations regarding our plans, intentions, beliefs, or current expectations. 

        Among
the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements are the risks and uncertainties described under "Risk
Factors" and elsewhere in this document and in our other filings with the SEC. 

        Forward-looking
statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. The forward-looking statements included in this document are made as of the date of
this document and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect new information, subsequent events or otherwise. 

 

        The reader should carefully consider the following factors and the other information contained within this document. The most important factors that could
influence the achievement of our goals, 

18

and
cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements, include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Risks Specific to Our Company 

        If Pentland and the Coors Trust do not agree on a matter submitted to stockholders, generally the matter will not be approved, even if
beneficial to us or favored by other stockholders.

    Pentland Securities (a company controlled by Eric Molson, a related party) ("Pentland") and the Coors Trust,
which together control more than two-thirds of our Class A common stock and Class A exchangeable shares, have voting trust agreements through which they have combined their
voting power over the shares of our Class A common stock and the Class A exchangeable shares that they own. In the event that these two stockholders do not agree to vote in favor of a
matter submitted to a stockholder vote (other than the election of directors), the voting trustees will be required to vote all of the Class A common stock and Class A exchangeable
shares deposited in the voting trusts against the matter. There is no other mechanism in the voting trust agreements to resolve a potential deadlock between these stockholders.
Therefore, if either Pentland or the Coors Trust is unwilling to vote in favor of a transaction that is subject to a stockholder vote, we would be unable to complete the transaction even if our board,
management or other stockholders believe the transaction is beneficial for Molson Coors. 

        Our success as an enterprise depends largely on the success of three primary products in three mature markets; the failure or weakening of
one or more of these products or markets could materially adversely affect our financial results.

    The combination of the Molson Canadian and Coors Light brands
represented more than 44% of our Canada segment's sales volume in 2007. Although we currently have 14 products in our U.S. portfolio, Coors Light represented more than 66% of our U.S. segment's sales
volume for 2007. Carling lager is the best-selling brand in the United Kingdom and represented more than 78% of our European segment's sales volume in 2007. Consequently, any material
shift in consumer preferences away from these brands, or from the categories in which they compete, would have a disproportionately large adverse impact on our business. Moreover, each of our three
major markets is mature, and in each we face large competitors who have greater financial, marketing, and distribution resources and are more diverse in terms of their geographies and brand
portfolios. 

        Poor investment performance of pension plan holdings and other factors impacting pension plan costs could unfavorably impact liquidity and
results of operations.

    Our costs of providing defined benefit pension plans are dependent upon a number of factors, such as the rates of return on the plans'
assets, discount rates, the level of interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels of the plans, future government regulation, and our required and/or voluntary contributions made
to the plans. While we comply with the minimum funding requirements, we have certain qualified pension plans with obligations which exceeded the value of the plans' assets. Without sustained growth in
the pension investments over time to increase the value of the plans' assets and depending upon the other factors as listed above, we could be required to fund the plans with significant amounts of
cash. Such cash funding obligations could have a material impact on our cash flows, financial position, or results of operations. 

        We rely on a small number of suppliers to obtain the packaging we need to operate our business. The inability to obtain materials could
unfavorably affect our ability to produce our products.

    For our U.S. business, we purchase most of our paperboard and container supplies from a single supplier or
a small number of suppliers. This packaging is unique and is not produced by any other supplier. Additionally, we are contractually obligated to purchase substantially all our can and bottle needs in
the United States and Canada from our container joint ventures or from our partners in those ventures, Ball Corporation (RMMC) and Owens-Brockway Glass Container, Inc. (RMBC). Consolidation of
the glass bottle industry in North America has reduced local supply alternatives and increased risks of glass bottle supply disruptions. CBL has a single source for its can supply (Ball). The
inability of any of these 

19

suppliers
to meet our production requirements without sufficient time to develop an alternative source could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

        Our United States and Europe production is concentrated among a small number of production facilities, so we could be more vulnerable than
our competitors to transportation disruptions, fuel increases and natural
disasters.

    In the United States and Europe, respectively, we have primary production facilities in Golden, Colorado and Burton-on-Trent,
England. In both segments, our competitors are more geographically dispersed. As a result, we ship our products greater distances than some of our competitors, making us more vulnerable to
fluctuations in costs such as fuel, as well as the impact of any localized natural disasters impacting these two facilities. During 2007, we brought on-line our Shenandoah brewery located
in Elkton, Virginia to reduce risk in the United States segment associated with having a significant single site production facility. 

        Consolidation of brewers worldwide may lead to the termination of one or more manufacturer/distribution agreements, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business.

    We manufacture and/or distribute products of other beverage companies, including those of one or more competitors, through
various licensing, distribution or other arrangements in Canada and the United Kingdom. Beer industry consolidation may increase the competitive environment, straining our current and future
relationships with our partners. The loss of one or more of these arrangements could have a material adverse effect on the results of one or more reporting segments. 

        Because we will continue to face intense global competition, operating results may be unfavorably impacted.

    The brewing industry is highly competitive and requires substantial human and capital resources. Competition in our markets could require us to reduce prices or increase capital and
other expenditures or cause us to lose sales volume, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. In addition, in some of our markets, our primary
competitors have substantially greater financial, marketing, production and distribution resources than Molson Coors has. In all of the markets in which Molson Coors operates, aggressive marketing
strategies by our main competitors could adversely affect our financial results. 

        We may not properly execute, or realize the anticipated $250 million of cost savings or benefits from, our ongoing strategic
initiatives.

    Our success is partly dependent upon properly executing and realizing cost savings or other benefits from the additional cost savings initiatives
identified during 2007. These initiatives are primarily designed to make the company more efficient across the whole of the business, which is a necessity in our highly competitive industry. These
initiatives are often complex, and a failure to implement them properly may, in addition to not meeting projected cost savings or benefits, result in a strain on the company's sales, manufacturing,
logistics, customer service, or finance and accounting functions. Any of these results could have a material adverse effect on the business and financial results of the company. 

        Changes in tax, environmental or other regulations or failure to comply with existing licensing, trade and other regulations could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition.

    Our business is highly regulated by federal, state, provincial, and local laws and regulations in various
countries regarding such matters as licensing requirements, trade and pricing practices, labeling, advertising, promotion and marketing practices, relationships with distributors, environmental
matters, smoking bans at on-premise locations, and other matters. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations or changes in these laws and regulations or in tax, environmental,
excise tax levels imposed or any other laws or regulations could result in the loss, revocation or suspension of our licenses, permits or approvals and could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

        Our consolidated financial statements are subject to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, most significantly the British pound ("GBP")
and the Canadian dollar ("CAD").

    We hold assets and incur liabilities, earn revenues and pay expenses in different currencies, most significantly in Canada and in 

20

the
United Kingdom. Since our financial statements are presented in U.S. Dollars ("USD"), we must translate our assets, liabilities, income and expenses into USD at current exchange rates. Increases
and decreases in the value of the USD will affect, perhaps adversely, the value of these items in our financial statements, even if their local currency value has not changed. We have active hedging
programs to address foreign exchange rate changes. However, to the extent that we fail to adequately manage the foregoing risks, including if our hedging arrangements do not effectively or completely
hedge changes in foreign currency rates, our results of operations may be adversely impacted. 

        Our operations face significant commodity price change exposure which could materially and adversely affect our operating
results.

    We use a large volume of agricultural and other raw materials to produce our products, including barley, barley malt, hops, corn, other various starches,
water, and packaging materials, including aluminum, cardboard and other paper products. We also use a significant amount of diesel fuel in our operations. The supply and price of these raw materials
and commodities can be affected by a number of factors beyond our control, including market demand, global geopolitical events (especially as to their impact on crude oil prices and the resulting
impact on diesel fuel prices), frosts, droughts and other weather conditions, economic factors affecting growth decisions, plant diseases, and theft. To the extent any of the foregoing factors affect
the prices of ingredients or packaging, our results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. We have active hedging programs to address commodity price changes. However, to the extent
we fail to adequately manage the foregoing risks, including if our hedging arrangements do not effectively or completely hedge changes in commodity price risks, including price risk associated with
diesel fuel and aluminum, both of which are at historically high price levels, our results of operations may be adversely impacted. 

        We could be adversely affected by overall declines in the beer market.

    Consumer trends in some global
markets indicate increases in consumer preference for wine and spirits, as well as for lower priced, value segment beer brands, which could result in loss of volume or a deterioration of operating
margins. 

        The success of our business relies heavily on brand image, reputation, and product quality. Deterioration to our brand equity may have a
material effect to our operations and financial results.

    It is important we have the ability to maintain and increase the image and reputation of our existing
products. The image and reputation of our products may be reduced in the future; concerns about product quality, even when unsubstantiated, could be harmful to our image and reputation of our
products. Restoring the image and reputation of our operations may be costly; operations and financial results may be adversely impacted. 

        Due to a high concentration of unionized workers in the United Kingdom and Canada, we could be significantly affected by labor strikes,
work stoppages, or other employee-related issues.

    Approximately 63% of
Molson's total workforce and approximately 21% of CBL's total workforce is represented by trade unions. Although we believe relations with our employees are good, stringent labor laws
in the U.K. expose us to a greater risk of loss should we experience labor disruptions in that market. 

        Changes to the regulation of the distribution systems for our products could adversely impact our
business.

    In 2006, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that certain state regulations of interstate wine shipments are unlawful. As a result of this decision, states may
alter the three-tier distribution system that has historically applied to the distribution of our products. Changes to the three-tier distribution system could have a
materially adverse impact on our business. Further, in certain Canadian provinces, our products are distributed through joint venture arrangements that are mandated and regulated by provincial
government regulators. If provincial regulation should change, effectively eliminating the distribution channels, the costs to adjust our distribution methods could have a material adverse impact on
our business. 

21

        Because of our reliance on third-party service providers for certain administrative functions, we could experience a disruption to our
business.

    We rely exclusively on one information services provider worldwide for our information technology functions including network, help desk, hardware, and
software configuration Additionally, during the first quarter of 2008, we signed a contract with another third-party service provider to outsource a significant portion of work associated with our
finance and accounting, human resources, and other information technology functions. We will begin transitioning work to our service provider in the first half of 2008, and the transition will
continue through the end of the year. If one of these service providers were to fail and we were unable to find a suitable replacement in a timely manner, we could be unable to properly administer our
information technology systems or other administrative tasks associated with the outsourced functions. 

Risks Specific to Our Discontinued Operations 

        Indemnities provided to the purchaser of 83% of the Cervejarias Kaiser Brasil S.A. ("Kaiser") business in Brazil could result in
future cash outflows and statement of operations charges.

    In 2006, we sold our 83% ownership interest in Kaiser to FEMSA Cerveza S.A. de C.V. ("FEMSA"). The
terms of our 2006 agreement require us to indemnify FEMSA for exposures related to certain tax, civil and labor contingencies and certain purchased tax credits. The ultimate resolution of these claims
is not under our control, and we cannot predict the outcomes of administrative and judicial proceedings that will occur with regard to these claims. It is possible that we will have to make cash
outlays to FEMSA with regard to these indemnities. While the fair values of these indemnity obligations are recorded as liabilities on our balance sheet in conjunction with the sale, we could incur
future statement of
operations charges as facts further develop resulting in changes to our fair value estimates or changes in our assessment of probability of loss on these items. Due to the uncertainty involved in the
ultimate outcome and timing of these contingencies, significant adjustments to the carrying value of our indemnity liabilities and corresponding statement of operations charges/credits could result in
the future. 

Risks Specific to the Canada Segment 

        We may be required to provide funding to the entity that owns the Montréal Canadiens hockey club and certain related
entertainment businesses pursuant to the guarantees given to the National Hockey League ("NHL").

    Pursuant to certain guarantees given to the NHL as
a minority owner of the Montréal Canadiens professional hockey club (majority ownership was sold by Molson in 2001) and certain related entertainment businesses, Molson may have to
provide funding to the Club (joint and severally based on our 19.9% ownership) to meet its obligations and its operating expenses if the Club cannot meet its obligations under various agreements. 

Risks Specific to the U.S. Segment 

        The proposed MillerCoors joint venture transaction is subject to the receipt of consents and approvals from government entities that could
delay or prevent completion of the venture transaction or impose conditions on the venture, which could result in a material adverse effect on the business or financial condition of the joint venture
as well as on our business and financial results.

    Completion of the joint venture transaction is conditioned upon the expiration or termination of the applicable
waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act, and the approval of the transaction by certain other regulatory authorities. If such regulatory clearances are not obtained, we will not be
able to complete the transaction, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. In addition, a substantial delay in obtaining satisfactory approvals or the
imposition of unfavorable terms or conditions in the approvals could have a material adverse effect on the business and financial results of the joint venture as well as on our business and financial
results. 

22

        We may not realize the cost savings and other benefits we currently anticipate from the MillerCoors joint venture transaction due to
challenges associated with integrating operations, technologies, sales, and other aspects of the operations.

    The success of the joint venture transaction, if
approved, will depend in part on the success of the management of the venture in integrating the operations, technologies, and personnel of MCBC's and SABMiller's respective U.S. operations following
the completion of the transaction. The failure of the venture to integrate the two operations or otherwise to realize the anticipated benefits of the joint venture transaction, including the estimated
annual cost savings described elsewhere in this document, could negatively impact the results of operations of the joint venture. In addition, the overall integration of MCBC and SABMiller's
respective U.S. operations is complex and, accordingly, may result in unanticipated operational problems, expenses and liabilities, and diversion of management's attention. 

        The
challenges involved in this integration include the following: 

•

integrating
successfully each company's U.S. operations, technologies, products and services;

•

reducing
the costs associated with each company's U.S. operations;

•

coordinating
sales, distribution, and marketing efforts to effectively promote the products of the joint venture;

•

preserving
distribution, marketing, or other important relationships of the U.S. operations of both MCBC and SABMiller and resolving potential conflicts that may arise;

•

coordinating
and rationalizing research and development activities to accelerate introduction of new products;

•

assimilating
the personnel and business cultures of both companies; and

•

building
employee morale and motivation. 

        We are highly dependent on independent distributors in the United States to sell our products, with no assurance that these distributors
will effectively sell our products.

    We sell all of our products in the United States to distributors for resale to retail outlets. Some of our distributors are at
a competitive disadvantage because they are smaller than the largest distributors in their markets. Our distributors also sell products that compete with our products. These distributors may give our
competitors' products higher priority, thereby reducing sales of our products. In addition, the regulatory environment of many states makes it very difficult to change distributors. Consequently, if
we are not allowed or are unable to replace unproductive or inefficient distributors, our business, financial position, and results of operation may be adversely affected. 

        A failure to successfully upgrade certain information technology systems in early 2008 could cause disruption in our
business.

    During early 2008, we are upgrading certain modules of key information technology systems in the United States and the United Kingdom. A failure to
successfully accomplish these upgrades could adversely affect our ability to take orders, plan and schedule production, ship products, and bill customers for shipments. 

Risks Specific to the Europe Segment 

        Sales volume trends in the United Kingdom brewing industry reflect movement from on-premise channels to
off-premise channels, a trend which unfavorably impacts our profitability.

    In recent years, beer volume sales in the U.K. have been shifting from pubs
and restaurants (on-premise) to retail stores (off-premise), for the industry in general. A ban on smoking in pubs and restaurants across the whole of the U.K. enacted in 2007
is accelerating this trend. Margins on sales to off-premise customers tend to be lower than margins on sales to on-premise customers, hence these trends could adversely impact
our profitability. 

23

        Consolidation of pubs and growth in the size of pub chains in the United Kingdom could unfavorably impact
pricing.

    The trend toward consolidation of pubs, away from independent pub and club operations, is continuing in the United Kingdom. These larger entities have
stronger price negotiating power, and therefore continuation of this trend could impact CBL's ability to obtain favorable pricing in the on-premise channel (due to the
spillover effect of reduced negotiating leverage) and could reduce our revenues and profit margins. In addition, these larger customers continue to move to
purchasing directly more of the products that, in the past, we have provided as part of our factored business. Further consolidation could contribute to an adverse financial impact. 

        We depend exclusively on one logistics provider in England, Wales, and Scotland for distribution of our CBL
products.

    We are a party to a joint venture with DHL ("Tradeteam"). Tradeteam handles all of the physical distribution for CBL in England, Wales and Scotland,
except where a different distribution system is requested by a customer. If Tradeteam were unable to continue distribution of our products and we were unable to find a suitable replacement in a timely
manner, we could experience significant disruptions in our business that could have an adverse financial impact. 

        We may incur impairments of the carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets that have indefinite useful
lives.

    In connection with various business combinations, we have allocated material amounts of the related purchase prices to goodwill and other intangible assets
that are considered to have indefinite useful lives. These assets are tested for impairment at least annually, using estimates and assumptions affected by factors such as economic and industry
conditions and changes in operating performance. In the event that the adverse financial impact of current trends with respect to our U.K. business continue and are worse than we anticipate, we may be
required to record impairment charges. These charges could be material and could adversely impact our results of operations.