. 

 

The following are certain factors that could affect our future results. They should be considered in connection with evaluating forward-looking
statements, and are otherwise made by, or on behalf of, us, because these factors could cause actual results and conditions to differ materially from those projected in those forward-looking statements. 

Financing Risks 

We have substantial indebtedness, which could
adversely affect our financial condition and financial flexibility. 

We have significant indebtedness, which has resulted in an increase
in the amount of fixed charges we are obligated to pay. The level of our indebtedness and restrictive covenants contained in our debt obligations could limit our ability to obtain additional financing and could prevent the payment of dividends if
those payments would cause a violation of the covenants. 

We and Tampa Electric Company must meet certain financial tests as defined in the
applicable agreements to use our and its respective credit facilities. Also, we, Tampa Electric Company and other operating companies, have certain restrictive covenants in specific agreements and debt instruments. The restrictive covenants of our
subsidiaries could limit their ability to make distributions to us, which would further limit our liquidity. See the Credit Facilities section and
 Significant Financial Covenants table in the
 Liquidity, Capital Resources
sections of
 MD&A for descriptions of these tests and covenants. 

As of Dec. 31, 2006, we were in compliance with required
financial covenants, but we cannot assure you that we will be in compliance with these financial covenants in the future. Our failure to comply with any of these covenants or to meet our payment obligations could result in an event of default which,
if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of other outstanding debt obligations. We may not have sufficient working capital or liquidity to satisfy our debt obligations in the event of an acceleration of all or a portion of our
outstanding obligations. 

21 

Table of Contents

We also incur obligations in connection with the operations of our subsidiaries and affiliates that do
not appear on our balance sheet. These obligations take the form of guarantees, letters of credit and contractual commitments, as described under Off Balance Sheet Financing and
 Liquidity, Capital Resources sections of the

MD&A. In addition, our unconsolidated affiliates have incurred non-recourse debt. Although we are not obligated on that debt, our investments in those unconsolidated affiliates are at risk if the affiliates default on their debt. 

Our financial condition and ability to access capital may be materially adversely affected by ratings downgrades and we cannot be assured of any rating
improvements in the future. 

Our senior unsecured debt is rated below investment grade by Standard & Poor’s (S&P) at
BB with a stable outlook, by Moody’s Investor’s Services (Moody’s) at Ba2 with a stable outlook and by Fitch Ratings (Fitch) at BB+ with a stable outlook. The senior unsecured debt of Tampa Electric Company is rated by S&P at BBB-
with a stable outlook, by Moody’s at Baa2 with a stable outlook and by Fitch at BBB+ with a stable outlook. Any downgrades by the rating agencies may affect our ability to borrow, may change requirements for future collateral or margin
postings, and may increase our financing costs, which may decrease our earnings. We also may experience greater interest expense than we may have otherwise if, in future periods, we replace maturing debt with new debt bearing higher interest rates
due to our current credit ratings or future downgrades. In addition, downgrades could adversely affect our relationships with customers and counterparties. 

At current ratings, Tampa Electric and PGS are able to purchase gas and electricity without providing collateral. If the ratings of Tampa Electric Company declined to below investment grade, Tampa Electric and PGS
could be required to post collateral to support their purchases of gas and electricity. 

Our financial condition and results could be adversely affected
if our capital expenditures are greater than forecast. 

We are forecasting higher levels of capital expenditures, primarily at Tampa
Electric, for compliance with our environmental consent decree, to support normal customer growth, to comply with the FPSC’s mandated design changes to harden transmission and distribution facilities against hurricane damage, and to improve
coal-fired generating unit reliability. We are also in the early stages of exploring the technology options for the next large generating capacity needs at Tampa Electric. There are large differences in the capital needs depending on the final
technology chosen. Pending a technology decision, the costs for the next large generating capacity addition are not factored into our current capital spending forecast shown in the Capital Expenditures section of
 MD&A. 

Our capital expenditures may exceed the planned amount. If we are unable to maintain capital expenditures at the forecasted levels, we may need to
draw on credit facilities or access the capital markets on unfavorable terms. We cannot be sure that we will be able to obtain additional financing, in which case our financial position, earnings and credit ratings could be adversely affected.

If we are not able to complete the sale of TECO Transport we are considering, our plans to accelerate the retirement of parent level debt and support
Tampa Electric’s increased capital spending needs may be adversely affected. 

If we are unable to complete a sale of TECO
Transport, we would not be positioned to accelerate our goal of retiring our parent level debt earlier than our current forecast. In addition, if a sale were not completed, we would have to consider other options to support Tampa Electric’s
capital spending plans, which could include the sale of other businesses or capital markets transactions. 

Because we are a holding company, we are
dependent on cash flow from our subsidiaries, which may not be available in the amounts and at the times we need it. 

We are a holding
company and are dependent on cash flow from our subsidiaries to meet our cash requirements that are not satisfied from external funding sources. Some of our subsidiaries have indebtedness containing restrictive covenants which, if violated, would
prevent them from making cash distributions to us. In particular, certain long-term debt at PGS prohibits payment of dividends to us if Tampa Electric Company’s consolidated shareholders’ equity is lower than $500 million. At Dec. 31,
2006, Tampa Electric Company’s consolidated shareholders’ equity was approximately $1.7 billion. Also, our wholly owned subsidiary, TECO Diversified, Inc., the holding company for TECO Transport, TECO Coal and TECO Solutions, has a
guarantee related to a coal supply agreement that could limit the payment of dividends by TECO Diversified to us. 

Various factors could affect our
ability to sustain our dividend. 

Our ability to pay a dividend, or sustain it at current levels, could be affected by such factors as
the level of our earnings and therefore our dividend payout ratio, and pressures on our liquidity, including unplanned debt repayments, unexpected capital spending and shortfalls in operating cash flow. These are in addition to any restrictions on
dividends from our subsidiaries to us discussed above. 

22 

Table of Contents

We are vulnerable to interest rate changes and may not have access to capital at favorable rates, if at all.

A portion of our debt bears interest at variable rates, including the floating rate notes we issued in June 2005. Increases in interest
rates, therefore, may require a greater portion of our cash flow to be used to pay interest. In addition, changes in interest rates and capital markets generally affect our cost of borrowing and access to these markets. 

General Business and Operational Risks 

General economic
conditions may adversely affect our businesses. 

Our businesses are affected by general economic conditions. In particular, the
projected growth in Tampa Electric’s service area and in Florida is important to the realization of Tampa Electric’s and PGS’ respective forecasts for annual energy sales growth. An unanticipated downturn or a failure of market
conditions to improve, such as the current slowdown in the housing markets, in the Tampa Electric service areas or in Florida’s economy could adversely affect Tampa Electric’s or PGS’ expected performance. 

Our unregulated businesses, TECO Transport, TECO Coal and TECO Guatemala, are also affected by general economic conditions in the industries and
geographic areas they serve, both nationally and internationally. 

Potential competitive changes may adversely affect our regulated electric and gas
businesses. 

The U.S. electric power industry has been undergoing restructuring. Competition in wholesale power sales has been
introduced on a national level. Some states have mandated or encouraged competition at the retail level and, in some situations, required divestiture of generating assets. While there is active wholesale competition in Florida, the retail electric
business has remained substantially free from direct competition. Although not expected in the foreseeable future, changes in the competitive environment occasioned by legislation, regulation, market conditions or initiatives of other electric power
providers, particularly with respect to retail competition, could adversely affect Tampa Electric’s business and its performance. 

The
gas distribution industry has been subject to competitive forces for several years. Gas services provided by PGS are now unbundled for all non-residential customers. Because PGS earns margins on distribution of gas but not on the commodity itself,
unbundling has not negatively impacted PGS’ results. However, future structural changes that we cannot predict could adversely affect PGS. 

Our
electric and gas businesses are highly regulated, and any changes in regulatory structures could lower revenues or increase costs or competition. 

Tampa Electric and PGS operate in highly regulated industries. Their retail operations, including the prices charged, are regulated by the FPSC, and Tampa Electric’s wholesale power sales and transmission
services are subject to regulation by the FERC. Changes in regulatory requirements or adverse regulatory actions could have an adverse effect on Tampa Electric’s or PGS’ financial performance by, for example, increasing competition or
costs, threatening investment recovery or impacting rate structure. 

Tampa Electric’s earnings may decrease and it may not be able to earn its
allowed return with the current base rates. 

Tampa Electric’s profitability may decrease and it may not be able to earn within its
allowed ROE range under its current base rates due to higher recurring capital spending primarily in the transmission and distribution areas and generally higher levels of non-fuel operations and maintenance spending, even without the construction
of new generating capacity. 

In order to earn within its allowed ROE range given its higher operations and maintenance costs and the
increased investment in infrastructure and facilities, Tampa Electric may have to file for higher rates with the FPSC. While the FPSC has a history of constructive regulation, we cannot predict the outcome of any such regulatory proceeding.

Our businesses are sensitive to variations in weather and the effects of extreme weather, and have seasonal variations. 

Most of our businesses are affected by variations in general weather conditions and unusually severe weather. Tampa Electric’s and PGS’ energy
sales are particularly sensitive to variations in weather conditions. Those companies forecast energy sales on the basis of normal weather, which represents a long-term historical average. Significant variations from normal weather could have a
material impact on energy sales. Unusual weather, such as hurricanes, could adversely affect operating costs and sales and cause damage to our facilities, requiring additional costs to repair. 

PGS, which has a typically short but significant winter peak period that is dependent on cold weather, is more weather-sensitive than Tampa Electric,
which has both summer and winter peak periods. Mild winter weather in Florida can be expected to negatively impact results at PGS. 

Variations in weather conditions also affect the demand and prices for the commodities sold by TECO Coal. TECO Transport is also impacted by weather because of its effects on the supply of and demand for the products transported. Severe
weather conditions could interrupt or slow service and increase operating costs of those businesses. 

Commodity price changes may affect the operating
costs and competitive positions of our businesses. 

Most of our businesses are sensitive to changes in coal, gas, oil and other
commodity prices. Any changes could affect the prices these businesses charge, their operating costs and the competitive position of their products and services. 

In the case of Tampa Electric, fuel costs used for generation are affected primarily by the cost of coal and natural gas. Tampa Electric is able to recover prudently incurred costs of fuel through retail
customers’ bills, but increases in fuel costs affect electric prices and, therefore, the competitive position of electricity against other energy sources. 

The ability to make sales and the margins earned on wholesale power sales are affected by the cost of fuel to Tampa Electric, particularly as it compares to the costs of other power producers. 

23 

Table of Contents

In the case of PGS, costs for purchased natural gas and pipeline capacity are recovered through retail
customers’ bills, but increases in natural gas costs affect total retail prices, and therefore, the competitive position of PGS relative to electricity, other forms of energy and other gas suppliers. 

In the case of TECO Coal, the selling price of coal may cause it to either decrease or increase production. If production is decreased, there may be
costs associated with idling facilities or write-offs of reserves that are no longer economic. 

Changes in customer energy usage patterns may affect
sales at our utility companies. 

The average energy usage per Tampa Electric residential customer declined in 2006. We believe that this
was in response to mild weather, higher energy prices reflected both through the fuel charge on electric bills and for higher energy prices in general, and to changes in residential construction patterns in Tampa Electric’s service area.

Tampa Electric’s forecasts are based on normal weather patterns and long-term historical trends in customer energy use patterns.
Tampa Electric’s ability to increase energy sales and earnings could be negatively impacted if energy prices increase in general and customers continue to use less energy in response to higher energy prices. 

In 2006, the number of multi-family residences completed in Tampa Electric’s service area was the highest level since 2001. New multi-family
residential construction tends to be smaller and more energy efficient than traditional detached residences, therefore the per-residential customer usage is lower for these residences. The number of multi-family building permits issued in Tampa
Electric’s service area in 2006 compared to detached residences indicates that this trend may continue in 2007. A higher percentage of multi-family residences may cause a further decline in per-residential customer usage. 

We rely on some transmission and distribution assets that we do not own or control to deliver wholesale electricity, as well as natural gas. If transmission is
disrupted, or if capacity is inadequate, our ability to sell and deliver electricity and natural gas may be hindered. 

We depend on
transmission and distribution facilities owned and operated by other utilities and energy companies to deliver the electricity and natural gas we sell to the wholesale and retail markets, as well as the natural gas we purchase for use in our
electric generation facilities. If transmission is disrupted, or if capacity is inadequate, our ability to sell and deliver products and satisfy our contractual and service obligations may be hindered. 

The FERC has issued regulations that require wholesale electric transmission services to be offered on an open-access, non-discriminatory basis. Although
these regulations are designed to encourage competition in wholesale market transactions for electricity, there is the potential that fair and equal access to transmission systems will not be available or that sufficient transmission capacity will
not be available to transmit electric power as we desire. We cannot predict the timing of industry changes as a result of these initiatives or the adequacy of transmission facilities. Likewise, unexpected interruption in upstream natural gas supply
or transmission could affect our ability to generate power or deliver natural gas to local distribution customers. 

We may be unable to take advantage
of our existing tax credits and deferred tax benefits. 

We have generated significant tax credits and deferred tax assets that are being
carried over to future periods to reduce future cash payments for income tax. Our ability to utilize the carry-over credits and deferred tax assets is dependent upon sufficient generation of future taxable income. 

Changes in the relationship between the Producer First Purchase Price and the NYMEX oil prices could affect the value of our hedges. 

We have entered into oil price hedge transactions to protect the earnings and cash benefits for the vast majority of our expected 2007 synthetic fuel
production. We have hedged approximately $195 million of the expected proceeds from investors related to the production of synthetic fuel in 2007 on the assumption that the Producer First Purchase Price would average 90% of the NYMEX per barrel oil
price. Changes in this relationship could change the range over which the oil price hedge instruments that we have in place protect our synthetic fuel production benefits. 

Impairment testing of certain long-lived assets and goodwill could result in impairment charges. 

We
test our long-lived assets and goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently if certain triggering events occur. Should the current carrying values of any of these assets not be recoverable, we would incur charges to write down the assets to
fair market value. 

Problems with operations could cause us to incur substantial costs. 

Each of our subsidiaries is subject to various operational risks, including accidents, or equipment failures and operations below expected levels of
performance or efficiency. As operators of power generation facilities, our subsidiaries could incur problems such as the breakdown or failure of power generation equipment, transmission lines, pipelines or other equipment or 

24 

Table of Contents

processes that would result in performance below assumed levels of output or efficiency. Our outlook assumes normal operations and normal maintenance periods
for our operating companies’ facilities. 

There is increasing debate and discussion regarding the regulation of greenhouse gas emissions and some
states have already proposed or enacted regulations relating to these emissions, which if enacted could increase our costs or the costs of our customers or curtail sales. 

Among our companies, Tampa Electric has the most significant number of stationary sources with air
emissions. The form of any greenhouse gas emission regulation, either federal or state, is unknown at this time and potential costs to reduce greenhouse gases are unknown. Presently there is no viable technology to remove CO
2

 post-combustion from conventional coal-fired units such as Tampa Electric’s Big Bend units. 

Regulation in Florida allows utility companies to recover from customers prudently incurred costs for compliance with new environmental regulations.
Tampa Electric would expect to recover from customers the costs of power plant modifications or other costs required to comply with new greenhouse gas emission regulation, but increased costs for electricity may cause customers to change usage
patterns, which would impact Tampa Electric’s sales. If the regulation allowing cost recovery is changed and the cost of compliance is not recovered through the Environmental Cost Recovery Clause, Tampa Electric could seek to recover those
costs through a base-rate proceeding, but we cannot predict whether the FPSC would grant such recovery. 

In the case of TECO Coal, the use
of coal to generate electricity is considered a significant source of greenhouse gas emissions. New regulations, depending on final form, could cause the consumption of coal to decrease or the cost of sales to increase, which could negatively impact
TECO Coal’s earnings. 

TECO Transport does a significant amount of business under certain U.S. government programs that are dependent on annual
appropriations. 

TECO Transport participates in the U.S. Cargo Preference Program and the in PL480 program for shipments of U.S. aid
grain, which are funded annually through the U.S. government’s appropriation process. While these programs have been funded at stable levels for many years, Congress could reduce funding in the future. Our outlook, however, assumes that these
programs continue to be funded at levels similar to the last several years. 

A repeal of the Jones Act could result in increased competition and reduced
profitability for TECO Transport. 

TECO Transport is a U.S. flag carrier with a major portion of its business subject to the Jones Act.
The Jones Act restricts oceangoing shipments directly between U.S. ports and all inland waterway business to U.S. vessels built in U.S. shipyards, owned by citizens of the U.S., and with U.S. citizen crews and it has, on occasion, been cited as a
cause for higher costs by certain domestic industries which have lobbied for repeal of the act or waivers for shipments carried by non-U.S. flag vessels under certain circumstances. A repeal or modification of the Jones Act opening this trade to
non-U.S. flag vessels could potentially increase competition and reduce profitability. 

Our international projects and the operations of TECO Transport
are subject to risks that could result in losses or increased costs. 

Our projects in Guatemala involve numerous risks that are not
present in domestic projects, including expropriation, political instability, currency exchange rate fluctuations, repatriation restrictions, and regulatory and legal uncertainties. TECO Guatemala attempts to manage these risks through a variety of
risk mitigation measures, including specific contractual provisions, obtaining non-recourse financing and obtaining political risk insurance where appropriate. 

Guatemala, similar to many countries, has been experiencing increasing fuel and corresponding electricity prices. As a result, TECO Guatemala’s operations are exposed to increased risks as the country’s
government and regulatory authorities seek ways to reduce the cost of energy to its consumers. 

TECO Transport is exposed to operational
risks in international ports, primarily due to its need for suitable labor and equipment to safely discharge its cargoes in a timely manner. TECO Transport attempts to manage these risks through a variety of risk mitigation measures, including
retaining agents with local knowledge and experience in successfully discharging cargoes and vessels similar to those used by TECO Transport, but these measures may not be successful. 

Changes in the environmental laws and regulations affecting our businesses could increase our costs or curtail our activities. 

Our businesses are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities dealing with air, water and other environmental matters. Changes in compliance requirements or the interpretation by governmental
authorities of existing requirements may impose additional costs on us or require us to curtail some of our businesses’ activities. 

25 

Table of Contents

We are currently defending lawsuits in which we could be liable for damages. 

TECO Energy and certain of its subsidiaries have been named as defendants in lawsuits, as more fully described under Legal Contingencies, in

Note 12 to the
 TECO Energy Consolidated Financial Statements. We intend to vigorously defend all of these proceedings, however, we cannot predict the ultimate resolution of any of these matters at this time, and there can be no assurance
that these matters will not have a material adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations.