. 

General Business and
Operational Risks 

General economic conditions may adversely affect our businesses. 

Our businesses are affected by general economic conditions. In particular, growth in Tampa Electric’s service area and in Florida is
important to the realization of annual energy sales growth for Tampa Electric and PGS. A failure of market conditions to improve, or additional deterioration in the overall economic situation and the currently depressed Florida housing markets,
could adversely affect Tampa Electric’s or PGS’ expected performance. Continuation or worsening of the current economic conditions could affect these companies’ ability to collect payments from customers. 

TECO Coal and TECO Guatemala are also affected by general economic conditions in the industries and geographic areas they serve, both
nationally and internationally. 

Our electric and gas utilities are highly regulated, changes in regulations or the
regulatory environment could reduce revenues or increase costs of competition. 

Tampa Electric and PGS operate in highly
regulated industries. Their retail operations, including the prices charged, are regulated by the FPSC, and Tampa Electric’s wholesale power sales and transmission services are subject to regulation by the FERC. Changes in regulatory
requirements or adverse regulatory actions could have an adverse effect on Tampa Electric’s or PGS’ financial performance by, for example, reducing revenues, increasing competition or costs, threatening investment recovery or impacting
rate structure. 

Tampa Electric and PGS were awarded ROE ranges with mid-points of 11.25% and 10.75%, respectively in 2009
by the FPSC. In 2010, the FPSC awarded ROE ranges with mid-points of 10.5% and 10.0% to other investor owned utilities in Florida. Our financial results could be adversely affected if the FPSC were to lower the allowed ROE in the next base rate
proceedings by either company. 

Tampa Electric and PGS were awarded ROE ranges with mid-points of 11.25% and 10.75% in
their respective 2009 base rate proceedings. Recent decisions by the FPSC in investor owned utility rate cases awarded ROEs below those levels, which could be, in part, an effort to minimize the impact of utility price changes on customers in the
current weak Florida economy. While the FPSC has a history of constructive regulation, the recent actions taken with other companies may signal a change in the Florida regulatory climate. If ROEs were reduced or other elements of the regulatory
framework were changed, our financial results could be adversely affected. 

Changes in the environmental laws and
regulations affecting our businesses could increase our costs or curtail our activities. 

Our businesses are subject to
regulation by various governmental authorities dealing with air, water and other environmental matters. Changes in compliance requirements or the interpretation by governmental authorities of existing requirements may impose additional costs on us
or require us to curtail some of our businesses’ activities. 

Potential new regulations on the disposal and/or storage
of coal combustion by-products could add to Tampa Electric’s operating costs. 

In 2009, in response to a coal ash pond
failure at another utility, the EPA announced that it would propose new regulations regarding coal combustion by-product handling, storage and disposal. As of February 2010, the proposed new rules had not been published. If the new rules reduce or
eliminate the beneficial use of coal combustion by-products, or eliminate the use of ponds for by-product storage, it could increase Tampa Electric’s operating costs through higher disposal costs. 

18 

Table of Contents

Federal or state regulation of GHG emissions, depending on how they are enacted, could
increase our costs or the costs of our customers or curtail sales. 

Among our companies, Tampa Electric
has the most significant number of stationary sources with air emissions. While GHG emission regulations have been proposed, both at the federal and state level, none have been passed at this time and therefore costs to reduce GHGs are unknown.
Presently there is no viable technology to remove CO
2

post-combustion from conventional coal-fired units such as Tampa Electric’s Big Bend units. 

Regulation in Florida allows
utility companies to recover from customers prudently incurred costs for compliance with new environmental regulations. Tampa Electric would expect to recover from customers the costs of power plant modifications or other costs required to comply
with new GHG emission regulation, but increased costs for electricity may cause customers to change usage patterns, which would impact Tampa Electric’s sales. If the regulation allowing cost recovery is changed and the cost of compliance is not
recovered through the ECRC, Tampa Electric could seek to recover those costs through a base-rate proceeding, but we cannot predict whether the FPSC would grant such recovery. 

Changes in environmental laws or regulations could affect TECO Coal’s customers and could reduce the demand for coal as a fuel
source and cause sales to decline. 

The operations of TECO Coal and its customers are subject to extensive environmental
laws and regulations especially air emissions and air quality standards. In particular, the Clean Air Act and state and local laws and regulations limit emissions of sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, particulate matter and other compounds from
electric power plants, which are the single largest users of our coal. 

A major by-product of the combustion of coal is carbon
dioxide, which is considered a major source of greenhouse gases. Future regulation of greenhouse gases as proposed by various federal, state and international initiatives could cause coal-fired power plants or other industrial users of coal to
install expensive or unproven control technologies, cause them to switch to less carbon intensive fuels or shut-down. Any reduction in demand for coal as a fuel source could have a material adverse impact on TECO Coal’s and our financial
results. 

The significant, phased reductions in GHG emissions called for by the executive orders signed by the governor of
Florida in 2007 could add to Tampa Electric’s costs and adversely affect its operating results. 

The Governor of
Florida signed three Executive Orders in July 2007 aimed at reducing Florida’s emissions of GHG. The three orders include directives for reducing GHG emissions by electric utilities to 2000 levels by 2017; to 1990 levels by 2025; and by 80
percent of 1990 levels by 2050; and the creation of the Governor’s Action Team on Energy and Climate Change to develop a plan to achieve the targets contained in the Executive Orders, including any necessary legislative initiatives required.
The Action Team submitted its Phase One report to the Governor on Nov. 1, 2007. The final report was completed by the October 2008 deadline and included recommendations incorporating GHG emission reduction targets and strategies into Florida’s
energy future as well as energy efficiency and conservation targets. 

Also in 2008, the state legislature passed broad energy
and climate legislation that, among other items, affirmed the FDEP’s authority to establish a utility carbon reduction schedule and a carbon dioxide cap and trade system by rule, but added a requirement for legislative ratification of the rule
no sooner than January 2010. The FDEP has initiated the rule development process, but until the final rules are developed, the impact on Tampa Electric and its customers cannot be determined. However, if the final rules result in increased costs to
Tampa Electric, or further changes in customer usage patterns in response to higher rates, Tampa Electric’s operating results could be adversely affected. 

A mandatory RPS could add to Tampa Electric’s costs and adversely affect its operating results. 

In connection with the executive orders signed by the Governor of Florida in July 2007, the FPSC was tasked with evaluating a renewable portfolio target. The FPSC has made a recommendation to the Florida
legislature that the RPS percentage be 7% by Jan. 1, 2013, 12% by Jan. 1, 2016, 18% by Jan. 1, 2019 and 20% by Jan. 1, 2021. The FPSC recommendation is subject to ratification by the Florida legislature. In addition, there is proposed legislation in
the U.S. Congress to introduce a renewable energy portfolio standard at the federal level. It remains unclear, however, if or when action on such legislation would be completed. Tampa Electric could incur significant costs to comply with a renewable
energy portfolio standard, as proposed. Tampa Electric’s operating results could be adversely affected if Tampa Electric were not permitted to recover these costs from customers, or if customers change usage patterns in response to increased
rates. 

Tampa Electric, the State of Florida and the nation as a whole are increasingly dependent on natural gas to
generate electricity. There may not be adequate infrastructure to deliver adequate quantities of natural gas to meet the expected future demand and the expected higher demand for natural gas may lead to increasing costs for the commodity.

The deferral of Tampa Electric’s IGCC unit and the cancellation of numerous proposed coal-fired generating stations
in Florida and across the United States in response to GHG emissions concerns is expected to lead to an increasing reliance on natural gas-fired generation to meet the growing demand for electricity. Currently there is an adequate supply and
infrastructure to meet

19 

Table of Contents

demand for natural gas in Florida and nationally. There is, however, uncertainty regarding whether the available supply of both domestic and imported natural gas and the existing infrastructure
to transport the natural gas into and within Florida are adequate to meet the projected increased demand. 

If supplies are
inadequate or if significant new investment is required to install the pipelines necessary to transport the gas, the cost of natural gas could rise. Currently Tampa Electric and PGS are allowed to pass the cost for the commodity gas and
transportation services through to the customer without profit. Changes in regulations could reduce earnings for Tampa Electric and PGS if they required Tampa Electric and PGS to bear a portion of the increased cost. In addition, increased costs to
customers could result in lower sales. 

Our businesses are sensitive to variations in weather, the effects of extreme
weather and have seasonal variations. 

Our businesses are sensitive to variations in weather and the effects of extreme
weather, and have seasonal variations. Climate change could lead to weather conditions other than what we routinely experience today. 

Most of our businesses are affected by variations in general weather conditions and unusually severe weather, which are risks we face today. Tampa Electric’s and PGS’ energy sales are particularly sensitive to variations in
weather conditions. Those companies forecast energy sales on the basis of normal weather, which represents a long-term historical average. If climate change, or other factors, cause significant variations from normal weather it could have a material
impact on energy sales. Extreme weather conditions, such as hurricanes, can be destructive, causing outages and property damage that require the company to incur additional expenses. If warmer temperatures lead to changes in extreme weather events
(increased frequency, duration and severity), these expenses could be greater. The speculative nature of such changes, however, and the long period of time over which any potential changes might be expected to take place make estimating the physical
risks difficult. 

PGS, which has a typically short but significant winter peak period that is dependent on cold weather, is
more weather-sensitive than Tampa Electric, which has both summer and winter peak periods. Mild winter weather in Florida can be expected to negatively impact results at PGS. 

Variations in weather conditions also affect the demand and prices for the commodities sold by TECO Coal. Severe weather conditions could
interrupt or slow coal production or rail transportation and increase operating costs. 

The State of Florida is exposed to
extreme weather, including hurricanes, which can cause damage to our facilities and affect our ability to serve customers. 

As a company with electric service and natural gas operations in peninsular Florida, the company has substantial experience operating in areas prone to extreme weather events, such as hurricanes. The company has storm preparations and
recovery plans in its operations that are routinely assessed and improved based upon experience during drills and events and planning with critical partners. Tampa Electric and PGS host meetings with state and local emergency management agencies to
refine communications and restoration plans and consult with similarly situated utilities in preparing for restoration following extreme weather events. 

In addition to the design of its facilities and its storm recovery plans, the company continuously monitors and assesses the physical risks associated with severe weather conditions and adjusts its
planning to reflect the results of that assessment. While Tampa Electric and PGS have historically been granted regulatory approval to recover or defer the majority of significant storm costs incurred, storm cost recovery petitions may not always be
granted or may not be granted in a timely manner. If costs associated with future severe weather events cannot be recovered in a timely manner, or in an amount sufficient to cover actual costs, the financial condition and results of operations of
the affected company could be materially and adversely impacted. 

Commodity price changes may affect the operating costs
and competitive positions of our businesses. 

Most of our businesses are sensitive to changes in coal, gas, oil and other
commodity prices. Any changes could affect the prices these businesses charge, their operating costs and the competitive position of their products and services. 

In the case of Tampa Electric, fuel costs used for generation are affected primarily by the cost of coal and natural gas. Tampa Electric is able to recover prudently incurred costs of fuel through retail
customers’ bills, but increases in fuel costs affect electric prices and, therefore, the competitive position of electricity against other energy sources. 

The ability to make sales and the margins earned on wholesale power sales are affected by the cost of fuel to Tampa Electric, particularly as it compares to the costs of other power producers. 

In the case of PGS, costs for purchased gas and pipeline capacity are recovered through retail customers’ bills, but increases in
gas costs affect total retail prices, and therefore, the competitive position of PGS relative to electricity, other forms of energy and other gas suppliers. 

20 

Table of Contents

In the case of TECO Coal, the selling price of coal may cause it to either decrease or
increase production. If production is decreased, there may be costs associated with idling facilities or write-offs of reserves that are no longer economic. 

In the case of TECO Guatemala, the dispatch price for some of the diesel generating resources in Guatemala, which use residual oil, have, at times been above or below, the average price of coal used by
the San José Power Station due to prices for crude oil. Depending on the price of residual oil, generation from the San José Power Station for spot sales would rise or fall with oil prices, thus increasing or reducing non-fuel energy
sales revenues and net income. 

Changes in customer energy usage patterns and the impact of the housing market slowdown may
affect sales at our utility companies. 

Tampa Electric’s weather-normalized residential per customer usage declined
again in 2009, following a decline in 2008. It is now apparent that some of the robust residential customer growth in the 2005 through mid-2007 period, which was measured by new meter installations, was actually vacant residences with minimal energy
usage. The average number of residential customers with minimal usage, which can be affected by weather, was approximately 8% in 2009 and in 2008. 

In general, energy usage per residential customer at both Tampa Electric and PGS has declined over the last three years. We believe that this was in response to weather patterns especially in the spring
and fall, voluntary conservation in response to the economic conditions, increased appliance efficiency, and increased residential vacancies as a result of increasing foreclosures amid the economic slowdown. 

The utilities’ forecasts are based on normal weather patterns and historical trends in customer energy use patterns. Tampa
Electric’s and PGS’ ability to increase energy sales and earnings could be negatively impacted if energy prices increase in general and customers continue to use less energy in response to economic conditions. 

The federal government has injected considerable liquidity into the financial system and supported the housing market through mortgage
purchases and tax credits for qualified home buyers. These programs are scheduled to expire at various times in 2010. Our customer and energy sales growth could be negatively impacted by the withdrawal of this financial support. 

Our forecast for results in 2010 assumes no customer growth and a slight decrease in energy sales growth, driven primarily by the weak
economy. If the housing and new home construction markets contract further following the expiration of the various federal support programs our financial results could be negatively impacted. 

We rely on some transmission and distribution assets that we do not own or control to deliver wholesale electricity, as well as natural
gas. If transmission is disrupted, or if capacity is inadequate, our ability to sell and deliver electricity and natural gas may be hindered. 

We depend on transmission and distribution facilities owned and operated by other utilities and energy companies to deliver the electricity and natural gas we sell to the wholesale and retail markets, as
well as the natural gas we purchase for use in our electric generation facilities. If transmission is disrupted, or if capacity is inadequate, our ability to sell and deliver products and satisfy our contractual and service obligations may be
hindered. 

The FERC has issued regulations that require wholesale electric transmission services to be offered on an
open-access, non-discriminatory basis. Although these regulations are designed to encourage competition in wholesale market transactions for electricity, there is the potential that fair and equal access to transmission systems will not be available
or that sufficient transmission capacity will not be available to transmit electric power as we desire. We cannot predict the timing of industry changes as a result of these initiatives or the adequacy of transmission facilities. Likewise,
unexpected interruption in upstream natural gas supply or transmission could affect our ability to generate power or deliver natural gas to local distribution customers. 

We may be unable to take advantage of our existing tax credits and deferred tax benefits. 

We have generated significant tax credits and deferred tax assets that are being carried over to future periods to reduce future cash payments for income tax. Our ability to utilize the carry-over credits
and deferred tax assets is dependent upon sufficient generation of future taxable income, including foreign source income and capital gains. These tax credit carryforwards are subject to expiration periods of varying durations (see Note 4 to
the 
TECO Energy Consolidated Financial Statements) 

Our financial results could be reduced if certain proposed
revisions to the U.S. tax code related to foreign earnings are implemented. 

The administration has announced initiatives
that could substantially reduce our ability to defer U.S. income taxes. These proposals include repealing the deferral of U.S. taxation of foreign earnings; eliminating utilization of, or substantially reducing our ability to claim, foreign tax
credits; and eliminating certain tax deductions until foreign earnings are repatriated to the U.S. 

21 

Table of Contents

The current 2010-2011 federal budget, as proposed, includes the elimination of the
percentage depletion tax deduction for coal mines and other hard mineral fossil fuels. 

If the percentage depletion tax
deduction is eliminated for TECO Coal, the effective tax rate for that company would rise from the expected 20% to 25% to the general corporate tax rate of 37%, which would have an adverse effect on TECO Coal’s financial results after 2010.

Impairment testing of certain long-lived assets and goodwill could result in impairment charges. 

We test our long-lived assets and goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently if certain triggering events occur. Should the current
carrying values of any of these assets not be recoverable, we would incur charges to write down the assets to fair market value. In the normal course of business, TECO Guatemala evaluated its $146.7 million investment in DECA II, including
associated goodwill, at Dec. 31, 2009 and determined that the value was not impaired. However, the outcome of the ongoing efforts and a potential arbitration under a DR-CAFTA claim is uncertain, and could impact this determination in the future. See
the TECO Guatemala section of 
Management’s Discussion & Analysis for additional discussion of the DR-CAFTA claim. 

Problems with operations could cause us to incur substantial costs. 

Each
of our subsidiaries is subject to various operational risks, including accidents, or equipment failures and operations below expected levels of performance or efficiency. As operators of power generation facilities, our subsidiaries could incur
problems such as the breakdown or failure of power generation equipment, transmission lines, pipelines or other equipment or processes that would result in performance below assumed levels of output or efficiency. Our outlook assumes normal
operations and normal maintenance periods for our operating companies’ facilities. 

Our computer systems and Tampa
Electric’s infrastructure may be subject to cyber (primarily electronic or internet based) attack, which could disrupt operations, cause loss of important data or compromise customer, employee-related or other critical information or systems.

There have been an increasing number of cyber attacks on companies around the world, which have caused operational
failures or compromised sensitive corporate or customer data. These attacks have occurred over the internet, through malware, viruses, or attachments to e-mails or through persons inside of the organization or with persons with access to systems
inside of the organization. 

We have security systems and infrastructure in place to prevent such attacks, and these systems
are subject to internal, external and regulatory audits to ensure adequacy. Despite these efforts, we can not be assured that a cyber attack will not cause electric or gas system operational problems, disruptions of service to customers, or
compromise important data or systems. 

Failure to obtain the permits necessary to open new surface mines could reduce
earnings from our coal company. 

Our coal mining operations are dependent on permits from the U.S. Army Corp of Engineers
(USACE) to open new surface mines necessary to maintain or increase production. For the past several years, new permits issued by the USACE under Section 404 of the Clean Water Act for new surface coal mining operations have been challenged in court
resulting in a backlog of permit applications and very few permits being issued. Our coal company has six permits on the list of permits subject to enhanced review by the U.S. EPA under its memorandum of understanding with the USACE, which was
issued in September 2009. To date, there has been no progress in granting these permits. Failure to obtain the necessary permits to open new surface mines, which are required to maintain and expand production, could reduce production, cause higher
mining costs, or require purchasing coal at prices above our cost of production to fulfill contract requirements, which would reduce the earnings expected from our coal company. 

Our international projects are subject to risks that could result in losses or increased costs. 

Our projects in Guatemala involve numerous risks that are not present in domestic projects, including expropriation, political instability,
currency exchange rate fluctuations, repatriation restrictions, and regulatory and legal uncertainties. TECO Guatemala attempts to manage these risks through a variety of risk mitigation measures, including specific contractual provisions, obtaining
non-recourse financing and obtaining political risk insurance where appropriate. 

Guatemala, similar to many countries, has
been experiencing higher electricity prices. As a result, TECO Guatemala’s operations are exposed to increased risks as the country’s government and regulatory authorities seek ways to reduce the cost of energy to its consumers.

22 

Table of Contents

The purchased power agreement between the Alborada Power Station in Guatemala and EEGSA
is scheduled to expire in September 2010. If the contract is not renewed the financial results from TECO Guatemala would be reduced. 

In 2001, EEGSA granted TECO Guatemala an option to extend the Alborada power sales contract, which is scheduled to expire in September 2010, for five years at the end of the contract period. The tariff to
pass through cost associated with the contract was approved by the Guatemalan regulators at that time. The current Guatemalan regulators have objected to the extension citing modifications to regulations passed in 2007. TECO Guatemala is currently
in talks with the Guatemalan government to extend this contract. If the contract is not renewed, the net income from the plant would be reduced or eliminated and an impairment charge could be taken. 

If efforts to have the July 2008 value added distribution tariff (VAD) decision at EEGSA recalculated or revised are unsuccessful,
earnings and cash flow from that company would be at risk as long as the current lower VAD remains in place. 

In January
2009, our subsidiary, TECO Guatemala Holdings, LLC, delivered a Notice of Intent to the Guatemalan government indicating its intent to file an arbitration claim against the Republic of Guatemala under the Dominican-Republic-Central America-United
States Free Trade Agreement (DR-CAFTA). The required 90-day waiting period has passed and TECO Guatemala now has the ability to file a claim under DR-CAFTA when it deems it is appropriate. In 2009 TECO Guatemala attempted to resolve the dispute
amicably through consultation or negotiation and through the Guatemalan legal system, without success. If these efforts continue to be unsuccessful, EEGSA’s earnings contribution to TECO Guatemala, estimated to be a minimum of $10 million
annually, could be at risk as long as the lower VAD remains in effect. 

Potential competitive changes may adversely affect
our regulated electric and gas businesses. 

The U.S. electric power industry has been undergoing restructuring. Competition
in wholesale power sales has been introduced on a national level. Some states have mandated or encouraged competition at the retail level and, in some situations, required divestiture of generating assets. While there is active wholesale competition
in Florida, the retail electric business has remained substantially free from direct competition. Although not expected in the foreseeable future, changes in the competitive environment occasioned by legislation, regulation, market conditions or
initiatives of other electric power providers, particularly with respect to retail competition, could adversely affect Tampa Electric’s business and its expected performance. 

The gas distribution industry has been subject to competitive forces for several years. Gas services provided by PGS are now unbundled for
all non-residential customers. Because PGS earns margins on distribution of gas but not on the commodity itself, unbundling has not negatively impacted PGS’ results. However, future structural changes that we cannot predict could adversely
affect PGS. 

We are a party from time to time to legal proceedings that may result in a material adverse effect on our
financial condition. 

From time to time, we are a party to, or otherwise involved in, lawsuits, claims, proceedings,
investigations and other legal matters that could adversely affect our financial results. 

Financing Risks 

Financial market conditions could limit our access to capital and increase our costs of borrowing or have other adverse effects on our
results. 

The financial market conditions that were experienced in 2008 and early 2009 impacted access to both the
short-and long-term capital markets and the cost of such capital. We have debt maturities, beginning in 2010, which will require refinancing. Future capital market conditions could limit our ability to raise the capital we need, and could increase
our interest costs which could reduce earnings. 

We enter into derivative transactions with counterparties, most of which are
financial institutions, to hedge our exposure to commodity price changes. Although we believe we have appropriate credit policies in place to manage the non-performance risk associated with these transactions, the recent turmoil in the financial
markets could lead to a sudden decline in credit quality among these counterparties. If such a decline occurs for a counterparty with which we have an in-the-money position, we could be unable to collect from such counterparty. 

Despite the strong financial market recovery in 2009, declines in the financial markets or in interest rates used to determine benefit
obligations could increase our pension expense or the required cash contributions to maintain required levels of funding for our plan. 

The value of our pension fund assets were negatively impacted by unfavorable market conditions in 2008. At Jan. 1, 2009 our plan was more than 100% funded under calculation requirements of the Pension
Protection Act (PPA). However, as a result of the

23 

Table of Contents

continued low interest rate environment, our funded percentage is expected to be approximately 90% as of the Jan. 1, 2010 PPA measurement date. This will increase our required contributions to
the plan beginning in 2010. Any future declines in the financial markets or a continued low-interest rate environment could increase the amount of contributions required to fund our plan in the future. 

We estimate that pension expense in 2010 will be higher than in 2009, due in large part to the lower interest rate environment (lower
discount rates used to measure our Plan’s benefit obligations). Any future declines in the financial markets or a continuation of the low interest rate environment could cause pension expense to increase in future years. 

We have substantial indebtedness, which could adversely affect our financial condition and financial flexibility. 

We have significant indebtedness, which has resulted in fixed charges we are obligated to pay. The level of our indebtedness and restrictive
covenants contained in our debt obligations could limit our ability to obtain additional financing. 

TECO Energy, TECO Finance
and Tampa Electric Company must meet certain financial tests as defined in the applicable agreements to use their respective credit facilities. Also, TECO Energy, TECO Finance, Tampa Electric Company and other operating companies, have certain
restrictive covenants in specific agreements and debt instruments. The restrictive covenants of our subsidiaries could limit their ability to make distributions to us, which would further limit our liquidity. See the Credit Facilities section
and
 Significant Financial Covenants table in the
 Liquidity, Capital Resources sections of MD&A for descriptions of these tests and covenants. 

As of Dec. 31, 2009, we were in compliance with required financial covenants, but we cannot be assured that we will be in compliance with these financial covenants in the future. Our failure to comply
with any of these covenants or to meet our payment obligations could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of other outstanding debt obligations. We may not have sufficient working capital or
liquidity to satisfy our debt obligations in the event of an acceleration of all or a portion of our outstanding obligations. 

We also incur obligations in connection with the operations of our subsidiaries and affiliates that do not appear on our balance sheet. These obligations take the form of guarantees, letters of credit and contractual commitments, as
described under Off-Balance Sheet Debt and
 Liquidity, Capital Resources sections of the MD&A. 

Our
financial condition and results could be adversely affected if our capital expenditures are greater than forecast. 

We are
forecasting lower levels of capital expenditures, primarily at Tampa Electric, for compliance with our environmental consent decree, to support the current levels of slower customer growth, to comply with the design changes mandated by the FPSC to
harden transmission and distribution facilities against hurricane damage, to maintain transmission and distribution system reliability, and to maintain coal-fired generating unit reliability and efficiency. 

If we are unable to maintain capital expenditures at the forecasted levels, we may need to draw on credit facilities or access the capital
markets on unfavorable terms. We cannot be sure that we will be able to obtain additional financing, in which case our financial position, earnings and credit ratings could be adversely affected. 

Our financial condition and ability to access capital may be materially adversely affected by ratings downgrades, and we cannot be
assured of any rating improvements in the future. 

Our senior unsecured debt is rated as investment grade by Standard &
Poor’s (S&P) at BBB- with a stable outlook, by Moody’s Investor’s Services (Moody’s) at Baa3 with a stable outlook, and by Fitch Ratings (Fitch) at BBB- with a stable outlook. The senior unsecured debt of Tampa Electric
Company is rated by S&P at BBB with a stable outlook, by Moody’s at Baa1 with a stable outlook and by Fitch at BBB+ with a stable outlook. Any downgrades by the rating agencies may affect our ability to borrow, may change requirements for
future collateral or margin postings, and may increase our financing costs, which may decrease our earnings. We also may experience greater interest expense than we may have otherwise if, in future periods, we replace maturing debt with new debt
bearing higher interest rates due to any such downgrades. In addition, downgrades could adversely affect our relationships with customers and counterparties. 

At current ratings, Tampa Electric and PGS are able to purchase electricity and gas without providing collateral. If the ratings of Tampa Electric Company decline to below investment grade, Tampa Electric
and PGS could be required to post collateral to support their purchases of electricity and gas. 

Because we are a holding
company, we are dependent on cash flow from our subsidiaries, which may not be available in the amounts and at the times we need it. 

We are a holding company and are dependent on cash flow from our subsidiaries to meet our cash requirements that are not satisfied from external funding sources. Some of our subsidiaries have indebtedness
containing restrictive covenants which, if violated, would prevent them from making cash distributions to us. In particular, certain long-term debt at PGS prohibits payment

24 

Table of Contents

of dividends to us if Tampa Electric Company’s consolidated shareholders’ equity is lower than $500 million. At Dec. 31, 2009, Tampa Electric Company’s consolidated
shareholders’ equity was approximately $2.1 billion. Also, our wholly owned subsidiary, TECO Diversified, Inc., the holding company for TECO Coal, has a guarantee related to a coal supply agreement that could limit the payment of dividends by
TECO Diversified to us (see the TECO Energy Significant Financial Covenants table in the
 Liquidity, Capital Resources sections of MD&A). 

Various factors could affect our ability to sustain our dividend. 

Our
ability to pay a dividend, or sustain it at current levels, could be affected by such factors as the level of our earnings and therefore our dividend payout ratio, and pressures on our liquidity, including unplanned debt repayments, unexpected
capital spending and shortfalls in operating cash flow. These are in addition to any restrictions on dividends from our subsidiaries to us discussed above. 

We are vulnerable to interest rate changes and may not have access to capital at favorable rates, if at all. 

A portion of our debt bears interest at variable rates. Increases in interest rates, therefore, may require a greater portion of our cash flow to be used to pay interest. In addition, changes in interest
rates and capital markets generally affect our cost of borrowing and access to these markets.