. 

General Business and Operational Risks 

General economic conditions may adversely affect
our businesses. 

Our businesses are affected by general economic conditions. In particular, growth in Tampa Electric’s
service area and in Florida is important to the realization of annual energy sales growth for Tampa Electric and PGS. A failure of market conditions and the current Florida housing markets to improve could adversely affect Tampa Electric’s or
PGS’ expected performance. Continuation or worsening of the current economic conditions could affect these companies’ ability to collect payments from customers. 

TECO Coal and TECO Guatemala are also affected by general economic conditions in the industries and geographic areas they serve, both nationally and internationally. 

Our electric and gas utilities are highly regulated; changes in regulation or the regulatory environment could reduce revenues or increase costs or
competition. 

Tampa Electric and PGS operate in highly regulated industries. Their retail operations, including the prices
charged, are regulated by the FPSC, and Tampa Electric’s wholesale power sales and transmission services are subject to regulation by the FERC. Changes in regulatory requirements or adverse regulatory actions could have an adverse effect on
Tampa Electric’s or PGS’ financial performance by, for example, reducing revenues, increasing competition or costs, threatening investment recovery or impacting rate structure. 

Our financial results could be adversely affected if the FPSC were to lower the allowed ROE in the next base rate proceedings by Tampa Electric or PGS. 

Tampa Electric and PGS were awarded ROE ranges with mid-points of 11.25% and 10.75% in their respective 2009 base rate proceedings. Recent
decisions by the FPSC in investor owned utility rate cases awarded lower ROEs of 10.5% and 10%. If ROEs were reduced or other elements of the regulatory framework were changed, our financial results could be adversely affected. 

Changes in the environmental laws and regulations affecting our businesses could increase our costs or curtail our activities. 

Our businesses are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities dealing with air, water and other environmental matters.
Changes in compliance requirements or the interpretation by governmental authorities of existing requirements may impose additional costs on us or require us to curtail some of our businesses’ activities. 

Potential new regulations on the disposal and/or storage of coal combustion by-products (CCB) could add to Tampa Electric’s operating costs.

In 2009, in response to a coal ash pond failure at another utility, the EPA announced that it would propose new
regulations regarding CCB handling, storage and disposal. The EPA has proposed two possible new rules related to CCB that could reduce or eliminate the beneficial use of coal combustion by-products, or eliminate the use of ponds for by-product
storage. These proposed new rules could increase Tampa Electric’s operating costs through higher disposal costs. If the EPA eliminates the use of ponds for by-product storage, Tampa Electric would have to invest in dry handling and storage
which could increase costs. 

Federal or state regulation of Green House Gas (GHG) emissions, depending on how they are enacted, could
increase our costs or the costs of our customers or curtail sales. 

Among our companies, Tampa Electric
has the most significant number of stationary sources with air emissions. While GHG emission regulations have been proposed, both at the federal and state level, none have been passed at this time and therefore, costs to reduce GHGs are unknown.
Presently there is no viable technology to remove CO
2

post-combustion from conventional coal-fired units such as Tampa Electric’s Big Bend units. 

Regulation in Florida allows
utility companies to recover from customers prudently incurred costs for compliance with new environmental regulations. Tampa Electric would expect to recover from customers the costs of power plant modifications or other costs required to comply
with new GHG emission regulation. If the regulation allowing cost recovery is changed and the cost of compliance is not recovered through the ECRC, Tampa Electric 

25 

could seek to recover those costs through a base-rate proceeding, but we cannot predict whether the FPSC would grant such recovery. 

In the case of TECO Coal, the use of coal to generate electricity is considered a significant source of GHG emissions. New regulations,
depending on final form, could cause the consumption of coal to decrease or the cost of sales to increase, which could negatively impact TECO Coal’s earnings. 

The significant, phased reductions in GHG emissions called for by the Executive Orders signed by the former Governor of Florida in 2007 could add to Tampa Electric’s costs and adversely affect its
operating results. 

The former Governor of Florida signed three Executive Orders in July 2007 aimed at reducing
Florida’s emissions of GHG. The three orders include directives for reducing GHG emissions by electric utilities to 2000 levels by 2017, to 1990 levels by 2025, and by 80 percent of 1990 levels by 2050. 

Also in 2008, the state legislature passed broad energy and climate legislation. However, since that time, the process at the state level
has slowed and is likely to be pushed out since the issue has become increasingly active at the federal level. It is unclear if the new Governor of Florida supports the reduction of GHG to the same degree as the former Governor. 

However, if Florida does pass final GHG reduction rules that result in increased costs to Tampa Electric its operating results could be
adversely affected. 

A mandatory RPS could add to Tampa Electric’s costs and adversely affect its operating results. 

In connection with the Executive Orders signed by the former Governor of Florida in July 2007, the FPSC was tasked with evaluating a RPS.
The FPSC has made a recommendation to the Florida legislature that the RPS percentage be 7% by Jan. 1, 2013, 12% by Jan. 1, 2016, 18% by Jan. 1, 2019 and 20% by Jan. 1, 2021. The FPSC recommendation is subject to ratification by the Florida
legislature, but to date the legislature has not adopted the FPSC’s recommendation. In addition, there is the potential that legislation could be proposed in the U.S. Congress to introduce an RPS at the federal level. It remains unclear,
however, if or when action on such legislation would be completed. Tampa Electric could incur significant costs to comply with an RPS, as proposed. Tampa Electric’s operating results could be adversely affected if Tampa Electric were not
permitted to recover these costs from customers. 

Tampa Electric, the State of Florida and the nation as a whole are increasingly dependent
on natural gas to generate electricity. There may not be adequate infrastructure to deliver adequate quantities of natural gas to meet the expected future demand and the expected higher demand for natural gas may lead to increasing costs for the
commodity. 

The deferral of Tampa Electric’s integrated gasification combined cycle (IGCC) unit and the cancellation
of numerous proposed coal-fired generating stations in Florida and across the United States in response to GHG emissions concerns is expected to lead to an increasing reliance on natural gas-fired generation to meet the growing demand for
electricity. Currently, there is an adequate supply and infrastructure to meet demand for natural gas in Florida and nationally. However, if in the future, supplies are inadequate or if significant new investment is required to install the pipelines
necessary to transport the gas, the cost of natural gas could rise. Currently, Tampa Electric and PGS are allowed to pass the cost for the commodity gas and transportation services through to the customer without profit. Changes in regulations could
reduce earnings for Tampa Electric and PGS if they required Tampa Electric and PGS to bear a portion of the increased cost. In addition, increased costs to customers could result in lower sales. 

Our businesses are sensitive to variations in weather, the effects of extreme weather and have seasonal variations. 

Our businesses are sensitive to variations in weather and the effects of extreme weather, and have seasonal variations. Climate change
could lead to weather conditions other than what we routinely experience today. 

Most of our businesses are affected by
variations in general weather conditions and unusually severe weather, which are risks we already face. Tampa Electric’s and PGS’ energy sales are particularly sensitive to variations in weather conditions. Those companies forecast energy
sales on the basis of normal weather, which represents a long-term historical average. If climate change, or other factors, cause significant variations from normal weather it could have a material impact on energy sales. Extreme weather conditions,
such as hurricanes, can be destructive, causing outages and property damage that require the company to incur additional expenses. If warmer temperatures lead to changes in extreme weather events (increased frequency, duration and severity), these

26 

expenses could be greater. The speculative nature of such changes, however, and the long period of time over which any potential changes might be expected to take place, make estimating the
physical risks difficult. 

PGS, which has a typically short but significant winter peak period that is dependent on cold
weather, is more weather-sensitive than Tampa Electric, which has both summer and winter peak periods. Mild winter weather in Florida can be expected to negatively impact results at PGS. 

Variations in weather conditions also affect the demand and prices for the commodities sold by TECO Coal. Severe weather conditions could
interrupt or slow coal production or rail transportation and increase operating costs. 

The State of Florida is exposed to extreme weather,
including hurricanes, which can cause damage to our facilities and affect our ability to serve customers. 

As a company
with electric service and natural gas operations in peninsular Florida, the company has substantial experience operating in areas prone to extreme weather events, such as hurricanes. The company has storm preparations and recovery plans in its
operations that are routinely assessed and improved based upon experience during drills and events and planning with critical partners. Tampa Electric and PGS host meetings with state and local emergency management agencies to refine communications
and restoration plans and consult with similarly situated utilities in preparing for restoration following extreme weather events. In addition to the design of its facilities and its storm recovery plans, the company continuously monitors and
assesses the physical risks associated with severe weather conditions and adjusts its planning to reflect the results of that assessment.

While the company has storm preparation and recovery plans in place, and Tampa Electric and PGS have historically been granted regulatory approval to recover or defer the majority of significant storm
costs incurred, extreme weather still poses risks to our operations and storm cost recovery petitions may not always be granted or may not be granted in a timely manner. If costs associated with future severe weather events cannot be recovered in a
timely manner, or in an amount sufficient to cover actual costs, the financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 

Commodity price changes may affect the operating costs and competitive positions of our businesses. 

Most of our businesses are sensitive to changes in coal, gas, oil and other commodity prices. Any changes could affect the prices these
businesses charge, their operating costs and the competitive position of their products and services. 

In the case of Tampa
Electric, fuel costs used for generation are affected primarily by the cost of coal and natural gas. Tampa Electric is able to recover prudently incurred costs of fuel through retail customers’ bills, but increases in fuel costs affect electric
prices, and therefore, the competitive position of electricity against other energy sources. 

The ability to make sales and
the margins earned on wholesale power sales are affected by the cost of fuel to Tampa Electric, particularly as it compares to the costs of other power producers. 

In the case of PGS, costs for purchased gas and pipeline capacity are recovered through retail customers’ bills, but increases in gas costs affect total retail prices, and therefore, the competitive
position of PGS relative to electricity, other forms of energy and other gas suppliers. 

In the case of TECO Coal, the selling
price of coal affects the margins TECO Coal realizes on its sales, and may cause it to either decrease or increase production. If production is decreased, there may be costs associated with idling facilities or write-offs of reserves that are no
longer economic. 

In the case of TECO Guatemala, the dispatch price for some of the diesel generating resources in Guatemala,
which use residual oil, have, at times, been above or below the average price of coal used by the San José Power Station due to prices for crude oil. Depending on the price of residual oil, generation from the San José Power Station
for spot sales would rise or fall with oil prices, thus increasing or reducing non-fuel energy sales revenues and net income. 

Changes in
customer energy usage patterns, the impact of the Florida housing market, and the cost of complying with potential new environmental regulations, may affect sales at our utility companies. 

Tampa Electric’s weather-normalized residential per customer usage declined in 2010, 2009 and 2008. We believe that mild weather
patterns especially in the spring and fall, voluntary conservation in response to the 

27 

economic conditions, increased appliance efficiency, and increased residential vacancies as a result of higher foreclosures contributed to the declining per customer usage. 

The utilities’ forecasts are based on normal weather patterns and historical trends in customer energy use patterns. Tampa
Electric’s and PGS’ ability to increase energy sales and earnings could be negatively impacted if customers continue to use less energy in response to economic conditions or other factors. 

Compliance with proposed GHG emissions reductions, a mandatory RPS or other new regulation could raise Tampa Electric’s cost. While
current regulation allows Tampa Electric to recover the cost of new environmental regulation through the ECRC, increased costs for electricity may cause customers to change usage patterns, which would impact Tampa Electric’s sales. 

We rely on some transmission and distribution assets that we do not own or control to deliver wholesale electricity, as well as natural gas. If
transmission is disrupted, or if capacity is inadequate, our ability to sell and deliver electricity and natural gas may be hindered. 

We depend on transmission and distribution facilities owned and operated by other utilities and energy companies to deliver the electricity and natural gas we sell to the wholesale and retail markets, as
well as the natural gas we purchase for use in our electric generation facilities. If transmission is disrupted, or if capacity is inadequate, our ability to sell and deliver products and satisfy our contractual and service obligations may be
hindered. 

The FERC has issued regulations that require wholesale electric transmission services to be offered on an
open-access, non-discriminatory basis. Although these regulations are designed to encourage competition in wholesale market transactions for electricity, there is the potential that fair and equal access to transmission systems will not be available
or that sufficient transmission capacity will not be available to transmit electric power as we desire. We cannot predict the timing of industry changes as a result of these initiatives or the adequacy of transmission facilities. Likewise,
unexpected interruption in upstream natural gas supply or transmission could affect our ability to generate power or deliver natural gas to local distribution customers. 

We may be unable to take advantage of our existing tax credits and deferred tax benefits. 

We have generated significant tax credits and deferred tax assets that are being carried over to future periods to reduce future cash payments for income tax. Our ability to utilize the carry-over credits
and deferred tax assets is dependent upon sufficient generation of future taxable income including foreign source income and capital gains. These tax credit carryforwards are subject to expiration periods of varying durations (see Note 4 to
the 
TECO Energy Consolidated Financial Statements). 

The current 2011-2012 federal budget, as proposed, includes the elimination of
the percentage depletion tax deduction for coal mines and other hard mineral fossil fuels. 

If the percentage depletion tax
deduction is eliminated for TECO Coal, the effective tax rate for that company would rise from the expected 20% to 25% to the general corporate tax rate of 37%, which would have an adverse effect on TECO Coal’s financial results after 2011.

Impairment testing of certain long-lived assets and goodwill could result in impairment charges. 

We test our long-lived assets and goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently if certain triggering events occur. Should the
current carrying values of any of these assets not be recoverable, we would incur charges to write down the assets to fair market value. 

Problems with operations could cause us to incur substantial costs. 

Each of our subsidiaries is subject to various operational risks, including accidents, equipment failures, and operations below expected levels of performance or efficiency. As operators of power
generation facilities, our subsidiaries could incur problems such as the breakdown or failure of power generation equipment, transmission lines, pipelines or other equipment or processes that would result in performance below assumed levels of
output or efficiency. Our outlook assumes normal operations and normal maintenance periods for our operating companies’ facilities. 

In January 2011, the EPA retracted a valid surface mining permit issued in 2007 to another coal mining company. 

While the EPA has not taken this type of action on a routine basis, this action by the EPA creates additional

28 

uncertainty related to the ability to use surface mining techniques to mine coal, which could reduce the earnings expected from our coal company. 

Failure to obtain the permits necessary to open new surface mines could reduce earnings from our coal company. 

Our coal mining operations are dependent on permits from the U.S. Army Corp of Engineers (USACE) to open new surface mines necessary to
maintain or increase production. For the past several years, new permits issued by the USACE under Section 404 of the Clean Water Act for new surface coal mining operations have been challenged in court by various environmental groups resulting
in a backlog of permit applications and very few permits being issued. TECO Coal has four permits on the list of permits subject to enhanced review by the U.S. EPA under its memorandum of understanding with the USACE, which was issued in September
2009. To date, none of these permits have been issued. Failure to obtain the necessary permits to open new surface mines, which are required to maintain and expand production, could reduce production, cause higher mining costs or require purchasing
coal at prices above our cost of production to fulfill contract requirements, which would reduce the earnings expected from our coal company. 

In 2010, the EPA issued new guidelines related to water quality for Central Appalachian coal surface mining operations that would be conditions of new
surface mine permits, which would add significant cost to operations or curtail our surface mining activities. 

In 2010,
the EPA issued new water quality standards for discharges from surface mining operations that would be conditions to the issuance of new permits, and may not be technically possible under most circumstances. Compliance with these conditions is
projected to be very costly. The cost associated with compliance could make affected surface mining operations unprofitable or make the reserves no longer economic to develop. 

Our international projects are subject to risks that could result in losses or increased costs. 

Our projects in Guatemala involve numerous risks that are not present in domestic projects, including expropriation, political instability, currency exchange rate fluctuations, repatriation restrictions
and regulatory and legal uncertainties. TECO Guatemala attempts to manage these risks through a variety of risk mitigation measures, including specific contractual provisions, obtaining non-recourse financing and obtaining political risk insurance
where appropriate. 

Guatemala, similar to many countries, has been experiencing higher electricity prices. As a result, TECO
Guatemala’s operations are exposed to increased risks as the country’s government and regulatory authorities seek ways to reduce the cost of energy to its consumers. 

Potential competitive changes may adversely affect our regulated electric and gas businesses. 

The U.S. electric power industry has been undergoing restructuring. Competition in wholesale power sales has been introduced on a national level. Some states have mandated or encouraged competition at the
retail level and, in some situations, required divestiture of generating assets. While there is active wholesale competition in Florida, the retail electric business has remained substantially free from direct competition. Although not expected in
the foreseeable future, changes in the competitive environment occasioned by legislation, regulation, market conditions or initiatives of other electric power providers, particularly with respect to retail competition, could adversely affect Tampa
Electric’s business and its expected performance. 

The gas distribution industry has been subject to competitive forces
for several years. Gas services provided by PGS are unbundled for all non-residential customers. Because PGS earns margins on distribution of gas but not on the commodity itself, unbundling has not negatively impacted PGS’ results. However,
future structural changes that we cannot predict could adversely affect PGS. 

We are a party from time to time to legal proceedings that
may result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

From time to time, we are a party to, or otherwise
involved in, lawsuits, claims, proceedings, investigations and other legal matters that have arisen in the ordinary course of conducting our business. While the outcome of these lawsuits, claims, proceedings, investigations and other legal matters
which we are a party to, or otherwise involved in, cannot be predicted with certainty, any adverse outcome to lawsuits against us may result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

29 

Financing Risks 

We have substantial indebtedness, which could adversely affect our financial condition and financial flexibility. 

We have significant indebtedness, which has resulted in fixed charges we are obligated to pay. The level of our indebtedness and restrictive covenants contained in our debt obligations could limit our
ability to obtain additional financing. 

TECO Energy, TECO Finance and Tampa Electric Company must meet certain financial
tests as defined in the applicable agreements to use their respective credit facilities. Also, TECO Energy, TECO Finance, Tampa Electric Company and other operating companies have certain restrictive covenants in specific agreements and debt
instruments. The restrictive covenants of our subsidiaries could limit their ability to make distributions to us, which would further limit our liquidity. See the Credit Facilities section and
 Significant Financial Covenants table in
the
 Liquidity, Capital Resources sections of 
Management’s Discussion 
& Analysis for descriptions of these tests and covenants. 

As of Dec. 31, 2010, we were in compliance with required financial covenants, but we cannot be assured that we will be in compliance with these financial covenants in the future. Our failure to comply
with any of these covenants or to meet our payment obligations could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of other outstanding debt obligations. We may not have sufficient working capital or
liquidity to satisfy our debt obligations in the event of an acceleration of all or a portion of our outstanding obligations. 

We also incur obligations in connection with the operations of our subsidiaries and affiliates that do not appear on our balance sheet.
These obligations take the form of guarantees, letters of credit and contractual commitments, as described under Liquidity, Capital Resources sections of the 
Management’s Discussion & Analysis. 

Financial market conditions could limit our access to capital and increase our costs of borrowing or have other adverse effects on our results.

The financial market conditions that were experienced in 2008 and early 2009 impacted access to both the short-and
long-term capital markets and the cost of such capital. In 2010 we were able to access the capital markets on favorable terms to refinance debt and extend maturities. Although we have no significant debt maturities in 2011 Tampa Electric has debt
maturing in 2012 and TECO Finance has debt maturing in 2015, and both have credit facilities expiring in 2012. Future financial market conditions could limit our ability to raise the capital we need, or to renew our credit facilities, and could
increase our interest costs which could reduce earnings. 

We enter into derivative transactions with counterparties, most of
which are financial institutions, to hedge our exposure to commodity price changes. Although we believe we have appropriate credit policies in place to manage the non-performance risk associated with these transactions, turmoil in the financial
markets could lead to a sudden decline in credit quality among these counterparties. If such a decline occurs for a counterparty with which we have an in-the-money position, we could be unable to collect from such counterparty. 

Despite the strong financial market recovery in 2010 and 2009, declines in the financial markets or in interest rates used to determine benefit
obligations could increase our pension expense or the required cash contributions to maintain required levels of funding for our plan. 

The value of our pension fund assets were negatively impacted by unfavorable market conditions in 2008. At Jan. 1, 2010 our plan was 90% funded under calculation requirements of the Pension Protection
Act. However, as a result of the continued low interest rate environment, our funded percentage is expected to be approximately 80% as of the next Pension Protection Act measurement date of Jan. 1, 2011. This will require future contributions to the
plan ranging from $35 - $50 million annually. Any future declines in the financial markets or a continued low-interest rate environment could increase the amount of contributions required to fund our plan in the future. 

We estimate that pension expense in 2011 will be at levels consistent with 2010. Any future declines in the financial markets or a
continuation of the low interest rate environment could cause pension expense to increase in future years. 

Our financial condition and
results could be adversely affected if our capital expenditures are greater than forecast. 

We are forecasting capital
expenditures at Tampa Electric to support the current levels of customer growth, to comply with the design changes mandated by the FPSC to harden transmission and distribution facilities against hurricane damage, to maintain transmission and
distribution system reliability, and to maintain coal-fired generating 

30 

unit reliability and efficiency. 

If we are unable to maintain capital
expenditures at the forecasted levels, we may need to draw on credit facilities or access the capital markets on unfavorable terms. We cannot be sure that we will be able to obtain additional financing, in which case our financial position, earnings
and credit ratings could be adversely affected. 

Our financial condition and ability to access capital may be materially adversely affected
by ratings downgrades, and we cannot be assured of any rating improvements in the future. 

Our senior unsecured debt is
rated as investment grade by Standard & Poor’s (S&P) at BBB- with a stable outlook, by Moody’s Investor’s Services (Moody’s) at Baa3 with a stable outlook, and by Fitch Ratings (Fitch) at BBB- with a positive
outlook. The senior unsecured debt of Tampa Electric Company is rated by S&P at BBB with a stable outlook, by Moody’s at Baa1 with a stable outlook and by Fitch at BBB+ with a positive outlook. Any downgrades by the rating agencies may
affect our ability to borrow, may change requirements for future collateral or margin postings, and may increase our financing costs, which may decrease our earnings. We also may experience greater interest expense than we may have otherwise if, in
future periods, we replace maturing debt with new debt bearing higher interest rates due to any such downgrades. In addition, downgrades could adversely affect our relationships with customers and counterparties. 

At current ratings, Tampa Electric and PGS are able to purchase electricity and gas without providing collateral. If the ratings of Tampa
Electric Company decline to below investment grade, Tampa Electric and PGS could be required to post collateral to support their purchases of electricity and gas. 

Because we are a holding company, we are dependent on cash flow from our subsidiaries, which may not be available in the amounts and at the times we need it. 

We are a holding company and are dependent on cash flow from our subsidiaries to meet our cash requirements that are not satisfied from
external funding sources. Some of our subsidiaries have indebtedness containing restrictive covenants which, if violated, would prevent them from making cash distributions to us. In particular, certain long-term debt at PGS prohibits payment of
dividends to us if Tampa Electric Company’s consolidated shareholders’ equity is lower than $500 million. At Dec. 31, 2010, Tampa Electric Company’s consolidated shareholders’ equity was approximately $2.2 billion. Also, our
wholly-owned subsidiary, TECO Diversified, Inc., the holding company for TECO Coal, has a guarantee related to a coal supply agreement that could limit the payment of dividends by TECO Diversified to us (see the TECO Energy Significant Financial
Covenants table in the
 Liquidity, Capital Resources sections of 
Management’s Discussion & Analysis). 

Various
factors could affect our ability to sustain our dividend. 

Our ability to pay a dividend, or sustain it at current levels,
could be affected by such factors as the level of our earnings and therefore our dividend payout ratio, and pressures on our liquidity, including unplanned debt repayments, unexpected capital spending and shortfalls in operating cash flow. These are
in addition to any restrictions on dividends from our subsidiaries to us discussed above.