. 

General Business and Operational Risks

General economic conditions may adversely affect our businesses. 

Our businesses are affected by general economic conditions. In particular, the projected growth in Tampa Electric’s service area and in Florida is
important to the realization of Tampa Electric’s and PGS’ respective forecasts for annual energy sales growth. An unanticipated downturn or a failure of market conditions to improve, such as the current slowdown in the housing markets, in
the Tampa Electric service areas or in Florida’s economy could adversely affect Tampa Electric’s or PGS’ expected performance. 

TECO Coal and TECO Guatemala are also affected by general economic conditions in the industries and geographic areas they serve, both nationally and internationally. 

Potential competitive changes may adversely affect our regulated electric and gas businesses. 

The
U.S. electric power industry has been undergoing restructuring. Competition in wholesale power sales has been introduced on a national level. Some states have mandated or encouraged competition at the retail level and, in some situations, required
divestiture of generating assets. While there is active wholesale competition in Florida, the retail electric business has remained substantially free from direct competition. Although not expected in the foreseeable future, changes in the
competitive environment occasioned by legislation, regulation, market conditions or initiatives of other electric power providers, particularly with respect to retail competition, could adversely affect Tampa Electric’s business and its
expected performance. 

26 

The gas distribution industry has been subject to competitive forces for several years. Gas services
provided by PGS are now unbundled for all non-residential customers. Because PGS earns margins on distribution of gas but not on the commodity itself, unbundling has not negatively impacted PGS’ results. However, future structural changes that
we cannot predict could adversely affect PGS. 

Our electric and gas businesses are highly regulated, and any changes in regulations or
the regulatory environment could lower revenues or increase costs or competition. 

Tampa Electric and PGS operate in highly regulated
industries. Their retail operations, including the prices charged, are regulated by the FPSC, and Tampa Electric’s wholesale power sales and transmission services are subject to regulation by the FERC. Changes in regulatory requirements or
adverse regulatory actions could have an adverse effect on Tampa Electric’s or PGS’ financial performance by, for example, increasing competition or costs, threatening investment recovery or impacting rate structure. 

PGS is currently earning below the bottom of its allowed ROE range, and Tampa Electric’s earnings may decrease and it may not be able to earn its
allowed return with the current base rates. 

PGS is currently earning below the bottom of its allowed ROE range, and expects to file for
base rate relief in 2008. Tampa Electric’s profitability may decrease and it may not be able to earn within its allowed ROE range under its current base rates due to higher recurring capital spending primarily in the transmission and
distribution areas and generally higher levels of non-fuel operations and maintenance spending, even without the construction of new generating capacity. 

Our financial results could be adversely affected if the base rate proceedings expected by Tampa Electric and PGS do not have the expected outcomes. 

Tampa Electric and PGS expect to seek base rate increases to recover higher levels of non-fuel operations and maintenance spending and the increased level
of capital investments in facilities and infrastructure. While the FPSC has a history of constructive regulation, we cannot predict the outcome of any such regulatory proceeding. If cost recovery is not granted or if the allowed return on equity is
reduced, our financial results could be adversely affected. 

Changes in the environmental laws and regulations affecting our businesses
could increase our costs or curtail our activities. 

Our businesses are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities
dealing with air, water and other environmental matters. Changes in compliance requirements or the interpretation by governmental authorities of existing requirements may impose additional costs on us or require us to curtail some of our
businesses’ activities. 

There is increasing debate and discussion regarding the regulation of GHG, emissions and some states have
already proposed or enacted regulations relating to these emissions, which if enacted could increase our costs or the costs of our customers or curtail sales. 

Among our companies, Tampa Electric has the most significant number of stationary sources with air
emissions. The form of any GHG emission regulation, either federal or state, is unknown at this time and potential costs to reduce GHGs are unknown. Presently there is no viable technology to remove CO
2

 post-combustion from conventional coal-fired units such as Tampa Electric’s Big Bend units. 

Regulation in Florida allows utility companies to recover from customers prudently incurred costs for compliance with new environmental regulations. Tampa Electric would expect to recover from customers the costs of
power plant modifications or other costs required to comply with new GHG emission regulation, but increased costs for electricity may cause customers to change usage patterns, which would impact Tampa 

27 

Electric’s sales. If the regulation allowing cost recovery is changed and the cost of compliance is not recovered through the Environmental Cost
Recovery Clause, Tampa Electric could seek to recover those costs through a base-rate proceeding, but we cannot predict whether the FPSC would grant such recovery. 

In the case of TECO Coal, the use of coal to generate electricity is considered a significant source of greenhouse gas emissions. New regulations, depending on final form, could cause the consumption of coal to
decrease or the cost of sales to increase, which could negatively impact TECO Coal’s earnings. 

The significant, phased reductions
in GHG emissions called for by the executive orders signed by the governor of Florida in 2007 could add to Tampa Electric’s costs and adversely affect its operating results. 

In 2007, the governor of Florida signed three executive orders aimed at reducing GHG in the state. The executive orders call for GHG emissions by the
utility sector in Florida of not greater than 2000 levels by 2017, not greater than 1990 levels by 2025, and not greater than 20% of 1990 levels by 2050. Although we believe Tampa Electric’s repowering of the coal-fired Gannon Station to the
natural gas-fired H. L. Culbreath Bayside Station should position the company well to meet the 2017 target, Tampa Electric is still evaluating whether it will be able to meet the 2025 and 2050 targets. 

The executive orders charge the Florida Department of Environmental Protection (FDEP) with developing detailed rules to implement these emissions limits.
The FDEP has started the rule making process, but it is expected to take an extended period of time to reach completion. Until the final rules are developed, the impact on Tampa Electric and its customers cannot be determined. However, if the final
rules result in increased costs to Tampa Electric, or further changes in customer usage patterns in response to higher rates, Tampa Electric’s operating results could be adversely affected. 

A mandatory renewable energy portfolio standard could add to Tampa Electric’s costs and adversely affect its operating results. 

In connection with the executive orders signed by the Governor of Florida in July 2007, the FPSC was tasked with evaluating a renewable portfolio
target of 20% by 2020. In addition, there is proposed legislation in the U.S. Congress to introduce a renewable energy portfolio standard at the federal level. It remains unclear, however, if or when action on such legislation would be completed.
Tampa Electric could incur significant costs to comply with a renewable energy portfolio standard, as proposed. Tampa Electric’s operating results could be adversely affected if Tampa Electric were not permitted to recover these costs from
customers, or if customers change usage patterns in response to increased rates. 

Tampa Electric, the State of Florida and the nation as
a whole are increasingly dependent on natural gas to generate electricity. There may not be adequate infrastructure to deliver adequate quantities of natural gas to meet the expected future demand and the expected higher demand for natural gas may
lead to increasing costs for the commodity. 

The deferral of Tampa Electric’s IGCC unit and the cancellation of numerous proposed
coal-fired generating stations in Florida and across the United States in response to GHG emissions concerns will lead to an increasing reliance on natural gas-fired generation to meet the growing demand for electricity. Currently there is an
adequate supply and infrastructure to meet demand for natural gas in Florida and nationally. There is, however, uncertainty regarding whether the available supply of both domestic and imported natural gas and the existing infrastructure to transport
the natural gas into and within Florida are adequate to meet the projected increased demand. 

If supplies are inadequate or if significant
new investment is required to install the pipelines necessary to transport the gas, the cost of natural gas could rise. Currently Tampa Electric and PGS are allowed to pass the cost for the commodity gas and transportation services through to the
customer without profit. Changes in regulations could reduce earnings for Tampa Electric and PGS if they required Tampa Electric and PGS to bear a portion of the increased cost. 

28 

Our businesses are sensitive to variations in weather and the effects of extreme weather, and have
seasonal variations. 

Most of our businesses are affected by variations in general weather conditions and unusually severe weather.
Tampa Electric’s and PGS’ energy sales are particularly sensitive to variations in weather conditions. Those companies forecast energy sales on the basis of normal weather, which represents a long-term historical average. Significant
variations from normal weather could have a material impact on energy sales. Unusual weather, such as hurricanes, could adversely affect operating costs and sales and cause damage to our facilities, requiring additional costs to repair. 

PGS, which has a typically short but significant winter peak period that is dependent on cold weather, is more weather-sensitive than Tampa Electric,
which has both summer and winter peak periods. Mild winter weather in Florida can be expected to negatively impact results at PGS. 

Variations in weather conditions also affect the demand and prices for the commodities sold by TECO Coal. Severe weather conditions could interrupt or slow coal production or rail transportation and increase operating costs. 

Commodity price changes may affect the operating costs and competitive positions of our businesses. 

Most of our businesses are sensitive to changes in coal, gas, oil and other commodity prices. Any changes could affect the prices these businesses charge,
their operating costs and the competitive position of their products and services. 

In the case of Tampa Electric, fuel costs used for
generation are affected primarily by the cost of coal and natural gas. Tampa Electric is able to recover prudently incurred costs of fuel through retail customers’ bills, but increases in fuel costs affect electric prices and, therefore, the
competitive position of electricity against other energy sources. 

The ability to make sales and the margins earned on wholesale power
sales are affected by the cost of fuel to Tampa Electric, particularly as it compares to the costs of other power producers. 

In the case
of PGS, costs for purchased gas and pipeline capacity are recovered through retail customers’ bills, but increases in gas costs affect total retail prices, and therefore, the competitive position of PGS relative to electricity, other forms of
energy and other gas suppliers. 

In the case of TECO Coal, the selling price of coal may cause it to either decrease or increase
production. If production is decreased, there may be costs associated with idling facilities or write-offs of reserves that are no longer economic. 

Changes in customer energy usage patterns may affect sales at our utility companies. 

The average energy usage per Tampa
Electric and PGS’ residential customer declined in 2006 and 2007. We believe that this was in response to mild weather, higher energy prices reflected both through the fuel charge on bills and for higher energy prices in general, increased
appliance efficiency, and to changes in residential construction patterns in Tampa Electric’s service area. In addition, the current slowdown in the Florida housing market has increased the number of vacant residences which have active meters
but minimal energy consumption. 

The utilities’ forecasts are based on normal weather patterns and long-term historical trends in
customer energy use patterns. Tampa Electric’s and PGS’ ability to increase energy sales and earnings could be negatively impacted if energy prices increase in general and customers continue to use less energy in response to higher energy
prices. 

29 

The number of new multi-family homes has increased relative to traditional detached single-family homes
in 2006 and 2007. New multi-family residential construction tends to be smaller and more energy efficient than traditional detached residences; therefore, the per-residential customer usage is lower for these residences. The number of multi-family
building permits issued in the Tampa area increased in 2007 compared to detached single-family residences, which indicates that this trend may continue. A higher percentage of multi-family residences may cause a further decline in per-residential
customer usage. 

We rely on some transmission and distribution assets that we do not own or control to deliver wholesale electricity, as
well as natural gas. If transmission is disrupted, or if capacity is inadequate, our ability to sell and deliver electricity and natural gas may be hindered. 

We depend on transmission and distribution facilities owned and operated by other utilities and energy companies to deliver the electricity and natural gas we sell to the wholesale and retail markets, as well as the
natural gas we purchase for use in our electric generation facilities. If transmission is disrupted, or if capacity is inadequate, our ability to sell and deliver products and satisfy our contractual and service obligations may be hindered.

The FERC has issued regulations that require wholesale electric transmission services to be offered on an open-access, non-discriminatory
basis. Although these regulations are designed to encourage competition in wholesale market transactions for electricity, there is the potential that fair and equal access to transmission systems will not be available or that sufficient transmission
capacity will not be available to transmit electric power as we desire. We cannot predict the timing of industry changes as a result of these initiatives or the adequacy of transmission facilities. Likewise, unexpected interruption in upstream
natural gas supply or transmission could affect our ability to generate power or deliver natural gas to local distribution customers. 

We may be unable to take advantage of our existing tax credits and deferred tax benefits. 

We have generated significant tax
credits and deferred tax assets that are being carried over to future periods to reduce future cash payments for income tax. Our ability to utilize the carry-over credits and deferred tax assets is dependent upon sufficient generation of future
taxable income. 

Impairment testing of certain long-lived assets and goodwill could result in impairment charges. 

We test our long-lived assets and goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently if certain triggering events occur. Should the current carrying
values of any of these assets not be recoverable, we would incur charges to write down the assets to fair market value. 

Problems with
operations could cause us to incur substantial costs. 

Each of our subsidiaries is subject to various operational risks, including
accidents, or equipment failures and operations below expected levels of performance or efficiency. As operators of power generation facilities, our subsidiaries could incur problems such as the breakdown or failure of power generation equipment,
transmission lines, pipelines or other equipment or processes that would result in performance below assumed levels of output or efficiency. Our outlook assumes normal operations and normal maintenance periods for our operating companies’
facilities. 

Our international projects are subject to risks that could result in losses or increased costs. 

Our projects in Guatemala involve numerous risks that are not present in domestic projects, including expropriation, political instability, currency
exchange rate fluctuations, repatriation restrictions, and regulatory and legal uncertainties. TECO Guatemala attempts to manage these risks through a variety of risk mitigation measures, including specific contractual provisions, obtaining
non-recourse financing and obtaining political risk insurance where appropriate. 

30 

Guatemala, similar to many countries, has been experiencing increasing fuel and corresponding electricity
prices. As a result, TECO Guatemala’s operations are exposed to increased risks as the country’s government and regulatory authorities seek ways to reduce the cost of energy to its consumers. 

We are a party from time to time to legal proceedings that may result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

From time to time, we are a party to, or otherwise involved in, lawsuits, claims, proceedings, investigations and other legal matters that have arisen in
the ordinary course of conducting our business. While the outcome of these lawsuits, claims, proceedings, investigations and other legal matters which we are a party to, or otherwise involved in, cannot be predicted with certainty, any adverse
outcome to lawsuits against us may result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

Financing Risks 

We have substantial indebtedness, which could adversely affect our financial condition and financial flexibility. 

We have significant indebtedness, which has resulted in fixed charges we are obligated to pay. The level of our indebtedness and restrictive covenants
contained in our debt obligations could limit our ability to obtain additional financing and could prevent the payment of dividends if those payments would cause a violation of the covenants. 

We, TECO Finance and Tampa Electric Company must meet certain financial tests as defined in the applicable agreements to use our and its
respective credit facilities. Also, we, TECO Finance, Tampa Electric
 Company and other operating companies, have certain restrictive covenants in specific agreements and debt instruments. The restrictive covenants of our subsidiaries could
limit their ability to make distributions to us, which would further limit our liquidity. See the
 Credit Facilities section and
 Significant Financial Covenants table in the
 Liquidity, Capital Resources sections of MD&A for
descriptions of these tests and covenants. 

As of Dec. 31, 2007, we were in compliance with required financial covenants, but we
cannot assure you that we will be in compliance with these financial covenants in the future. Our failure to comply with any of these covenants or to meet our payment obligations could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived,
could result in the acceleration of other outstanding debt obligations. We may not have sufficient working capital or liquidity to satisfy our debt obligations in the event of an acceleration of all or a portion of our outstanding obligations.

We also incur obligations in connection with the operations of our subsidiaries and affiliates that do not appear on our balance sheet.
These obligations take the form of guarantees, letters of credit and contractual commitments, as described under Off Balance Sheet Financing and 
Liquidity, Capital Resources sections of the MD&A. 

Our financial condition and results could be adversely affected if our capital expenditures are greater than forecast. 

We are forecasting higher levels of capital expenditures, primarily at Tampa Electric, for compliance with our environmental consent decree, to support
normal customer growth, to comply with the design changes mandated by the FPSC to harden transmission and distribution facilities against hurricane damage, to improve transmission and distribution system reliability, to improve coal-fired generating
unit reliability, and to install peaking combustion turbines to meet peaking capacity needs. Tampa Electric plans to meet its 2013 baseload generating need with a combined cycle natural gas plant with an estimated capital cost of approximately $550
million, excluding AFUDC. 

31 

If we are unable to maintain capital expenditures at the forecasted levels, we may need to draw on credit
facilities or access the capital markets on unfavorable terms. We cannot be sure that we will be able to obtain additional financing, in which case our financial position, earnings and credit ratings could be adversely affected. 

Our financial condition and ability to access capital may be materially adversely affected by ratings downgrades and we cannot be assured of any
rating improvements in the future. 

Our senior unsecured debt is rated as investment grade by Moody’s Investor’s Services
(Moody’s) at Baa3 with a stable outlook, but below investment grade by Standard & Poor’s (S&P) at BB+ with a stable outlook, and by Fitch Ratings (Fitch) at BB+ on Rating Watch Positive. The senior unsecured debt of Tampa
Electric Company is rated by S&P at BBB-with a stable outlook, by Moody’s at Baa2 with a positive outlook and by Fitch at BBB+ and on Rating Watch Positive. Any downgrades by the rating agencies may affect our ability to borrow, may change
requirements for future collateral or margin postings, and may increase our financing costs, which may decrease our earnings. We also may experience greater interest expense than we may have otherwise if, in future periods, we replace maturing debt
with new debt bearing higher interest rates due to any such downgrades. In addition, downgrades could adversely affect our relationships with customers and counterparties. 

At current ratings, Tampa Electric and PGS are able to purchase electricity and gas without providing collateral. If the ratings of Tampa Electric
Company decline to below investment grade, Tampa Electric and PGS could be required to post collateral to support their purchases of electricity and gas. 

Because we are a holding company, we are dependent on cash flow from our subsidiaries, which may not be available in the amounts and at the times we need it. 

We are a holding company and are dependent on cash flow from our subsidiaries to meet our cash requirements that are not satisfied from external funding
sources. Some of our subsidiaries have indebtedness containing restrictive covenants which, if violated, would prevent them from making cash distributions to us. In particular, certain long-term debt at PGS prohibits payment of dividends to us if
Tampa Electric Company’s consolidated shareholders’ equity is lower than $500 million. At Dec. 31, 2007, Tampa Electric Company’s consolidated shareholders’ equity was approximately $1.8 billion. Also, our wholly owned
subsidiary, TECO Diversified, Inc., the holding company for TECO Coal, has a guarantee related to a coal supply agreement that could limit the payment of dividends by TECO Diversified to us (see the Significant Financial Covenants table in
the
 Liquidity, Capital Resources sections of MD&A). 

Various factors could affect our ability to sustain our dividend. 

Our ability to pay a dividend, or sustain it at current levels, could be affected by such factors as the level of our earnings and
therefore our dividend payout ratio, and pressures on our liquidity, including unplanned debt repayments, unexpected capital spending and shortfalls in operating cash flow. These are in addition to any restrictions on dividends from our subsidiaries
to us discussed above. 

We are vulnerable to interest rate changes and may not have access to capital at favorable rates, if at all.

A portion of our debt bears interest at variable rates. Increases in interest rates, therefore, may require a greater portion of our
cash flow to be used to pay interest. In addition, changes in interest rates and capital markets generally affect our cost of borrowing and access to these markets.