. 

TECO Energy’s obligations under the subordinated notes and the guarantee are subordinated. 

TECO Energy’s obligations under
the subordinated notes rank junior in priority of payment to all of its senior debt. In addition, although an event of default under TECO Energy’s senior debt would not necessarily constitute a default under the junior subordinated note
indenture, TECO Energy will not be permitted to make any payments on the subordinated notes: 

•

if it defaults on a payment of senior debt and the default is not cured or waived within the applicable grace period; or 

•

until the senior or subordinated indebtedness is paid in full if the maturity of the indebtedness has been accelerated because of a default. 

The subordinated notes are obligations exclusively of TECO Energy, which, as a holding company, has no material assets other than its ownership of the common stock of
its subsidiaries. Dividends and other distributions from subsidiaries are TECO Energy’s only ongoing source of revenues from which to repay the subordinated notes. Although the default provisions described above do not apply to a default by one
of TECO Energy’s subsidiaries unless the default of its subsidiary causes a default on TECO Energy’s senior debt, a subsidiary may be prohibited from paying dividends or making other distributions to TECO Energy when it is in default. At
December 31, 2005, TECO Energy’s senior debt totaled approximately $1.9 billion, and TECO Energy’s subsidiaries had additional aggregate senior debt of approximately $1.9 billion. 

TECO Energy’s obligations under the guarantee rank subordinate and junior in right of payment to all of its senior debt and all of the debt of its subsidiaries. As
a result, TECO Energy is prohibited from making any payments under the guarantee if it defaults on a payment on any of its senior liabilities. In addition, in the event of the bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution of TECO Energy, its assets would
be available to pay obligations under the guarantee only after it made all payments on its senior liabilities. 

None of the trust preferred securities, the
company preferred securities, the subordinated notes, or the guarantee limit TECO Energy’s ability or the ability of its subsidiaries to incur additional debt, including debt that ranks senior in priority of payment to the subordinated notes
and the guarantee. 

The Trust will pay scheduled distributions on the trust preferred securities only if the Trust receives distributions from the
LLC, which will make cash payments only if it receives cash payments from TECO Energy. 

The ability of the Trust to pay scheduled distributions on
the trust preferred securities, the redemption price of the trust preferred securities and the liquidation amount of each trust preferred security is dependent upon TECO Energy making the related payments to the LLC on the subordinated notes when
due or making payments on the company preferred securities under the related guarantee. 

Accordingly, an evaluation of the risks associated with the
Trust’s ability to pay distributions on the trust preferred securities requires principally an evaluation of the underlying risks associated with TECO Energy’s financial condition and results. The Trust refers you to the risk factors
associated with TECO Energy included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 7, 2006, 

4 

Table of Contents

copies of which may be obtained from the Director of Investor Relations at TECO Energy, Inc., 702 North Franklin Street, Tampa, Florida 33602 or from its
website at www.tecoenergy.com. 

If TECO Energy defaults on its obligations to pay principal or interest to the LLC on the subordinated notes, then
the LLC will not have sufficient funds to pay distributions, the redemption price or the liquidation amount of each company preferred security held by the Trust. If the Trust has not received funds from the LLC, it will be unable to pay
distributions, the redemption price or the liquidation preference of the trust preferred securities held by you. 

Instead you: 

•

may sue TECO Energy directly or seek other remedies to collect your pro rata share of payments owed; or 

•

may rely on the property trustee to enforce the Trust’s rights under the company preferred securities and, indirectly, the subordinated notes. 

Deferral of distributions will have tax consequences for you and may affect the trading price of the trust preferred securities. 

If no event of default under the subordinated notes has occurred and is continuing, TECO Energy can defer the payment of interest on the subordinated notes, on one or
more occasions, but not beyond January 15, 2007. If TECO Energy defers interest payments on the subordinated notes, the LLC will defer distributions on the company preferred securities and the Trust will defer distributions on the trust preferred
securities during any deferral period. However, distributions would still accumulate on each of the company preferred securities and the trust preferred securities and the deferred distributions would themselves accrue interest, compounded
quarterly, at the rate of 5.934% per annum (to the extent permitted by law). 

If TECO Energy defers interest payments on the subordinated notes, you
generally will be required to recognize interest income for United States federal income tax purposes (based on your pro rata share of the Trust’s share of the accrued interest on the subordinated notes held by the LLC) before you receive any
cash relating to that interest. In addition, you will not receive the cash if you sell the trust preferred securities before the end of any deferral period or before the record date relating to distributions which are paid. 

The Trust believes TECO Energy has no current intention of deferring interest payments on the subordinated notes. However, if TECO Energy exercises its right in the
future, the trust preferred securities may trade at a price that does not fully reflect the value of accrued but unpaid interest on the subordinated notes. If you sell your trust preferred securities during an interest deferral period, you may not
receive the same return on investment as someone who continues to hold the trust preferred securities. In addition, the existence of TECO Energy’s right to defer payments of interest on the subordinated notes may mean that the market price for
the trust preferred securities (which ultimately partially represent an undivided beneficial interest in the subordinated notes) may be more volatile than other securities that do not have these rights. 

TECO Energy may dissolve the LLC, or the LLC may direct the Trust to distribute all of its assets, which may result in adverse tax consequences for you.

TECO Energy, as the holder of the company common securities, has the right to dissolve the LLC at any time. Upon such dissolution, the LLC will
liquidate (after satisfaction of any liabilities to 

5 

Table of Contents

creditors of the LLC as provided by applicable law) by distributing the subordinated notes held by it, first, to the holders of the company preferred
securities, including the Trust, until they have received their liquidation preference in full plus accrued but unpaid distributions and, second, to the holders of the company common securities. 

If the LLC is characterized for U.S. federal income tax purposes as an association taxable as a corporation at the time it distributes all of its assets, or if there is
a change in law, the distribution of subordinated notes may be a taxable event to holders of the company preferred securities. Under current U.S. federal income tax law, so long as the LLC is not taxable as a corporation, a distribution of
subordinated notes should not be a taxable event. 

In addition, in the event of certain unfavorable changes in tax law or investment company law described
in the section titled “Description of the Subordinated Notes - Optional Redemption” in the Trust’s prospectus supplement dated October 12, 2004 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 13, 2004, TECO Energy or
the LLC, as the case may be, have the right to direct the property trustee to distribute all assets of the Trust, consisting of company preferred securities or subordinated notes (if the LLC has previously dissolved), to the holders of the trust
preferred securities on a pro rata basis. 

If the Trust is characterized for U.S. federal income tax purposes as an association taxable as a corporation at
the time it distributes all of its assets, or if there is a change in law, the distribution to you of subordinated notes or company preferred securities, as the case may be, may be a taxable event to you. Under current U.S. federal income tax law,
as long as the Trust is not taxable as a corporation, a distribution to you of subordinated notes or company preferred securities should not be a taxable event to you. 

TECO Energy and the LLC will likely exercise these rights if unfavorable changes in tax law or investment company law occur. 

An active trading market for the subordinated notes, if they are distributed to you, may not develop. 

If the subordinated notes are
distributed to the holders of the trust preferred securities upon dissolution of the LLC and the Trust, they will not be listed on any national securities exchange. In addition, the liquidity of any trading market that may develop in the
subordinated notes, and the market price quoted for the subordinated notes, may be adversely affected by changes in the overall market for these securities and by changes in TECO Energy’s financial performance or prospects or in the prospects
of companies in TECO Energy’s industry generally. We cannot predict the extent to which investors’ interest will lead to a liquid trading market or whether the market price of the subordinated notes will be volatile. 

6 

Table of Contents

Your voting rights under the trust preferred securities are limited. 

You are not entitled to appoint, remove, replace or change the number of the trustees of the Trust, and generally have no voting rights, except under limited
circumstances set forth in the Trust Agreement. 

Holders of trust preferred securities will have limited rights under the subordinated notes.

Except as described below, you, as a holder of trust preferred securities, are not able to exercise directly any other rights with respect to the
subordinated notes. 

If an event of default under the limited liability agreement of the LLC were to occur and be continuing, holders of a majority of the
aggregate stated liquidation preference of the trust preferred securities would have the right, by virtue of their beneficial interest in the LLC, to appoint a special representative to enforce the LLC’s rights under the subordinated notes and
indenture. 

The indenture provides that the indenture trustee must give holders of subordinated notes notice of all defaults or events of default within 90
days after occurrence. However, except in the cases of a default or an event of default in payment on the subordinated notes, the indenture trustee will be protected in withholding the notice if its responsible officers determine that withholding of
the notice is in the interest of such holders. 

If the property trustee were to fail to enforce its rights under the subordinated notes in respect of an
indenture event of default after a holder of record of trust preferred securities had made a written request, such holder of record of trust preferred securities may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, institute a legal proceeding against us
to enforce the property trustee’s rights under the subordinated notes. In addition, if TECO Energy were to fail to pay interest or principal on the subordinated notes on the date that interest or principal is otherwise payable, except for
deferrals permitted by the declaration of trust and the indenture, and this failure to pay were continuing, holders of trust preferred securities could directly institute a proceeding for enforcement of payment of the principal of or interest on the
subordinated notes having a principal amount equal to the aggregate stated liquidation amount of their trust preferred securities (a direct action) after the respective due dates specified in the subordinated notes. You may not exercise directly any
other remedy available to holders of subordinated notes. In connection with a direct action, TECO Energy would have the right under the indenture to set off any payment made to that holder by it. 

The LLC, as holder of the subordinated notes, will have only limited rights of acceleration. 

The LLC, as holder of the subordinated notes, may accelerate payment of the principal and accrued and unpaid interest on the subordinated notes only upon the occurrence and continuation of an indenture event of
default. An indenture event of default is generally limited to payment defaults, breaches of specific covenants and specific events of bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization relating to TECO Energy. 

A redemption of the subordinated notes may result in a taxable event to you. 

TECO Energy may redeem the subordinated notes (and thereby cause the redemption of the company preferred securities and the trust preferred securities) in whole, but not in part, at any time under certain
circumstances upon the occurrence and continuation of unfavorable changes in tax law or investment company law as discussed above. A redemption under these circumstances will be a taxable event to the beneficial owners of trust preferred securities.