.

 Risks
 and Uncertainties

 Described below are some of the risks and uncertainties that
 could cause actual results to differ materially from the results
 contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this
 Annual Report. See “Forward-Looking Statements” that
 precedes Part I of this
 Form 10-K.

 We
 compete in a cyclical market.

 Our business depends on capital expenditures of customers in a
 wide range of industries, including the telecommunications,
 semiconductor, and computer industries. Each of these industries
 has historically been cyclical and has experienced periodic
 downturns, which have had a material adverse impact on the
 demand for equipment and services manufactured and marketed by
 us. During periods of reduced and declining demand, we may need
 to rapidly align our cost structure with prevailing market
 conditions while at the same time motivate and retain key
 employees. Our net sales and operating results could be
 adversely affected by the reversal of any favorable trends or
 any future downturns or slowdowns in the rate of capital
 investment in these industries. In addition, the
 telecommunications industry has been going through a period of
 consolidation in which several major telecommunications
 operators and equipment manufacturers have either merged with
 each other or been acquired. This consolidation activity may
 affect the overall level of capital expenditures made by these
 operators for test and measurement equipment, and may also
 affect the relative competitive position between us and our
 competitors in this market.

 The
 industries we serve experience rapid changes in
 technology.

 We sell our products to customers that participate in rapidly
 changing high technology markets, which are characterized by
 short product life cycles. Our ability to deliver a timely flow
 of competitive new products and market acceptance of those
 products, as well as the ability to increase production or to
 develop and maintain effective sales channels, is essential to
 growing the business. Because we sell test, measurement and
 monitoring products that enable our customers to develop new
 technologies, we must accurately anticipate the ever-evolving

 9

Table of Contents

 needs of those customers and deliver appropriate products and
 technologies at competitive prices to meet customer demands. Our
 ability to deliver those products could be affected by
 engineering or other development program delays as well as the
 availability of parts and supplies from third-party providers on
 a timely basis and at reasonable prices. In addition, we face
 risks associated with designing products and obtaining
 components that are compliant with the “Restriction of
 Hazardous Substances” worldwide regulatory provisions,
 which include removing lead from current and future product
 designs. We also expect spending for traditional networks to
 continue to decrease, which requires that we continue to develop
 products and applications for networks based on emerging
 next-generation
 wireless and packet-based technologies and standards. We may not
 successfully develop or acquire additional competitive products
 for these emerging technologies and standards. Failure to timely
 develop or acquire competitive and reasonably priced products
 that are compliant with evolving regulatory standards could have
 an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial
 condition, or cash flows.

 Competition
 is intense, may intensify and could result in increased downward
 pricing pressure, reduced margins and the loss of market
 share.

 We compete with a number of companies in specialized areas of
 other test and measurement products and one large broad line
 measurement products supplier, Agilent Technologies. Other
 competitors include Anritsu Corporation, Catapult Communications
 Corporation, Harris Corporation, JDS Uniphase Corporation,
 LeCroy Corporation, NetHawk Group, Rohde & Schwarz,
 Spirent Communications, Yokogawa Electric Corporation, and many
 other smaller companies. In general, the test and measurement
 industry is a highly competitive market based primarily on
 product performance, technology, customer service, product
 availability, and price. Some of our competitors may have
 greater resources to apply to each of these factors and in some
 cases have built significant reputations with the customer base
 in each market in which we compete. We face pricing pressures
 that may have an adverse impact on our earnings. If we are
 unable to compete effectively on these and other factors, it
 could have a material adverse effect on our results of
 operations, financial condition, or cash flows. In addition, we
 enjoy a leadership position in various core product categories,
 and continually develop and introduce new products designed to
 maintain that leadership, as well as to penetrate new markets.
 Failure to develop and introduce new products that maintain a
 leadership position or that fail to penetrate new markets may
 adversely affect operating results.

 We
 obtain various key components, services and licenses from sole
 and limited source suppliers.

 Our manufacturing operations are dependent on the ability of
 suppliers to deliver high quality components, subassemblies and
 completed products in time to meet critical manufacturing and
 distribution schedules. We periodically experience constrained
 supply of component parts in some product lines as a result of
 strong demand in the industry for those parts. We buy a
 significant portion of our circuit boards from one supplier and
 a significant portion of our Application Specific Integrated
 Chips (“ASICs”) from two suppliers. Both circuit
 boards and ASICs are important components of our products and
 are built to Tektronix’ specifications. We believe other
 suppliers could build the circuit boards, however there are a
 limited number of suppliers that could build ASICs to
 Tektronix’ specifications. These constraints, if
 persistent, may adversely affect operating results until
 alternate sourcing can be developed. There is increased risk of
 supplier constraints in periods where we are increasing
 production volume to meet customer demands. Volatility in the
 prices of these component parts, an inability to secure enough
 components at reasonable prices to build new products in a
 timely manner in the quantities and configurations demanded or,
 conversely, a temporary oversupply of these parts, could
 adversely affect our future operating results. In addition, we
 use various sole source components that are integral to a
 variety of products. Disruption in key sole source suppliers
 could have a significant adverse effect on our results of
 operations.

 We are dependent on various third-party logistics providers to
 distribute our products throughout the world. Any disruptions in
 their ability to ship products to our customers could have a
 significant adverse effect on our results of operations.

 We rely upon software licensed from third parties. If we are
 unable to maintain these software licenses on commercially
 reasonable terms, our business, financial condition, results of
 operations, or cash flow could be harmed.

 10

Table of Contents

 Changes
 or delays in the implementation or customer acceptance of our
 products could harm our financial results.

 Revenues for a significant portion of our network management
 solution products are typically recognized upon the completion
 of system installation or customer acceptance. Delays caused by
 us or our customers in the commencement or completion of
 scheduled product installations and acceptance testing may occur
 from time to time. Changes or delays in the implementation or
 customer acceptance of our products could harm our financial
 results.

 There are additional product risks associated with sales of the
 network management products. Sales of our network management
 products often involve large contracts and custom development
 criteria. Because a significant portion of our total revenues on
 a quarterly basis is derived from projects requiring explicit
 acceptance by the customer, product installation
 and/or
 development delays could materially harm our financial results
 for a particular period. Additionally, we may be subject to
 penalties or other customer claims for failure to meet
 contractually agreed upon milestones or deadlines, which could
 include cancellation of an order and impairment of the
 associated inventory.

 Our
 network management business and reputation could suffer if we do
 not prevent security breaches.

 We have included security features in some of the network
 management products that are intended to protect the privacy and
 integrity of customer data. Despite the existence of these
 security features, these products may be vulnerable to breaches
 in security due to unknown defects in the security mechanisms,
 as well as vulnerabilities inherent in the operating system or
 hardware platform on which the product runs or the networks
 linked to that platform. Security vulnerabilities, regardless of
 origin, could jeopardize the security of information stored in
 and transmitted through the computer systems of our customers.
 Any security problem may require significant expenditures to
 solve and could materially harm our reputation and product
 acceptance.

 A
 significant portion of our revenues are from international
 customers, and, as a result, our business may be harmed by
 political and economic conditions in foreign markets and the
 challenges associated with operating
 internationally.

 We maintain operations and conduct business in four major
 geographies: the Americas, Europe, the Pacific, and Japan. Some
 of our manufacturing operations and key suppliers are located in
 foreign countries, including China, where we expect to further
 expand our operations. As a result, business is subject to the
 worldwide economic and market condition risks generally
 associated with doing business globally, such as fluctuating
 exchange rates; the stability of international monetary
 conditions; tariff and trade policies; export license
 requirements and technology export restrictions; import
 regulations; domestic and foreign tax policies; foreign
 governmental regulations; political unrest, wars and acts of
 terrorism; epidemic disease and other health concerns; and
 changes in other economic and political conditions. These
 factors, among others, could restrict or adversely affect our
 ability to sell in global markets, as well as our ability to
 manufacture products or procure supplies, and could subject us
 to additional costs. In addition, a significant downturn in the
 global economy or a particular region could adversely affect our
 results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows.

 Our
 success depends on our ability to maintain and protect our
 intellectual property and the intellectual property licensed
 from others.

 As a technology-based company, our success depends on developing
 and protecting our intellectual property. We rely generally on
 patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws in the United
 States and abroad. Electronic equipment as complex as most of
 our products, however, is generally not patentable in its
 entirety. We also license intellectual property from third
 parties and rely on those parties to maintain and protect their
 technology. We cannot be certain that actions we take to
 establish and protect proprietary rights will be adequate,
 particularly in countries (including China) where intellectual
 property rights are not highly developed or protected. If we are
 unable to adequately protect our technology, or if we are unable
 to continue to obtain or maintain licenses for protected
 technology from third parties, it could have a material adverse
 effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or
 cash flows. From time to time in the usual course of business,
 we receive notices from third parties

 11

Table of Contents

 regarding intellectual property infringement or take action
 against others with regard to intellectual property rights. Even
 where we are successful in defending or pursuing infringement
 claims, we may incur significant costs. In the event of a
 successful claim against us, we could lose our rights to needed
 technology or be required to pay license fees for the infringed
 rights, either of which could have an adverse impact on our
 business.

 We are
 subject to environmental regulations.

 We are subject to a variety of federal, state, local and foreign
 environmental regulations relating to the use, storage,
 discharge and disposal of hazardous chemicals used during our
 manufacturing process.

 We have closed a licensed hazardous waste management facility at
 our Beaverton, Oregon campus and have entered into a consent
 order with the Oregon Department of Environmental Quality
 requiring certain remediation actions. If we fail to comply with
 the consent order or any present or future regulations, we could
 be subject to future liabilities or the suspension of
 production. In addition, environmental regulations could
 restrict our ability to expand our facilities or could require
 us to acquire costly equipment, or to incur other significant
 expenses to comply with environmental regulations.

 Our
 defined benefit pension plans are subject to financial market
 risks.

 Our defined benefit pension plan obligations are affected by
 changes in market interest rates and the majority of plan assets
 are invested in publicly traded debt and equity securities,
 which are affected by market risks. Significant changes in
 market interest rates, decreases in the fair value of plan
 assets and investment losses on plan assets may adversely impact
 our operating results. See “Critical Accounting
 Estimates — Pension Plans” in Item 7
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
 and Results of Operations of Part II of this
 Form 10-K
 below for additional discussion.

 Our
 reported results of operations will be materially and adversely
 affected by our adoption of SFAS 123R.

 Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”)
 No. 123 (Revised 2004), “Share-Based Payment”
 (“SFAS 123R”), which will be effective in our
 first quarter of fiscal year 2007, will result in our
 recognition of substantial compensation expense relating to our
 stock incentive plan and employee stock purchase plan. We
 currently use the intrinsic value method to measure compensation
 expense for stock-based awards to our employees. Under this
 standard, we generally have not recognized any compensation
 expense related to stock option grants we issue under our stock
 incentive plans or the discounts we provide under our employee
 stock purchase plan. Under the new rules, we will be required to
 adopt a fair value-based method for measuring the compensation
 expense related to employee stock awards, which will lead to
 substantial additional compensation expense and will have a
 material adverse effect on our reported results of operations.
 See Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements under Part II Item 8 Financial Statements
 and Supplementary Data of this Report for the pro forma impact
 on net earnings and earnings per share from calculating
 stock-related compensation cost under the fair value alternative
 of SFAS No. 123. However, the calculation of
 compensation cost for share-based payment transactions after the
 effective date of SFAS No. 123R may be different from
 the calculation of compensation cost under
 SFAS No. 123, but such differences have not yet been
 quantified.

 We
 face other risk factors.

 Our business could be impacted by macroeconomic factors. The
 recent volatility in energy prices and rising interest rates
 could have a negative impact on the economy overall and could
 adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition,
 or cash flows.

 Other risk factors include but are not limited to changes in the
 mix of products sold, regulatory and tax legislation, changes in
 effective tax rates, inventory risks due to changes in market
 demand or our business strategies, potential litigation and
 claims arising in the normal course of business, credit risk of
 customers, the fact that a substantial portion of our sales
 during a quarter are generated from orders received during that
 quarter, and significant modifications to existing information
 systems. If any of these risks occur, they could adversely
 affect our results of operations, financial condition, or cash
 flows.

 12

Table of Contents