.

 Risks and
 Uncertainties

 Described below are some of the risks and uncertainties that
 could cause actual results to differ materially from the results
 contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this
 Annual Report. See “Forward-Looking Statements” that
 precedes Part I of this
 Form 10-K.

 We
 compete in a cyclical market and a decrease in capital
 expenditures by our customers could adversely impact demand for
 our products.

 Our business depends on capital expenditures of customers in a
 wide range of industries, including the telecommunications,
 semiconductor, and computer industries. Each of these industries
 has historically been

 9

Table of Contents

 cyclical and has experienced periodic downturns, which have had
 a material adverse impact on the demand for equipment and
 services manufactured and marketed by us. During periods of
 reduced and declining demand, we may need to rapidly align our
 cost structure with prevailing market conditions while at the
 same time continuing to motivate and retain key employees. Our
 net sales and operating results could be adversely affected by
 the reversal of any favorable trends or any future downturns or
 slowdowns in the rate of capital investment in these industries.
 In addition, the telecommunications industry has been going
 through a period of consolidation in which several major
 telecommunications operators and equipment manufacturers have
 either merged with each other or been acquired. This
 consolidation activity may affect the overall level of capital
 expenditures made by these operators and equipment manufacturers
 for test and measurement equipment and may also affect the
 relative competitive position between us and our competitors in
 this market.

 Rapid
 changes in technology require timely introduction of competitive
 products and any failure to anticipate such changes and
 introduce competitive products could adversely affect our
 results of operations and financial condition.

 We sell our products to customers that participate in rapidly
 changing high technology markets, which are characterized by
 short product life cycles. Our ability to deliver a timely flow
 of competitive new products and market acceptance of those
 products, as well as the ability to increase production or to
 develop and maintain effective sales channels, is essential to
 growing the business. Because we sell test, measurement and
 monitoring products that enable our customers to develop new
 technologies, we must accurately anticipate the ever-evolving
 needs of those customers and deliver appropriate products and
 technologies at competitive prices to meet customer demands. Our
 ability to deliver those products could be affected by
 engineering or other development program delays as well as the
 availability of parts and supplies from third-party providers on
 a timely basis and at reasonable prices. In addition, we face
 risks associated with designing products and obtaining
 components that are compliant with the “Restriction of
 Hazardous Substances” worldwide regulatory provisions,
 which include removing lead from current and future product
 designs. We also expect spending for traditional networks to
 continue to decrease, which requires that we continue to develop
 products and applications for networks based on emerging
 next-generation wireless and packet-based technologies and
 standards. We may not successfully develop or acquire additional
 competitive products for these emerging technologies and
 standards. Failure to timely develop or acquire competitive and
 reasonably priced products that are compliant with evolving
 regulatory standards could have an adverse effect on our results
 of operations, financial condition, or cash flows.

 Competition
 is intense, may further intensify, and could result in the loss
 of market share, reduced margins, and increased downward pricing
 pressure.

 We compete with a number of companies in specialized areas of
 test and measurement products and one large broad line
 measurement products supplier, Agilent Technologies, Inc. Other
 competitors include Anritsu Corporation, Astellia Inc., Catapult
 Communications Corporation, Empirix Inc., Fluke Corporation,
 Harris Corporation, JDS Uniphase Corporation, Leader Instruments
 Corporation, LeCroy Corporation, NetHawk Group, Radcom Ltd.,
 Rohde & Schwarz, Spirent Communications, Yokogawa
 Electric Corporation, and many other smaller companies. In
 general, the test and measurement industry is a highly
 competitive market based primarily on product performance,
 technology, customer service, product availability, and price.
 Some of our competitors may have greater resources to apply to
 each of these factors and in some cases have built significant
 reputations with the customer base in each market in which we
 compete. We may face pricing pressures that could have an
 adverse impact on our earnings. If we are unable to compete
 effectively on these and other factors, it could have a material
 adverse effect on our results of operations, financial
 condition, or cash flows. In addition, we enjoy a leadership
 position in various core product categories, and continually
 develop and introduce new products designed to maintain that
 leadership, as well as to penetrate new markets. Failure to
 develop and introduce new products that allow us to maintain a
 leadership position or that fail to penetrate new markets may
 adversely affect operating results.

 10

Table of Contents

 We
 depend on sole and limited source suppliers to provide various
 key components, services, and licenses necessary to meet
 critical product and delivery schedules, and any inability on
 the part of those suppliers to meet our requirements could
 adversely affect our results of operations.

 Our manufacturing operations are dependent on the ability of
 suppliers to deliver high quality components, subassemblies, and
 completed products in time to meet critical manufacturing and
 distribution schedules. We buy a significant portion of our
 circuit boards from two suppliers and a significant portion of
 our Application Specific Integrated Circuits (“ASICs”)
 from two suppliers. Both circuit boards and ASICs are important
 components of our products and are built to our specifications.
 We believe other suppliers could build the circuit boards;
 however, there are a limited number of suppliers that could
 build ASICs to our specifications. In some cases, we have
 acquired materials to support a last time buy request, and we
 must safely store such amounts in our facilities. We believe we
 purchase sufficient amounts in response to a last time buy
 request, but the acquired materials will be our only supply.
 Significant damage to the facility could impair the safekeeping
 of these materials and any resulting damage to the materials
 could adversely affect our results of operations. In addition,
 we periodically experience constrained supply of component parts
 in some product lines as a result of strong demand in the
 industry for those parts. These constraints, if persistent, may
 adversely affect operating results until alternate sourcing can
 be developed. There is increased risk of supplier constraints in
 periods where we are increasing production volume to meet
 customer demands. Volatility in the prices of these component
 parts, an inability to secure enough components at reasonable
 prices to build new products in a timely manner in the
 quantities and configurations demanded or, conversely, a
 temporary oversupply of these parts, could adversely affect our
 future operating results. In addition, we use various sole
 source components that are integral to a variety of products.
 Disruption in key sole or limited source suppliers could have a
 significant adverse effect on our business and results of
 operations.

 We are dependent on various third-party logistics providers to
 distribute our products throughout the world. Any disruptions in
 their ability to ship products to our customers could have a
 significant adverse effect on our business and results of
 operations.

 We rely upon software licensed from third parties. If we are
 unable to maintain these software licenses on commercially
 reasonable terms, our business, financial condition, results of
 operations, or cash flow could be harmed.

 Failure
 of information technology systems may negatively impact our
 operating results.

 We depend on our information technology systems for the
 development, manufacture, distribution, marketing, sales, and
 support of our products and services. Any failure in those
 systems may adversely affect our operating results. Beginning in
 the first quarter of fiscal year 2008, we are performing a
 significant upgrade to our order management, invoicing, and
 accounts receivable system. Any failure arising out of this
 upgrade could adversely affect our operating results. In
 addition, because the majority of our products are distributed
 from a limited number of locations, failure of information
 technology systems or any other disruption affecting those
 product locations could have a material adverse impact on our
 ability to deliver product and on our financial results.

 Cancellations,
 changes, or delays in the implementation or customer acceptance
 of our products could harm our financial results.

 Large orders, particularly for network management, typically
 involve multiple deliverables which may be delivered over an
 extended period of time greater than the usual six months for
 our other products. Additionally, revenue from a significant
 portion of our network management solution products is typically
 recognized upon the completion of system installation or
 customer acceptance. As a result, the timing of revenue
 recognition related to these contracts can impact the sales
 growth rate in the Communications Business in any single
 quarter. Also, delays caused by us or our customers in the
 commencement or completion of scheduled product installations
 and acceptance testing may occur from time to time. In addition,
 cancellations, changes, or delays in the implementation or
 customer acceptance of our products, including but not limited
 to network management, could harm our financial results.

 There are additional product risks associated with sales of the
 network management products. Sales of our network management
 products often involve large contracts and custom development
 criteria. Because a significant

 11

Table of Contents

 portion of our total sales on a quarterly basis is derived from
 projects requiring explicit acceptance by the customer, product
 installation
 and/or
 development delays could materially harm our financial results
 for a particular period. Additionally, we may be subject to
 penalties or other customer claims for failure to meet
 contractually agreed upon milestones or deadlines, which could
 include cancellation of an order and impairment of the
 associated inventory.

 Our
 network management business and reputation could suffer if we do
 not prevent security breaches.

 We have included security features in some of our network
 management products that are intended to protect the privacy and
 integrity of customer data. Despite the existence of these
 security features, these products may be vulnerable to breaches
 in security due to unknown defects in the security mechanisms,
 as well as vulnerabilities inherent in the operating system or
 hardware platform on which the product runs or the networks
 linked to that platform. Security vulnerabilities, regardless of
 origin, could jeopardize the security of information stored in
 and transmitted through the computer systems of our customers.
 Any security problem may require significant expenditures to
 solve and could materially harm our reputation and product
 acceptance.

 A
 significant portion of our revenue is from international
 customers, and, as a result, our business may be harmed by
 political and economic conditions in foreign markets and the
 challenges associated with operating
 internationally.

 We maintain operations and conduct business in four major
 geographies: the Americas, Europe, the Pacific, and Japan. Some
 of our manufacturing operations and key suppliers are located in
 foreign countries, including China, where we expect to further
 expand our operations. As a result, business is subject to the
 worldwide economic and market condition risks generally
 associated with doing business globally, such as fluctuating
 exchange rates; the stability of international monetary
 conditions; tariff and trade policies; export license
 requirements and technology export restrictions; import
 regulations; domestic and foreign tax policies; foreign
 governmental regulations; political unrest, wars and acts of
 terrorism; epidemic disease and other health concerns; and
 changes in other economic and political conditions. These
 factors, among others, could restrict or adversely affect our
 ability to sell in global markets, as well as our ability to
 manufacture products or procure supplies, and could subject us
 to additional costs. In addition, a significant downturn in the
 global economy or a particular region could adversely affect our
 results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows.

 Failure
 to maintain and protect our intellectual property and the
 intellectual property licensed from others could adversely
 affect our results of operations and financial
 condition.

 As a technology-based company, our success depends on developing
 and protecting our intellectual property. We rely generally on
 patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret laws in the
 United States and abroad. Electronic equipment as complex as
 most of our products, however, is generally not patentable in
 its entirety. We also license intellectual property from third
 parties and rely on those parties to maintain and protect their
 technology. We cannot be certain that actions we take to
 establish and protect proprietary rights will be adequate,
 particularly in countries (including China) where intellectual
 property rights are not highly developed or protected. If we are
 unable to adequately protect our technology, or if we are unable
 to continue to obtain or maintain licenses for protected
 technology from third parties, it could have a material adverse
 effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or
 cash flows. From time to time in the usual course of business,
 we receive notices from third parties regarding intellectual
 property infringement or take action against others with regard
 to intellectual property rights. Even where we are successful in
 defending or pursuing infringement claims, we may incur
 significant costs. In the event of a successful claim against
 us, we could lose our rights to needed technology or be required
 to pay license fees for the infringed rights, either of which
 could have an adverse impact on our business.

 Failure
 to comply with environmental regulations could result in
 suspension of production and could restrict our ability to
 expand facilities.

 We are subject to a variety of federal, state, local, and
 foreign environmental regulations relating to the use, storage,
 discharge, and disposal of hazardous chemicals used during our
 manufacturing process. We have closed a licensed hazardous waste
 management facility at our Beaverton, Oregon campus and have
 entered into a consent order with the Department of
 Environmental Quality requiring certain remediation actions. If
 we fail to comply with

 12

Table of Contents

 the consent order or any present or future regulations, we could
 be subject to future liabilities or the suspension of
 production. In addition, environmental regulations could
 restrict our ability to expand our facilities or could require
 us to acquire costly equipment, or to incur other significant
 expenses to comply with environmental regulations.

 Our
 defined benefit pension plans are subject to financial market
 risks and significant changes in market interest rates could
 adversely impact our operating results.

 Our defined benefit pension plan obligations are affected by
 changes in market interest rates and the majority of plan assets
 are invested in publicly traded debt and equity securities,
 which are affected by market risks. Significant changes in
 market interest rates, decreases in the fair value of plan
 assets, and investment losses on plan assets may adversely
 impact our operating results.

 We
 face other risk factors.

 Our business could be impacted by macroeconomic factors. The
 recent volatility in energy prices and rising interest rates
 could have a negative impact on the economy overall and could
 adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition,
 or cash flows.

 Other risk factors include but are not limited to changes in the
 mix of products sold, regulatory and tax legislation, changes in
 effective tax rates, inventory risks due to changes in market
 demand or our business strategies, potential litigation and
 claims arising in the normal course of business, credit risk of
 customers and the fact that a substantial portion of our sales
 during a quarter are generated from orders received during that
 quarter. If any of these risks occur, they could adversely
 affect our results of operations, financial condition, or cash
 flows.