Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our securities. 
These risks are not the only ones facing us. Our business is also subject to general risks that affect many other companies. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our business operations, financial condition, and liquidity
.

7

Table of Contents

Risks Relating to the Macroeconomic Environment and Our Global Presence

Conditions in global or regional economies, capital and money markets, and banking systems, and cyclical industry demand may adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.

Our business and operating results have been and will continue to be affected by economic conditions regionally or globally, including new or increased tariffs and other barriers to trade, including escalation of trade and tariff tensions between the United States (“U.S.”), China, the EU, and other countries, changes to fiscal and monetary policy, inflation, slower growth or recession, higher interest rates, labor disruptions, the cost and availability of consumer and business credit, end demand from consumer and industrial markets, significant bank failures, government shutdowns, and concerns as to sovereign debt levels including credit rating downgrades and defaults on sovereign debt. Any of these economic factors could cause our customers to experience deterioration of their businesses, cash flow, financial condition, and ability to obtain financing. As a result, existing or potential customers may delay or cancel plans to purchase our products and may not be able to fulfill their obligations to us in a timely fashion or in full. Further, our vendors may experience similar problems, which may impact their ability to fulfill our orders or meet agreed service and quality levels. If regional or global economic conditions deteriorate, our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. Also, deterioration in economic conditions, expectations for future revenue, projected future cash flows, or other factors have triggered and could trigger additional recognition of impairment charges for our goodwill or other long-lived assets. Impairment charges, if any, may be material to our results of operations and financial position.

Foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our results.

Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in U.S. dollars; however, a significant portion of our business is conducted outside the U.S. Changes in the relative values of currencies may have a significant effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.

We are exposed to the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on our costs and revenue. Approximately 60% of our net sales for fiscal 2025 were invoiced in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, and we expect non-U.S. dollar revenue to continue to represent a significant portion of our future net sales. We have elected not to hedge this foreign currency exposure. Therefore, when the U.S. dollar strengthens in relation to the currencies of the countries where we sell our products, such as the euro or Asian currencies, our U.S. dollar reported revenue and income will decrease. Although the value of the U.S. dollar fluctuated in fiscal 2025, in recent years, the strength of the U.S. dollar has generally increased as compared to other currencies, which has had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our operating results as reported in U.S. dollars.
We manage certain cash, intercompany, and other balance sheet currency exposures in part by entering into financial derivative contracts. In addition to the risk of non-performance by the counterparty to these contracts, our efforts to manage these risks might not be successful.

We have suffered and could continue to suffer business interruptions, including impacts resulting from pandemics, severe weather events, and natural catastrophic events, including those caused or intensified by climate change, and other macroeconomic factors.

Our operations and those of our suppliers and customers, and the supply chains that support their operations, have been and may be in the future vulnerable to interruption by natural disasters such as hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, typhoons, tornados, or floods, which may be exacerbated by the effects of climate change; other disasters such as fires, explosions, acts of terrorism, or war, including the continuing military conflicts in certain parts of the world; disease or other adverse health developments; or failures of management information or other systems due to internal or external causes. These events could cause some of our operations to suffer from supply chain disruptions and potential delays in fulfilling customer orders or order cancellations altogether, lost business and sales, changing costs or availability of insurance, and/or property damage or harm to our people, each and all of which could have an adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, such interruptions could result in a widespread crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets of many countries, resulting in an economic downturn that could affect demand for our end customers’ products. If a business interruption occurs and we are unsuccessful in our continuing efforts to minimize the impact of these events, our business, results of operations, financial position, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 

8

Table of Contents

We could be adversely affected by a decline in the market value of our pension plans’ investment portfolios or a reduction in returns on plan assets.

Concerns about deterioration in the global economy, together with concerns about tariffs, credit, inflation, or deflation, have caused and could continue to cause significant volatility in the price of all securities, including fixed income and equity securities, which has reduced and could further reduce the value of our pension plans’ investment portfolios. In addition, the expected returns on plan assets may not be achieved. A decrease in the value of our pension plans’ investment portfolios or a reduction in returns on plan assets could require us to significantly increase funding of such obligations, which would have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
Disruption in credit markets and volatility in equity markets may affect our ability to access sufficient funding.

The global equity markets have been volatile and at times credit markets have been disrupted, which has reduced the availability of investment capital and credit. Downgrades of sovereign debt credit ratings have similarly affected the availability and cost of capital. As a result, we may be unable to access adequate funding to operate and grow our business. Our inability to access adequate funding or to generate sufficient cash from operations may require us to reconsider certain projects and capital expenditures. The extent of any impact will depend on several factors, including our operating cash flows, the duration of tight credit conditions and volatile equity markets, our credit ratings and credit capacity, the cost of financing, and other general economic and business conditions.
Global political, economic, and military instability could negatively affect sales or profitability.

Our workforce; manufacturing, research, administrative, and sales facilities; markets; customers; and suppliers are located throughout the world. As a result, we are exposed to risks that could negatively affect sales or profitability, including:

·

changes in global trade policies, including sanctions, tariffs, trade barriers, and trade disputes;

·

regulations related to customs and import/export matters;

·

variations in lengths of payment cycles and challenges in collecting accounts receivable;

·

tax law and regulatory changes, examinations by taxing authorities, changes to the terms of income tax treaties, and difficulties in the tax-efficient repatriation of cash generated or held in a number of jurisdictions;

·

employment regulations and local labor conditions, including increases in employment costs, particularly in low-cost regions in which we currently operate;

·

difficulties protecting intellectual property;

·

instability in economic or political conditions, including elections, sovereign debt levels, government shutdowns, Eurozone uncertainty, inflation, recession, and actual or anticipated military or political conflicts, including the continuing military conflicts in certain parts of the world; and

·

the impact of each of the foregoing on our outsourcing and procurement arrangements.

We have sizeable operations in China, including 19 principal manufacturing sites. In addition, approximately 25% of our net sales in fiscal 2025 were made to customers in China. Economic conditions in China have been, and may continue to be, volatile and uncertain. In addition, the legal and regulatory system in China continues to evolve and is subject to change. There also continues to be significant uncertainty about the relationship between the U.S. and China, including with respect to geopolitics, trade policies, treaties, government regulations, and tariffs. The current political climate has intensified concerns about trade tensions between the U.S. and China in connection with each country’s recent or proposed tariffs on the other country’s products. Accordingly, our operations and transactions with customers in China could be adversely affected by changes to market conditions, changes to the regulatory environment, increased trade barriers, tariffs, or restrictions, or interpretation of Chinese law.
In addition, any further downgrade by rating agencies of long-term U.S. sovereign debt or downgrades or defaults of sovereign debt of other nations may negatively affect global financial markets and economic conditions, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and liquidity.

9

Table of Contents

Global legislative and regulatory actions and proposals could cause a material change in our worldwide effective corporate tax rate and our global cash taxes.

Various legislative and regulatory proposals have been directed at multinational companies with operations in lower-tax jurisdictions. There has been heightened focus on adoption of such legislation and on other initiatives, such as:

·

the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) and participating countries continue to enact the 15% global minimum tax. The global minimum tax is a significant structural change to the international taxation framework and more than 50 countries have thus far enacted some or all elements of the tax. Ireland has implemented elements of the OECD’s global minimum tax rules, which were effective for us beginning in fiscal 2025. We anticipate further legislative activity and administrative guidance. We continue to closely monitor the evolving global minimum tax framework and assess the implications in the jurisdictions in which we operate.

·

EU, U.S., and other countries’ initiatives to promote tax transparency and to prevent aggressive tax planning.

The impact of these proposals may materially increase cash taxes, increase our worldwide corporate effective tax rate, cause double taxation, and increase audit risk. We cannot predict the outcome of any specific legislative proposals or initiatives, and we cannot provide assurance that any such legislation or initiative will not apply to us.
U.S. federal tax laws could result in adverse consequences to U.S. persons treated as owning 10% or more of our shares.

Although we are an Irish company, application of certain U.S. tax law ownership attribution rules may cause non-U.S. subsidiaries to be treated as Controlled Foreign Corporations (“CFCs”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Under the current rules, a U.S. person that is treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as owning, directly, indirectly, or constructively, 10% or more of our shares may be required to annually report and include in its U.S. taxable income its pro rata share of certain types of income earned by our subsidiaries that are treated as CFCs, whether or not we make any distributions to such U.S. shareholder. Under recently enacted legislation, the current attribution rules cease to apply for tax years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2025, and, as a result, based on our current ownership structure, our non-U.S. subsidiaries will not be treated as CFCs as of our tax year beginning September 26, 2026. A U.S. person that owns 10% or more of our shares should consult a tax adviser regarding the potential implications. The risk of U.S. federal income tax reporting and compliance obligations with respect to our subsidiaries that are treated as CFCs may deter our current shareholders from increasing their investment in us, and others from investing in us, which could impact the demand for, and value of, our shares.
We are subject to, and may continue to be subject to, incremental costs, risks, and regulations associated with efforts to combat the negative effects of climate change.

There is increased public awareness regarding climate change. This increased focus has led to international treaties and agreements and legislative and regulatory efforts. We may also be subject to larger, global climate change initiatives, laws, regulations, or orders, such as any laws or regulations to implement the Paris Climate Agreement, which seek to reduce GHG emissions. In addition to government requirements, our customers are also increasingly imposing climate-related requirements on their suppliers, including us. Any failure, or perceived failure, to comply with these requirements may result in reduced demand for our products, reputational harm, or other adverse impacts to our business.
Any future regulations relating to GHG emissions and/or other climate change-related laws and regulations, beyond initiatives we already have in process, could subject us to additional and/or unforeseen compliance costs and limitations, increased energy and raw material costs, and incremental capital expenditure requirements. Also, there may be additional mandatory climate-related reporting obligations, and potentially GHG emissions reduction requirements, which would likely result in increased corporate and operational general and administrative efforts and associated costs and expenses.
Any future regulatory changes in any of the countries in which we operate could result in transition risks to us, including, but not limited to: (i) the nature and timing of any requirement to lower GHG emissions and adopt more energy-efficient energy use, which could result in changes or disruptions to the way we operate, (ii) financial risks where the compliance with such regulations requires unforeseen capital expenditures and becomes costly or financially burdensome, (iii) legal risks associated with the failure to adapt to or comply with future climate change-related regulations, (iv) risks of climate litigation associated with our disclosures and/or operations; (v) risks associated with the implementation of any new 

10

Table of Contents

technologies required to comply with such regulations, which could impede our ability to innovate new products, meet customer and market demand, or compete on pricing and quality in the market, and/or (vi) reputational risks associated with our customers’ and investors’ perceptions of us and their preferences for maintaining relationships with companies with lower emissions, all of which could harm our reputation in the marketplace.
Increasing scrutiny and expectations regarding environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) matters could result in additional costs or risks or otherwise adversely impact our business.

Companies across industries are facing increasing scrutiny from a variety of stakeholders related to their ESG and sustainability practices. Expectations regarding voluntary and potential mandatory ESG initiatives and disclosures may result in increased costs, changes in demand for certain products, enhanced compliance or disclosure obligations, or other adverse impacts to our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Further, our ability to achieve our current and future ESG goals is uncertain and remains subject to numerous risks, including increasing regulatory requirements and stakeholder expectations, our ability to recruit, develop, and retain a diverse workforce, the availability of suppliers and other business partners that can meet our ESG expectations, the growth of our business, cost considerations, and the development and availability of cost-effective technologies or resources that support our goals. An inability to receive or maintain favorable ESG ratings could negatively impact our reputation or impede our ability to compete as effectively to attract and retain employees or customers, which may adversely impact our operations. Unfavorable ESG ratings could also lead to negative investor sentiment towards us or our industry, which could negatively impact the price of our shares as well as our access to and cost of capital.

Risks Relating to the Industry in Which We Operate

We are dependent on the automotive and other industries and significant periodic downturns have had material adverse effects on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.

We are dependent on end market dynamics to sell our products, and our operating results could be adversely affected by cyclical and reduced demand in these markets. Periodic downturns in our customers’ industries can significantly reduce demand for certain of our products, which has in the past and could have in the future a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
Approximately 41% of our net sales for fiscal 2025 were to customers in the automotive end market. The automotive industry is dominated by large manufacturers that can exert significant price pressure on their suppliers. Additionally, the automotive industry has historically experienced significant downturns during periods of deteriorating global or regional economic or credit conditions. As a supplier of automotive electronics products, our sales of these products and our profitability have been and could continue to be negatively affected by significant declines in global or regional economic or credit conditions and changes in the operations, products, business models, part-sourcing requirements, financial condition, and market share of automotive manufacturers, as well as potential consolidations among automotive manufacturers. Further, work stoppages or slowdowns experienced by our customers in the automotive industry, or changes in consumer preferences, could result in slowdowns or closures of assembly plants where our products are included in assembled vehicles.

During fiscal 2025, approximately 13% of our net sales were to customers in the digital data networks end market, approximately 12% of our net sales were to customers in the automation and connected living end market, and approximately 9% of our net sales were to customers in the aerospace, defense, and marine end market. Demand in the digital data networks market can fluctuate significantly, depending on the underlying demand in the networking, data center, and wireless infrastructure industries. The overall market trends of increased data connectivity and continued movement to artificial intelligence (“AI”) and cloud applications have had a favorable impact on demand. Demand in the automation and connected living end market is dependent upon economic conditions, including customer investment in factory and warehouse automation, process control systems, and building automation and smart city infrastructure, as well as market conditions in the home appliances market. The aerospace and defense industry has undergone significant fluctuations in demand as a result of economic and political conditions.
We encounter competition in substantially all areas of the electronic components industry, which has and could in the future negatively impact our prices, margins, and market share.

We operate in highly competitive markets for electronic components and expect that both direct and indirect competition will increase in the future. Our overall competitive position depends on various factors including the price, 

11

Table of Contents

quality, and performance of our products; the level of customer service; the development of new technology; our ability to participate in emerging markets; and customers’ expectations relating to socially responsible operations. The competition we experience across product lines from other companies ranges in size from large, diversified manufacturers to small, highly specialized manufacturers. The electronic components industry has become increasingly concentrated and globalized in recent years, and our major competitors have significant financial resources and technological capabilities. A number of these competitors compete with us primarily on price and in some instances may have the benefit of lower production costs for certain products. We cannot provide assurance that additional competitors will not enter our markets or that we will be able to compete successfully against existing or new competitors. Increased competition has and may in the future result in price reductions, reduced margins, or loss of market share, any of which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
We are dependent on market acceptance of our new product introductions and product innovations for future revenue and failure of such introductions or innovations in a timely manner could cause our operating results to suffer.

Substantially all markets in which we operate are impacted by technological change or change in consumer tastes and preferences, which are rapid in certain end markets. Our operating results depend substantially upon our ability to continually design, develop, introduce, and sell new and innovative products; to modify existing products; and to customize products to meet customer requirements driven by such change. There are numerous risks inherent in these processes, including the risk that we will be unable to anticipate the direction of technological change or that we will be unable to develop and market profitable new products and applications in time to satisfy customer demands.

The pace of technological change continues to accelerate and our ability to react effectively to such change may present significant competitive risks.

The pace of technological change is increasing at an exponential rate. The continued creation, development, and advancement of new technologies such as AI, blockchain, quantum computing, data analytics, 3-D printing, robotics, sensor technology, data storage, neural networks, and augmented reality, as well as other technologies in the future that are not foreseeable today, continue to transform our processes, products, and services.
In order to remain competitive, we will need to stay abreast of such technologies, require our employees to continue to learn and adapt to new technologies, be able to integrate them into our current and future business models, products, services, and processes, and also guard against existing and new competitors disrupting their business using such technologies. Our strategy, value creation model, operating model, and innovation ecosystem have important technological elements and certain of our products and offerings are based on technological advances, including AI, machine learning, advanced analytics, and the Internet of Things. Meeting evolving industry requirements, including the increasing use of AI and machine learning technologies (including the need to run complex AI-based applications on devices), and introducing new products to the market in a timely manner and at prices that are acceptable to our customers are important factors in determining our competitiveness and success. Further, increasing use of AI may expose us to social and ethical issues, which may result in reputational harm and liability. In addition, we will need to compete for talent in a competitive market that is familiar with such technologies including upskilling our workforce. There can be no assurance we will continue to compete effectively with our industry peers due to technological changes, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

12

Table of Contents

Risks and uncertainties related to the development and use of AI could harm our business, damage our reputation, or give rise to legal or regulatory action.

AI technologies are complex and rapidly evolving, and we face significant competition, including from our own clients, who may develop their own internal AI-related capabilities, which can lead to reduced demand for our products. The development, adoption, and use of AI technologies is still in the early stages and involve significant risks and uncertainties, which may expose us to legal, reputational, and financial harm. AI algorithms and training methodologies may be flawed, and datasets may be overbroad, insufficient, or contain biased information. Moreover, the use of AI may give rise to risks related to harmful content, accuracy, bias, intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, defamation, data privacy, cybersecurity, and health and safety, among others, and also bring the possibility of new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, or other legal liability, or ethical concerns that could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results.
Pressure to lower our prices has and may in the future result in price erosion.

We have experienced, and may in the future experience, pressure to lower our prices. Although pricing actions initiated in recent years have positively impacted our net sales, we have historically experienced price erosion averaging from 1% to 2% each year. To maintain our margins, we must continue to reduce our costs by similar amounts. We cannot provide assurance that pressure to reduce our prices will not have a material adverse effect on our margins, results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.

We

may be negatively affected as our customers and vendors continue to consolidate.

Many of the industries to which we sell our products, as well as many of the industries from which we buy materials, have become more concentrated in recent years, including the automotive, digital data networks, and aerospace and defense industries. Consolidation of customers may lead to decreased product purchases from us. In addition, as our customers buy in larger volumes, their volume buying power has increased, enabling them to negotiate more favorable pricing and find alternative sources from which to purchase. Our materials suppliers similarly have increased their ability to negotiate favorable pricing. These trends have and may continue to adversely affect the margins on our products, particularly for commodity components.
The life cycles of certain of our products can be very short and may not result in material revenue and may cause us to write off excess or obsolete inventory or equipment.

The life cycles of certain of our products can be very short relative to their development cycle. As a result, the resources devoted to product sales and marketing may not result in material revenue and, from time to time, we may need to write off excess or obsolete inventory or equipment. If we were to incur significant engineering expenses and investments in inventory and equipment that we were not able to recover and we were not able to compensate for those expenses, our gross margin, results of operations, financial position, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

We may incur material losses and costs as a result of product liability, warranty, and product recall claims that may be brought against us.

We face exposure to product liability and warranty claims in the event that our products actually or allegedly fail to perform as expected, or the use of our products results, or is alleged to result, in death, bodily injury, and/or property damage. Further, if any of our products are, or are alleged to be, defective, we may be required to participate in a recall campaign, and a customer or other party may hold us responsible for some or all of the costs of these campaigns. Actual or alleged defects in our products may therefore cause us to incur significant warranty, support and repair, replacement, or other costs as part of a product recall or otherwise, suffer substantial negative publicity, face challenges in our ability to timely deliver products to our customers, write-off the value of related inventory, and divert the attention of our engineering and management personnel. Additionally, actual or alleged defects in our products could result in damage to our reputation and to our ability to win future business. Consequently, our costs and loss of revenue associated with product liability, warranty, and recall claims could be material to our financial position and results of operations. 

13

Table of Contents

Risks Relating to Our Operations

Our results are sensitive to raw material availability, quality, and cost and shortages, deteriorations in quality, or price increases could lead to a materially negative impact on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.

We are a large buyer of resins, chemicals, additives, and metals, including copper, gold, silver, palladium, aluminum, brass, steel, and zinc. Many of these raw materials are produced in a limited number of countries around the world or are only available from a limited number of suppliers. The prices of many of these raw materials continue to fluctuate, and in many cases increase, and fluctuations may persist in the future. In addition, feedstock for resins and resins themselves, as well as certain other commodities, are increasingly subject to varied and unrelated force majeure events worldwide further impacting price and availability. In recent years, raw material prices and availability have been affected by worldwide economic conditions, including supply chain disruptions, inflationary cost pressures, and tariff and trade policies. If we have difficulty obtaining raw materials, the quality of available raw materials deteriorates, or there are significant price increases for these raw materials, it could have a substantial impact on the price we pay for raw materials. To the extent we cannot compensate for cost increases through productivity improvements or price increases to our customers, our margins may decline, materially affecting our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. In addition, we use financial instruments to hedge the volatility of certain commodities prices. The success of our hedging program depends on accurate forecasts of planned consumption of the hedged commodity materials. We could experience unanticipated hedge gains or losses if these forecasts are inaccurate.

The SEC requires annual disclosure and reporting requirements for those companies which use tin, tantalum, tungsten, or gold (“conflict minerals” or “3TG”) mined from the Democratic Republic of the Congo (“DRC”) and adjoining countries (together with the DRC, the “Covered Countries”) in their products. These requirements, as well as new and additional regulations like the EU’s Conflict Minerals Regulation, could affect the sourcing, pricing, and availability of 3TG used in the manufacture of certain of our products, and may result in only a limited pool of suppliers which can demonstrate that they do not source any 3TG from the Covered Countries. Accordingly, we cannot provide assurance that we will be able to obtain non-conflict 3TG in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices. Further, since our supply chain is complex, we may face reputational challenges with our customers and other stakeholders if we are unable to meet customer non-conflict 3TG standards or sufficiently verify the origins and chain of custody for all conflict minerals used in our products through our due diligence procedures.
Poor quality of components and products manufactured by third parties could harm our business.

We may rely on third-party suppliers for the components used in our products, and we may rely on third-party manufacturers to manufacture certain of our assemblies and finished products. Our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows could be adversely affected if such third parties lack sufficient quality control or if there are significant changes in their financial or business condition. If these third parties fail to deliver quality products, parts, and components on time and at reasonable prices, we could have difficulties fulfilling our orders, sales and profits could decline, and our commercial reputation could be damaged.
Our future success is significantly dependent on our ability to attract and retain management and executive management employees.

Our success depends to a significant extent upon our continued ability to retain our management and executive management employees and hire new management and executive management employees to replace, succeed, or add to members of our management team. Our management team has significant industry experience and would be difficult to replace. Competition for management talent is intense, and any difficulties we may have to retain or hire members of management to achieve our objectives may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.

Cybersecurity incidents and other disruptions affecting our information technology infrastructure or violations of data privacy laws have and could interfere with our operations, compromise confidential information, and expose us to liability which could materially adversely impact our business and reputation.

Cybersecurity attacks, threats, and breaches and other disruptions to our information technology infrastructure and/or the information technology infrastructure of our third-party suppliers or business partners could interfere with our operations; compromise information belonging to us, our employees, customers, and suppliers; and expose us to liabilities or penalties which could adversely impact our business and reputation. In the normal course of business, we rely on information 

14

Table of Contents

technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. Additionally, we collect and store certain data, including proprietary business information and customer and employee data, and may have access to confidential or personal information in certain of our businesses that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer-imposed controls. Specifically, we are subject to the laws of various states and countries where we operate or do business related to solicitation, collection, processing, transferring, storing, or use of consumer, customer, supplier, or employee information or related data, including the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation, the California Consumer Privacy Act, and China’s Personal Information Protection Law. In addition, certain countries in which we operate or do business have enacted or are considering enacting laws that impose additional data transfer restrictions. If countries in which we operate or do business were to adopt data localization or data residency laws, we could be required to implement new or expand existing data storage protocols, build new storage facilities, and/or devote additional resources to comply with the requirements of such laws, any of which could have significant implications to business operations and costs.

In addition to our own systems, we have outsourced, and expect to continue to outsource, certain information technology services—including cloud computing services and storage systems, system development, and information technology support services—which have in the past, and in the future may, subject our information technology and other sensitive information to additional risk. 
Our information technology networks and infrastructure, and the technology networks and infrastructure of our third-party suppliers and business partners, are vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attack by malicious actors with significant financial and technological resources, breaches, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, malware (such as computer viruses and ransomware), social engineering (i.e., phishing attacks), theft of system credentials, other increasingly sophisticated attacks, telecommunication or utility failures, systems failures, natural disasters, or other catastrophic events, which may require us to notify regulators, customers, or employees, and enlist identity theft protection in the event of a privacy breach. We continue to monitor and develop our systems to protect the integrity and functionality of our information technology infrastructure and access to and the security of our intellectual property and our employees’, customers’, and suppliers’ data. Cybersecurity breaches and other disruptions to our information technology infrastructure or the information technology infrastructure of our third-party suppliers and business partners, or violations of applicable laws, could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or penalties, disruption in operations, and damage to our reputation, which could materially adversely affect our business. While we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, attacks and threats to our information technology networks and infrastructure, including attempted cyber intrusions, to date none of these attacks and threats have had a material impact on our business or operations. Further, some of our employees have fully-remote or hybrid work arrangements, which may increase our vulnerability to cyber and other information technology risks.
Covenants in our debt instruments may adversely affect us.

Our five-year unsecured senior revolving credit facility (“Credit Facility”) contains financial and other covenants, such as a limit on the ratio of Consolidated Total Debt to Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Facility) and limits on the amount of subsidiary debt and incurrence of liens. Our outstanding notes’ indentures contain customary covenants including limits on incurrence of liens, sale and lease-back transactions, and our ability to consolidate, merge, and sell assets.
Although none of these covenants are presently restrictive to our operations, our continued ability to meet the Credit Facility financial covenant can be affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot provide assurance that we will continue to comply with the covenant. A breach of any of our covenants could result in a default under our Credit Facility or indentures. Upon the occurrence of certain defaults under our Credit Facility and indentures, the lenders or trustee could elect to declare all amounts outstanding thereunder to be immediately due and payable, and our lenders could terminate commitments to extend further credit under our Credit Facility. If the lenders or trustee accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we cannot provide assurance that we will have sufficient assets or access to lenders or capital markets to repay or fund the repayment of any amounts outstanding under our Credit Facility and our other affected indebtedness. Acceleration of any debt obligation under any of our material debt instruments may permit the holders or trustee of our other material debt to accelerate payment of debt obligations to the creditors thereunder.
The indentures governing our outstanding senior notes contain covenants that may require us to offer to buy back the notes for a price equal to 101% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the repurchase date, upon a change of control triggering event (as defined in the indentures). We cannot provide assurance that we will have sufficient funds available or access to funding to repurchase tendered notes in that event, which could result in a default under the 

15

Table of Contents

notes. Any future debt that we incur may contain covenants regarding repurchases in the event of a change of control triggering event.

The market price of our shares may fluctuate widely.

The market price of our shares may fluctuate widely, depending upon many factors, including:

·

our quarterly or annual earnings;

·

quarterly or annual sales or earnings guidance that we may provide or changes thereto;

·

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results;

·

volatility in financial markets and market fluctuations caused by global and regional economic conditions and investors’ concerns about potential risks to future economic growth;

·

changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates;

·

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations, or principles;

·

tax legislative and regulatory actions and proposals in the U.S., the EU, and other jurisdictions;

·

announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions or dispositions; and

·

the operating and stock price performance of comparable companies and companies that serve end markets important to our business.

Risks Relating to Strategic Transactions

Future acquisitions may not be successful.

We regularly evaluate the possible acquisition of strategic businesses, product lines, or technologies which have the potential to strengthen our market position or enhance our existing product offerings, and we have completed a number of acquisitions in recent years. We anticipate that we will continue to pursue acquisition opportunities as part of our growth strategy. We cannot provide assurance that we will identify or successfully complete transactions with acquisition candidates in the future. We also cannot provide assurance that completed acquisitions will be successful. Likewise, from time to time, we experience difficulty and unanticipated expenses associated with purchasing and integrating acquisitions, and acquisitions do not always perform and deliver the financial benefits expected. We have also experienced challenges at times following the acquisition of a new company or business, including, but not limited to, managing the operations, manufacturing facilities, and technology; maintaining and increasing the customer base; or retaining key employees, suppliers, or distributors. If an acquired business fails to operate as anticipated or cannot be successfully integrated with our existing business, our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
Future acquisitions could require us to issue additional debt or equity that may not be available on acceptable terms and could be dilutive.

If we were to make a substantial acquisition with cash, the acquisition may need to be financed in part through funding from banks, public offerings or private placements of debt or equity securities, or other arrangements. This acquisition financing might decrease our ratio of earnings to fixed charges and adversely affect other leverage measures. We cannot provide assurance that sufficient acquisition financing would be available to us on acceptable terms if and when required. If we were to complete an acquisition partially or wholly funded by issuing equity securities or equity-linked securities, the issued securities may have a dilutive effect on the interests of the holders of our shares.

16

Table of Contents

Divestitures of some of our businesses or product lines may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.

We continue to evaluate the strategic fit of specific businesses and products which may result in additional divestitures. Divestitures may result in significant write-offs, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. Divestitures could involve additional risks, including difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products, and personnel; the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns; the disruption of our business; and the potential loss of key employees. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in addressing these or any other significant risks encountered.
Risks Relating to Intellectual Property, Litigation, and Regulations

Our ability to compete effectively depends, in part, on our ability to maintain the proprietary nature of our products and technology.

The electronics industry is characterized by litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. Within this industry, companies have become more aggressive in asserting and defending patent claims against competitors. There can be no assurance that we will not be subject to future litigation alleging infringement or invalidity of certain of our intellectual property rights or that we will not have to pursue litigation to protect our property rights. Depending on the importance of the technology, product, patent, trademark, or trade secret in question, an unfavorable outcome regarding one of these matters may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
Litigation, regulatory actions, and compliance issues have and could subject us to fines, penalties, judgments, remediation costs, and/or other requirements that could cause a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.

In the normal course of business, we are or may be, from time to time, the subject of government or private litigation as a result of a number of factors and from various sources, including (i) reviews, requests for information, investigations, and proceedings (both formal and informal) by state and federal governmental agencies and (ii) litigation alleging the infringement of intellectual property rights, anti-competitive behavior, securities law violations, product liability, breach of contract, and employment-related claims. In certain circumstances, patent infringement and antitrust laws permit successful plaintiffs to recover treble damages. The defense of these lawsuits may divert our management’s attention, and we may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits. In addition, we may be required to pay damage awards or settlements, or become subject to injunctions or other equitable remedies, that could cause a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.

If any of our operations are found not to comply with applicable antitrust or competition laws or applicable trade regulations, our business may suffer.

Our operations are subject to applicable antitrust and competition laws in the jurisdictions in which we conduct our business, in particular the U.S. and the EU. These laws prohibit, among other things, anticompetitive agreements and practices. If any of our commercial agreements and practices with respect to the electronic components or other markets are found to violate or infringe such laws, we may be subject to civil and other penalties. We may also be subject to third-party claims for damages. Further, agreements that infringe these antitrust and competition laws may be void and unenforceable, in whole or in part, or require modification to be lawful and enforceable. If we are unable to enforce our commercial agreements, whether at all or in material part, our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
We also must comply with applicable trade regulations in the jurisdictions where we operate. A small portion of our products, including defense-related products, may require governmental import and export licenses, the issuance of which may be influenced by geopolitical and other events. Any failure to maintain compliance with trade regulations could limit our ability to import and export raw materials and finished goods into or from the relevant jurisdiction, which could negatively impact our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.

17

Table of Contents

We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom’s Bribery Act, and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws.

The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom’s Bribery Act, and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree, and in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. Despite our training and compliance program, we cannot provide assurance that our internal control policies and procedures will always protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents. Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.

Our operations expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities, litigation, government enforcement actions, and reputational risk.

We are subject to numerous federal, state, and local environmental protection and health and safety laws and regulations in the various countries where we operate and where our products are sold. These laws and regulations govern, among other things:

·

the generation, storage, use, and transportation and disposal of hazardous materials;

·

emissions or discharges of substances into the environment;

·

investigation and remediation of hazardous substances or materials at various sites;

·

GHG emissions;

·

product hazardous material content;

·

the health and safety of our employees; and

·

the importation of regulated or banned chemicals.

We may not have been, or we may not always be, in compliance with all environmental and health and safety laws and regulations. If we violate these laws, we could be fined, criminally charged, or otherwise sanctioned by regulators, including temporary closures of facilities. In addition, environmental and health and safety laws are becoming more stringent, resulting in increased costs and compliance requirements.
Certain environmental laws assess liability on current or previous owners or operators of real property for the costs of investigation, reporting, removal, and remediation of hazardous substances or materials at their properties or at properties at which they have disposed of or mishandled hazardous substances. Liability for investigation, reporting, removal, and remediation costs under certain regulatory regimes, such as U.S. federal and state laws, is retroactive, strict, and joint and several. In addition to cleanup actions brought by governmental authorities, private parties could bring personal injury or other claims due to the presence of, or exposure to, hazardous substances. We have received notifications from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, other environmental agencies, and third parties that conditions at a number of currently and formerly-owned or operated sites where we and others have disposed of or mishandled hazardous substances require investigation, cleanup, and other possible remedial action and require that we reimburse the government or otherwise pay for the costs of investigation and remediation and for natural resource damage claims from such sites. We also have independently investigated various sites and determined that further investigation and/or remediation is necessary.
While we plan for future capital and operating expenditures to maintain compliance with environmental laws, we cannot provide assurance that our costs of complying with current or future environmental protection and health and safety laws, or our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposures to, hazardous substances will not exceed our estimates or adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows or that we will not be subject to additional environmental claims for personal injury, property damage, damage to natural resources, and/or cleanup in the future based on our past, present, or future business activities.

18

Table of Contents

Our products are subject to various requirements related to chemical usage, hazardous material content, recycling, and other circular economy initiatives.

The EU, China, U.S., and other jurisdictions in which our products are sold have enacted or are proposing to enact laws addressing environmental and other impacts from product disposal, use of hazardous materials in products, use of chemicals in manufacturing, recycling of products at the end of their useful life, circular economy initiatives, and other related matters. These laws include but are not limited to the EU RoHS, End-of-Life Vehicle, and WEEE Directives; the EU REACH regulation; and the China RoHS regulation. These laws prohibit the use of certain substances in the manufacture of our products and directly and indirectly impose a variety of requirements for modification of manufacturing processes, registration, chemical testing, labeling, and other matters. These laws continue to proliferate and expand in these and other jurisdictions to address other materials and other aspects of our product manufacturing and sale. These laws could make the manufacture or sale of our products more expensive or impossible, could limit our ability to sell our products in certain jurisdictions, and could result in liability for product recalls, penalties, or other claims.
Risks Relating to Our Irish Jurisdiction of Incorporation

The laws of Ireland differ from the laws in effect in the U.S. and may afford less protection to holders of our securities.

It may not be possible to enforce court judgments obtained in the U.S. against us in Ireland, based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal or state securities laws. In addition, there is some uncertainty as to whether the courts of Ireland would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or our directors or officers based on the civil liabilities provisions of the U.S. federal or state securities laws or hear actions against us or those persons based on those laws. We have been advised that the U.S. currently does not have a treaty with Ireland providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any U.S. federal or state court based on civil liability, whether or not based solely on U.S. federal or state securities laws, would not automatically be enforceable in Ireland.
As an Irish company, we are governed by the Irish Companies Act 2014, which differs in some material respects from laws generally applicable to U.S. corporations and shareholders, including, among others, differences relating to interested director and officer transactions and shareholder lawsuits. Likewise, the duties of directors and officers of an Irish company generally are owed to the company only. Shareholders of Irish companies generally do not have a personal right of action against directors or officers of the company and may exercise such rights of action on behalf of the company only in limited circumstances. Accordingly, holders of our securities may have more difficulty protecting their interests than would holders of securities of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction of the U.S.
As an Irish public limited company, certain decisions related to our capital structure will require the approval of shareholders, which may limit our flexibility to manage our capital structure.

Irish law generally provides that a board of directors may allot and issue shares (or rights to subscribe for or convert into shares) without being required first to offer those shares to existing shareholders on a pro-rata basis, if authorized to do so by a company’s constitution or by resolution of shareholders. Such authorization may be granted in respect of up to the entirety of a company’s authorized but unissued share capital and for a maximum period of five years, at which point it must be renewed by another shareholder resolution. Our articles of association authorize our directors to allot shares up to the maximum of our authorized but unissued share capital for a period of five years from September 30, 2024. These authorizations will need to be renewed upon its expiration and at periodic intervals thereafter. Under Irish law, these authorities may be given for up to five years at each renewal, but governance considerations may result in renewals for shorter periods or in respect of less than the maximum permitted number of shares being sought or approved. 
Additionally, under Irish law, we may only pay dividends and, generally, make share repurchases and redemptions from distributable profits. Distributable profits may be created through our earnings or other methods (including certain intragroup reorganizations involving the capitalization of our undistributable profits and their subsequent reduction). While it is our intention to maintain a sufficient level of distributable profits in order to pay dividends on our ordinary shares and make share repurchases, there is no assurance that we will maintain the necessary level of distributable profits to do so.

19

Table of Contents

Provisions of our articles of association could delay or prevent a third-party’s effort to acquire us.

Our articles of association could delay, defer, or prevent a third party from acquiring us, despite the possible benefit to our shareholders, or otherwise adversely affect the price of our ordinary shares. In addition to our articles of association, several mandatory provisions of Irish law could prevent or delay an acquisition of us. We are also subject to various provisions of Irish law relating to mandatory bids, voluntary bids, requirements to make a cash offer, and minimum price requirements, as well as substantial acquisition rules and rules requiring the disclosure of interests in our shares in certain circumstances.
These provisions, whether alone or together, may discourage potential takeover attempts, discourage bids for our ordinary shares at a premium over the market price, or adversely affect the market price of, and the voting and other rights of the holders of, our ordinary shares. These provisions, whether alone or together, could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for our shareholders to elect directors other than the candidates nominated by our board.
Transfers of our ordinary shares may be subject to Irish stamp duty.

For the majority of transfers of our ordinary shares, there will not be any Irish stamp duty. A transfer of our ordinary shares from a seller who holds shares beneficially (i.e., through Depository Trust Company (“DTC”)) to a buyer who holds the acquired shares beneficially (i.e., through DTC), which is effected by the debit/credit of book-entry interests representing the shares through DTC, will not be subject to Irish stamp duty. However, a transfer of our ordinary shares by a seller who holds shares directly (i.e., not through DTC) to any buyer, or by a seller who holds the shares beneficially to a buyer who holds the acquired shares directly, may be subject to Irish stamp duty (currently at the rate of 1% of the price paid or the market value of the shares acquired, if higher). A shareholder who directly holds shares may transfer those shares into his or her own broker account to be held through DTC without giving rise to Irish stamp duty provided that the shareholder has confirmed to our transfer agent that there is no change in the beneficial ownership of the shares as a result of the transfer and the transfer into DTC is not effected in contemplation of a sale of such shares by the beneficial owner to a third party. Because of the potential Irish stamp duty on transfers of our ordinary shares, we strongly recommend that any person who wishes to acquire our ordinary shares acquire such shares through DTC.
We do not intend to pay any stamp duty levied on transfers of our shares on behalf of a buyer. However, our memorandum and articles of association allow us in our absolute discretion to pay (or to cause one of our affiliates to pay) any such stamp duty payable. In the event of any such payment, we will be entitled to (i) seek reimbursement from the buyer, (ii) set-off the amount of the stamp duty against future dividends on such shares, and (iii) claim a first and paramount lien on our ordinary shares acquired by such buyer and any dividends paid on such shares. Our directors have discretion to decline to register an instrument of transfer in the name of a buyer unless the instrument of transfer has been properly stamped (in circumstances where stamping is required).
Dividends you receive may be subject to Irish dividend withholding tax.

In certain circumstances, as an Irish tax resident company, we may be required to deduct Irish dividend withholding tax (currently at the rate of 25%) from dividends paid to our shareholders. Whether we will be required to deduct Irish dividend withholding tax from dividends paid to a shareholder will depend largely on whether the shareholder qualifies for an exemption from dividend withholding tax under Irish law and has provided a valid Dividend Withholding Tax (“DWT”) Form to his or her broker (in the case of the ordinary shares held beneficially), or to our transfer agent (in the case of the ordinary shares held directly).
Dividends received by investors could be subject to Irish income tax.

Dividends paid in respect of our ordinary shares generally are not subject to Irish income tax where the beneficial owner of these dividends is exempt from dividend withholding tax, unless the beneficial owner of the dividend has some connection with Ireland other than his or her shareholding in TE Connectivity plc.
TE shareholders who receive their dividends subject to Irish dividend withholding tax generally will have no further liability to Irish income tax on the dividend unless the beneficial owner of the dividend has some connection with Ireland other than his or her shareholding in TE Connectivity plc.

20

Table of Contents

Our ordinary shares received by means of a gift or inheritance could be subject to Irish capital acquisitions tax.

Irish capital acquisitions tax (“CAT”) could apply to a gift or inheritance of our ordinary shares irrespective of the place of residence, ordinary residence, or domicile of the parties. This is because our ordinary shares will be regarded as property situated in Ireland. The person who receives the gift or inheritance has primary liability for CAT. Gifts and inheritances passing between spouses are exempt from CAT. Children currently have a tax-free threshold of €400,000 per lifetime in respect of taxable gifts or inheritances received from their parents.
Legislation in the U.S. could adversely impact our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.

Various U.S. federal and state legislative proposals have been introduced in recent years that may negatively impact the growth of our business by denying government contracts to U.S. companies that have moved to lower-tax jurisdictions.
We expect the U.S. Congress to continue to consider implementation and/or expansion of policies that would restrict the federal and state governments from contracting with entities that have corporate locations abroad. We cannot predict the likelihood that, or final form in which, any such proposed legislation might become law, the nature of regulations that may be promulgated under any future legislative enactments, the effect such enactments and increased regulatory scrutiny may have on our business, or the outcome of any specific legislative proposals. Therefore, we cannot provide assurance that any such legislative action will not apply to us. In addition, we are unable to predict whether the final form of any potential legislation discussed above also would affect our indirect sales to U.S. federal or state governments or the willingness of our non-governmental customers to do business with us. As a result of these uncertainties, we are unable to assess the potential impact of any proposed legislation in this area and cannot provide assurance that the impact will not be materially adverse to us.