.

Risks Associated with the Sale of Our Connection Systems Segment 

The sale of Connection Systems may affect future results of operations or financial condition. 

We cannot assure you that the sale of Connection Systems will enable us to
achieve our goal of successfully focusing on our core business or that this strategic realignment will be beneficial to our business or financial condition. 

We have agreed with Amphenol Corporation to retain the responsibility for certain specific contingent liabilities related to the business, including
environmental liabilities, designated trade and customs liabilities and liabilities associated with certain pending litigation, and we may also be subject to potential claims by Amphenol that the representations and warranties we made about
Connection Systems were inaccurate. The resolution of these contingencies and claims may have a material adverse effect on our continuing results of operations or financial conditions. 

Risks Associated with Our Business 

We are subject to intense competition. 

We face significant competition throughout the world in each of our reportable segments. Some of our competitors have substantial financial and other
resources to pursue engineering, manufacturing, marketing and distribution of their products. We also face competition from internal suppliers at several of our customers. Some of our competitors have introduced or announced new products with
certain performance characteristics which may be considered equal or superior to those we currently offer. We expect our competitors to continue to improve the performance of their current products and to introduce new products or new technologies
that provide improved cost of ownership and performance characteristics. New product introductions by competitors could cause a decline in revenues or loss of market acceptance of our products. Moreover, increased competitive pressure could lead to
intensified price based competition, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

12 

Our business is dependent on the current and anticipated market for electronics, which historically has been highly
cyclical. 

Our business and results of operations
depend in significant part upon capital expenditures of manufacturers of semiconductors and other electronics, which in turn depend upon the current and anticipated market demand for those products. The market demand for electronics is impacted by
economic slowdowns and the effects of hostile acts. Historically, the electronics and semiconductor industry has been highly cyclical with recurring periods of over-supply, which often have had a severe negative effect on demand for test equipment,
including systems we manufacture and market. We believe that the markets for newer generations of electronic products such as those that we manufacture and market will also be subject to similar fluctuations. We may be particularly susceptible to
fluctuations due to the recent actions we have taken, such as the sale of Connection Systems, in order to focus on our core business. We are dependent on the timing of orders from our customers, and the deferral or cancellation of previous customer
orders could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We cannot assure that the level of revenues or new orders for a calendar quarter will be sustained in subsequent quarters. In addition, any factor adversely affecting the electronics
industry or particular segments within the electronics industry may adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Our operating results are likely to fluctuate significantly. 

Our annual operating results are affected by a wide variety of factors that could materially adversely affect revenues and profitability. 

The following factors are expected to impact future operations: 

•

competitive pressures on selling prices; 

•

our ability to introduce and the market acceptance of new products in 2006 and beyond; 

•

changes in product revenue mix resulting from changes in customer demand; 

•

the level of orders received which can be shipped in a quarter resulting from the tendency of customers to wait until late in a quarter to commit to purchase due to capital
expenditure approvals and constraints occurring at the end of a quarter, or the hope of obtaining more favorable pricing from a competitor seeking the business; 

•

engineering and development investments relating to new product introductions in 2006 and beyond, and the expansion of manufacturing, outsourcing and engineering operations in Asia;

•

the ability of our suppliers and subcontractors to meet product quality or delivery requirements needed to satisfy customer orders for our products, especially if product demand
increases rapidly; 

•

provisions for excess and obsolete inventory relating to the lack of demand for and the discontinuance of products; 

•

impairment charges for certain long-lived assets; and 

•

parallel or multi-site testing could lead to a decrease in the ultimate size of the market for our products. 

In particular, due to the introduction of a number of new, complex test
systems in 2004 and the ongoing introduction of related instrumentation, there can be no assurance that we will not experience delays in shipment of our products or that our products will achieve customer acceptance. 

As a result of the foregoing and other factors, we have and may continue to
experience material fluctuations in future operating results on a quarterly or annual basis which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and stock price. 

We are subject to risks of operating internationally. 

A significant portion of our total revenue is derived from customers outside
the United States. Our international sales and operations are subject to significant risks and difficulties, including: 

•

unexpected changes in legal and regulatory requirements affecting international markets; 

•

changes in tariffs and exchange rates; 

13 

•

social, political and economic instability, acts of terrorism and international conflicts; 

•

difficulties in protecting intellectual property; 

•

difficulties in accounts receivable collection; 

•

cultural differences in the conduct of business; 

•

difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; 

•

potentially adverse tax consequences; and 

•

compliance with customs regulations. 

In addition, an increasing portion of our products and the products we purchase from our suppliers are sourced or manufactured in foreign locations,
including China, and a large portion of the devices our products test are fabricated and tested by foundries and subcontractors in Taiwan, Singapore, China and other parts of Asia. As a result, we are subject to a number of economic and other risks,
particularly during times of political or financial instability in these regions. Disruption of manufacturing or supply sources in these international locations could materially adversely impact our ability to fill customer orders and potentially
result in lost business. 

If we fail to develop new technologies to adapt to our customers’ needs and if our customers fail to accept our new products, our revenues will be adversely affected. 

We believe that our technological position depends primarily on the
technical competence and creative ability of our engineers. In a rapidly evolving market, such as ours, the development of new technologies, commercialization of those technologies into products and market acceptance and customer demand for those
products are critical to our success. Successful product development, introduction and acceptance depend upon a number of factors, including: 

•

new product selection; 

•

ability to meet customer requirements; 

•

development of competitive products by competitors; 

•

timely and efficient completion of product design; 

•

timely and efficient implementation of manufacturing and manufacturing processes; 

•

timely remediation of product performance issues, if any, identified during testing; 

•

assembly processes and product performance at customer locations; 

•

differentiation of our products from our competitors’ products; and 

•

management of customer expectations concerning product capabilities and product life cycles. 

If our suppliers do not meet product or delivery requirements, we could have reduced revenues and earnings. 

Certain components, including semiconductor chips, may be in short supply
from time to time because of high industry demand or the inability of some vendors to consistently meet our quality or delivery requirements. Approximately 30% of material purchases require some custom work where having multiple suppliers would be
cost prohibitive. If any of our suppliers were to cancel contracts or commitments or fail to meet the quality or delivery requirements needed to satisfy customer orders for our products, we could lose time-sensitive customer orders and have
significantly decreased revenues and earnings, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we rely on contract manufacturers for certain subsystems used in our products, and
our ability to meet customer orders for those products depends upon the timeliness and quality of the work performed by these subcontractors, over whom we do not exercise any control. 

We are also dependent on the financial strength of our suppliers and may be subject to litigation arising from our
relationships with suppliers and others. There can be no assurance that the loss of suppliers either as a result of financial viability, bankruptcy or otherwise will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or
financial condition. 

14 

We may not be able to adequately address a rapid increase in customer demand. 

Because we took measures during the past few years to scale back operations
and reduce expenses in response to decreased customer demand for our products and services, we may not be able to satisfy a rapid increase in customer demand. Our ability to meet rapid increases in customer demand is also, to a certain extent,
dependant upon the ability of our suppliers and contractors to meet increased product or delivery requirements, many of which have also implemented cost reduction strategies and over which we have little or no control. 

We have significant guarantees and indemnification obligations. 

From time to time we make guarantees to customers regarding the performance
of our products and guarantee certain indebtedness or performance obligations of our subsidiary and affiliate companies. We also have agreed to provide indemnification to our officers, directors, employees and agents, to the extent permitted by law,
arising from certain events or occurrences while the officer, director, employee or agent, is or was serving at our request in such capacity. If we become liable under any of these obligations, it could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and operating results. For additional information regarding see “Note J: Commitments and Contingencies—Guarantees and Indemnification Obligations” in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

We have taken measures to ensure that we are prepared to address slowdowns in the
market for our products, which could have long-term negative effects on our business. 

We have taken, and continue to take, measures to ensure that we are prepared to address slowdowns in the market for our products. These measures include several reductions in our workforce, a planned consolidation and
relocation of our headquarters to our North Reading, Massachusetts facility in 2006, closing and/or selling facilities, discontinuing certain product lines, implementing material cost reduction programs and reducing planned capital expenditures and
expense budgets. We cannot assure you that measures we have taken will not impair our ability to effectively develop and market products, to remain competitive in the industries in which we compete, to operate effectively and to operate profitably
during slowdowns. Each measure we have taken could have long-term negative effects on our business by reducing our pool of technical talent, decreasing or slowing improvements in our products, and making it more difficult to hire and retain talented
individuals and respond to customers or competitors. 

We are required to
account for stock compensation awards under our employee stock plans as a compensation expense, which will adversely affect our operating results. 

Beginning in the first quarter of our 2006 fiscal year, we have implemented the new expense recognition standard of Financial Accounting Standards Boards
(“FASB”), SFAS No. 123R (revised 2004), “Share-Based Payment” (“SFAS 123R”). Under SFAS 123R, we are required to record in our statement of operations, equity-based compensation expense for stock compensation
awards, including stock options, based on the fair value of the equity instrument at the time of grant. In the year ended December 31, 2005, we disclosed pro forma compensation expense quarterly and annually by calculating the grants’ fair
value and disclosing the impact on (loss) income from continuing operations and (loss) income from continuing operations per share in a footnote to the consolidated financial statements. SFAS 123R or any other future laws and regulations requiring
us to record the fair value of all stock compensation awards as compensation expense in our consolidated statement of operations will adversely affect operating results. “Note B: Accounting Policies,” of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements reflects the impact that such a change in accounting treatment would have had on (loss) income from continuing operations and (loss) income from continuing operations per share if it had been in effect during the year ended
December 31, 2005. The implementation of SFAS 123R will result in pre-tax expense of approximately $7.0 million in the first quarter of 2006, and approximately $28 million for the year ended December 31, 2006.

15 

We may incur significant liabilities if we fail to comply with environmental regulations. 

We are subject to both domestic and international environmental regulations
and statutory strict liability relating to the use, storage, discharge, site cleanup and disposal of hazardous chemicals used in our manufacturing processes. If we fail to comply with present and future regulations, or are required to perform site
remediation, we could be subject to future liabilities or the suspension of production. Present and future regulations may also: 

•

restrict our ability to expand facilities; 

•

restrict our ability to ship certain products into the European Union; 

•

require us to modify our operations logistics; 

•

require us to acquire costly equipment; or 

•

require us to incur other significant costs and expenses. 

Pursuant to present regulations and agreements, we are conducting groundwater and subsurface assessment and monitoring and are implementing remediation
and corrective action plans for facilities located in California, Massachusetts and New Hampshire which are no longer conducting manufacturing operations. As of December 31, 2005, we have not incurred material costs as result of the monitoring
and remediation steps taken at the California, Massachusetts and New Hampshire sites. 

On January 27, 2003, the European Union adopted the following directives: (i) the directive on the Restriction of the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment (the
“RoHS Directive”); and (ii) the directive on Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (the “WEEE Directive”). Both the RoHS Directive and the WEEE Directive will alter the form and manner in which electronic equipment is
imported, sold and handled in the European Union. Ensuring compliance with the RoHS Directive and the WEEE Directive and integrating compliance activities with our suppliers could result in additional costs and disruption to operations and logistics
and thus, could have a negative impact on our business, operations and financial condition. For example, early compliance with the RoHS Directive by any of our suppliers could force Teradyne to participate in last time buy programs and to accelerate
end of life timetables for existing products, each of which results in additional costs for Teradyne and disrupts existing operations and logistics. The WEEE Directive became effective August 13, 2005 and the RoHS Directive will become
effective on July 6, 2006. 

We currently are and in the future may
be subject to litigation that could have an adverse effect on our business. 

From time to time, we may be subject to litigation or other administrative and governmental proceedings that could require significant management time and resources and cause us to incur expenses and, in the event of
an adverse decision, pay damages in an amount that could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. 

For example, in connection with our August 2000 acquisition of each of Herco Technology Corp. and Perception Laminates, Inc., a complaint was filed on or
about September 5, 2001 and is now pending, on appeal, before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit by the former owners of those companies naming as defendants Teradyne and two of our then executive officers. Additionally, in 2001,
we were designated as a “potentially responsible party” at a clean-up site in Los Angeles, California. This claim also arises out of our acquisition of Perception Laminates in August 2000. Prior to that date, Perception Laminates had
itself acquired certain assets of Alco Industries Inc. under an asset purchase agreement dated October 20, 1992. These matters are further described in “Item 3: Legal Proceedings.” 

16 

If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, we may lose a valuable asset or may incur costly litigation
to protect our rights. 

We protect the technology that
is incorporated in our products (“IP”) in several ways, including through patent, copyright, and trade secret protection and by contractual agreement. However, even with these protections, our IP may still be challenged, invalidated or
subject to other infringement actions. While we believe that our IP has value in the aggregate, no single element of our IP is in itself essential. If a significant portion of our IP is invalidated or ineffective, our business could be materially
adversely affected. In addition, we receive notifications from time to time that we may be in violation of patents held by others. An assertion of patent infringement against us, if successful, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to
sell our products, or require a significant use of management resources and necessitate a lengthy and expensive defense which could adversely affect our operating results. 

Our business may suffer if we are unable to attract and retain key employees. 

Competition for employees with skills we require is intense in the high
technology industry. Our success will depend on our ability to attract and retain key technical employees. The loss of one or more key or other employees, a decrease in our inability to attract additional qualified employees, or the delay in hiring
key personnel could each have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Our business is impacted by worldwide economic cycles, which are difficult to predict. 

Capital equipment providers in the electronics and semiconductor industries, such as Teradyne, have, in the past, been
negatively impacted by sudden slowdowns in the global economies, and resulting reductions in customer capital investments. The duration of slowdowns in global economies and reductions in customer capital investments, which may adversely impact our
business, are difficult to predict. 

Acts of war, terrorist attacks and
the threat of domestic and international terrorist attacks may adversely impact our business. 

Acts of war and terrorist attacks may cause damage or disruption to our employees, facilities, customers, suppliers and distributors which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operation or financial condition. As we and our suppliers sell and manufacture products both in the United States and internationally, the threat of future terrorist attacks could lead to changes
in security and operations at these locations which could increase our operating costs and which may adversely affect our business. Such conflicts may also cause damage or disruption to transportation and communication systems. All of these
conditions make it difficult for us, and our customers, to accurately forecast and plan future business activities and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Provisions of our charter and by-laws and Massachusetts law make a takeover of Teradyne
more difficult. 

Our basic corporate documents, our
stockholder rights plan and Massachusetts law contain provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control, even if a change in control might be regarded as beneficial to some or all of our stockholders.