Risks Associated with Our Business

The risks described below are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to
us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. 

Our business is impacted by worldwide economic cycles, which are difficult to predict. 

Capital equipment providers in the electronics and semiconductor industries, such as Teradyne, have, in the past, been negatively impacted
by sudden slowdowns in the global economies, and resulting reductions in customer capital investments. The duration of slowdowns in customer capital investments are difficult to predict. 

The global economy and financial markets experienced disruption in 2009, including, among other things, extreme volatility in security
prices, severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, rating downgrades of certain investments and declining valuations of others. We are unable to predict the likely duration and severity of disruptions in financial markets, credit
availability, and adverse economic conditions throughout the world. These economic developments affect businesses such as ours and those of our customers and vendors in a number of ways that could result in unfavorable consequences to us. Disruption
and deterioration in economic conditions may reduce customer purchases of our products, thereby reducing our revenues and earnings. In addition, such adverse decline in economic conditions may, among other things, result in increased price
competition for our products, increased risk of excess and obsolete inventories, increased risk in the collectability of our accounts receivable from our customers, increased risk in potential reserves for doubtful accounts and write-offs of
accounts receivable, and higher operating costs as a percentage of revenues. 

9 

Table of Contents

In 2009 and 2008, we took actions to address the effects of the economic crisis, including
implementing cost control and reduction measures. If our business has another downturn, we may need to take further cost control and reduction measures. 

Our business is dependent on the current and anticipated market for electronics, which historically has been highly cyclical. 

Our business and results of operations depend in significant part upon capital expenditures of manufacturers of semiconductors and other
electronics, which in turn depend upon the current and anticipated market demand for those products. As evidenced by our 2009 and 2008 business and results of operations, the market demand for electronics is impacted by economic slowdowns.
Historically, the electronics and semiconductor industry has been highly cyclical with recurring periods of over-supply, which often have had a severe negative effect on demand for test equipment, including systems we manufacture and market. We
believe that the markets for newer generations of electronic products such as those that we manufacture and market will also be subject to similar fluctuations. We are dependent on the timing of orders from our customers, and the deferral or
cancellation of previous customer orders could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We cannot ensure that the level of revenues or new orders for a fiscal quarter will be sustained in subsequent quarters. In addition, any factor
adversely affecting the electronics industry or particular segments within the electronics industry may adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We are subject to intense competition. 

We face significant
competition throughout the world in each of our reportable segments. Some of our competitors have substantial financial and other resources to pursue engineering, manufacturing, marketing and distribution of their products. We also face competition
from emerging Asian equipment companies and internal development at several of our customers. Some of our competitors have introduced or announced new products with certain performance characteristics which may be considered equal or superior to
those we currently offer. We expect our competitors to continue to improve the performance of their current products and to introduce new products or new technologies that provide improved cost of ownership and performance characteristics. New
product introductions by competitors could cause a decline in revenues or loss of market acceptance of our products. 

The
potential mergers between Verigy and LTX-Credence or between Advantest and Verigy may result in a combined company that may be a stronger competitor in certain markets. Moreover, increased competitive pressure resulting from one of these mergers
could lead to intensified price based competition, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our operating results are likely to fluctuate significantly. 

Our
operating results are affected by a wide variety of factors that could materially adversely affect revenues and profitability. The following factors are expected to impact future operations: 

•

 a worldwide economic slowdown or disruption in the global financial markets; 

•

 competitive pressures on selling prices; 

•

 our ability to introduce, and the market acceptance of, new products; 

•

 changes in product revenue mix resulting from changes in customer demand; 

•

 the level of orders received which can be shipped in a quarter because of the tendency of customers to wait until late in a quarter to commit to
purchase due to capital expenditure approvals and constraints occurring at the end of a quarter, or the hope of obtaining more favorable pricing from a competitor seeking the business; 

•

 engineering and development investments relating to new product introductions, and the expansion of manufacturing, outsourcing and engineering
operations in Asia; 

10 

Table of Contents

•

 provisions for excess and obsolete inventory relating to the lack of demand for and the discontinuance of products; 

•

 impairment charges for certain long-lived and intangible assets and goodwill; 

•

 parallel or multi-site testing could lead to a decrease in the ultimate size of the market for our products; and 

•

 the ability of our suppliers and subcontractors to meet product quality or delivery requirements needed to satisfy customer orders for our products,
especially if product demand continues to increase. 

As a result of the foregoing and other factors, we have
experienced and may continue to experience material fluctuations in future operating results on a quarterly or annual basis which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and stock price. 

We are subject to risks of operating internationally. 

A significant portion of our total revenue is derived from customers outside the United States. Our international sales and operations are subject to significant risks and difficulties, including:

•

 unexpected changes in legal and regulatory requirements affecting international markets; 

•

 changes in tariffs and exchange rates; 

•

 social, political and economic instability, acts of terrorism and international conflicts; 

•

 difficulties in protecting intellectual property; 

•

 difficulties in accounts receivable collection; 

•

 cultural differences in the conduct of business; 

•

 difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; and 

•

 compliance with customs regulations. 

In addition, an increasing portion of our products and the products we purchase from our suppliers are sourced or manufactured in foreign locations, including China, and a large portion of the devices our
products test are fabricated and tested by foundries and subcontractors in Taiwan, Singapore, China and other parts of Asia. As a result, we are subject to a number of economic and other risks, particularly during times of political or financial
instability in these regions. Disruption of manufacturing or supply sources in these international locations could materially adversely impact our ability to fill customer orders and potentially result in lost business. 

If we fail to develop new technologies to adapt to our customers’ needs and if our customers fail to accept our new products, our revenues
will be adversely affected. 

We believe that our technological position depends primarily on the technical competence
and creative ability of our engineers. In a rapidly evolving market, such as ours, the development of new technologies, commercialization of those technologies into products and market acceptance and customer demand for those products are critical
to our success. Successful product development, introduction and acceptance depend upon a number of factors, including: 

•

 new product selection; 

•

 ability to meet customer requirements; 

•

 development of competitive products by competitors; 

•

 timely and efficient completion of product design; 

•

 timely and efficient implementation of manufacturing and manufacturing processes; 

11 

Table of Contents

•

 timely remediation of product performance issues, if any, identified during testing; 

•

 assembly processes and product performance at customer locations; 

•

 differentiation of our products from our competitors’ products; 

•

 management of customer expectations concerning product capabilities and product life cycles; 

•

 ability to attract and retain technical talent; and 

•

 innovation that does not infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties. 

If our suppliers do not meet product or delivery requirements, we could have reduced revenues and earnings. 

Certain components, including semiconductor chips, may be in short supply from time to time because of high industry demand or the
inability of some vendors to consistently meet our quality or delivery requirements. Approximately 30% of material purchases require some custom work where having multiple suppliers would be cost prohibitive. If any of our suppliers were to cancel
contracts or commitments or fail to meet the quality or delivery requirements needed to satisfy customer orders for our products, we could lose time-sensitive customer orders and have significantly decreased revenues and earnings, which would have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we rely on contract manufacturers for certain subsystems used in our products, and our ability to meet customer orders for those products depends
upon the timeliness and quality of the work performed by these subcontractors, over whom we do not exercise any control. 

To a
certain extent, we are dependent upon the ability of our suppliers and contractors to help meet increased product or delivery requirements. It may be difficult for certain suppliers to meet delivery requirements in a period of rapid growth,
therefore impacting our ability to meet our customers’ demands. 

We rely on the financial strength of our suppliers.
There can be no assurance that the loss of suppliers either as a result of financial viability, bankruptcy or otherwise will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Our operations may be adversely impacted if our outsourced contract manufacturers or service providers fail to perform

. 

We depend on Flextronics International Ltd. (“Flextronics”) to manufacture and test our FLEX and J750 family
of products from its facility in China. If for any reason Flextronics cannot provide us with these products in a timely fashion, or at all, we may not be able to sell these products to our customers until we enter a similar arrangement with an
alternative contract manufacturer. If we experience a problem with our supply of products from Flextronics, it may take us significant time to either manufacture the product or find an alternate contract manufacturer, which could result in
substantial expense and disruption to our business. 

We have also outsourced a number of our general and administrative
functions, including information technology, to reputable service providers, many of which are in foreign countries, sometimes impacting communication with them because of language and time difficulties. Their presence in foreign countries also
increases the risk they could be exposed to political risk. Additionally, there may be difficulties encountered in coordinating the outsourced operations with existing functions and operations. If we fail in successfully coordinating and managing
the outsourced service providers, it may cause an adverse effect on our operations which could result in a decline in our stock price. 

We may not fully realize the benefits of our acquisitions or strategic alliances. 

In January 2008, we acquired Nextest, and in November 2008, we acquired Eagle Test. We may continue to acquire additional businesses, form
strategic alliances or create joint ventures with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our existing businesses. We may not be able to realize the expected synergies and 

12 

Table of Contents

cost savings from the integration with our existing operations of other businesses or technologies that we may acquire. In addition, the integration process for our acquisitions may be complex,
costly and time consuming and include unanticipated issues, expenses and liabilities. We may have difficulty in developing, manufacturing and marketing the products of a newly acquired company in a manner that enhances the performance of our
combined businesses or product lines and allows us to realize value from expected synergies. Following an acquisition, we may not achieve the revenue or net income levels that justify the acquisition. Acquisitions may also result in one-time charges
(such as acquisition-related expenses, write-offs or restructuring charges) or in the future, impairment of goodwill, that adversely affect our operating results. Additionally, we may fund acquisitions of new businesses, strategic alliances or joint
ventures by utilizing our cash, raising debt, issuing shares of our common stock, or by other means. 

We have increased our
indebtedness. 

On April 6, 2009, we completed a registered underwritten offering of $190.0 million aggregate
principal amount of 4.50% Convertible Senior Notes (the “Notes”) due March 15, 2014 and received net proceeds of approximately $163.0 million. We used approximately $123.3 million of the net proceeds of this offering to repay all
amounts outstanding under our revolving credit facility. Although we are no longer subject to the restrictive covenants under the revolving credit facility, we have incurred approximately $190.0 million principal amount of new indebtedness that the
holders of the Notes may require us to repurchase upon the occurrence of certain fundamental changes involving the Company. In addition, on March 31, 2009, our wholly-owned subsidiary in Japan, Teradyne K.K., incurred approximately $10.0
million in indebtedness that we guaranteed. The level of our indebtedness, among other things, could: 

•

 make it difficult to make payments on our other obligations; 

•

 make it difficult to obtain any necessary future financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements or other purposes;

•

 require the dedication of a substantial portion of any cash flow from operations to service for indebtedness, thereby reducing the amount of cash flow
available for other purposes, including capital expenditures; and 

•

 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industries in which we compete. 

Our convertible note hedge and warrant transactions could impact the value of our stock. 

Concurrent with the offering of the Notes, we entered into a convertible note hedge transaction with Goldman, Sachs & Co. (the
“hedge counterparty”) with a strike price equal to the initial conversion price of the Notes. The convertible note hedges cover, subject to customary antidilution adjustments, approximately 34,703,196 shares of our common stock.

Separately and concurrent with the pricing of the Notes, we entered into a warrant transaction with the hedge counterparty
with a strike price of $7.6650 per share, which was 75% higher than the closing price of our common stock on March 31, 2009. The warrants will be net share settled and cover, subject to customary antidilution adjustments, approximately
31,963,470 shares of our common stock. On April 1, 2009, the hedge counterparty exercised its option to purchase warrants covering, subject to customary antidilution adjustments, an additional 2,739,726 shares of our common stock. However, we
will not be obligated to deliver to the hedge counterparty more than 34,526,500 shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants (which amount represented less than 19.99% of our outstanding shares of common stock as of March 31, 2009,
without giving effect to any shares of common stock issuable pursuant to the warrant transaction), subject to customary antidilution adjustments. 

The convertible note hedges are expected to reduce the potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of the Notes. However, the warrant transaction could separately have a dilutive effect to
the extent 

13 

Table of Contents

that the market value per share of our common stock exceeds the applicable strike price of the warrant. The net cost of the convertible note hedge transaction to us, after being partially offset
by the proceeds from the sale of the warrants, was approximately $21.7 million. 

In connection with establishing its initial
hedge of these convertible note hedge and warrant transactions, the hedge counterparty has entered into various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock and/or purchased shares of our common stock or other securities, including the
Notes, concurrent with, or shortly after, the pricing of the Notes. In addition, the hedge counterparty may modify its hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock or by selling our
common stock or other securities, including the Notes, in secondary market transactions (and may do so during any observation period related to the conversion of the Notes). These activities could adversely impact the value of our common stock and
the Notes. 

We have taken measures to significantly lower our fixed costs, which could have long-term negative effects on our business
or impact our ability to adequately address a rapid increase in customer demand. 

We have taken measures to address
slowdowns in the market for our products. These measures include shifting more of our operations to lower cost regions, outsourcing manufacturing processes, divesting of certain businesses, implementing material cost reduction programs, reducing the
number of our employees, and reducing planned capital expenditures and expense budgets. We cannot ensure that the measures we have taken will not impair our ability to effectively develop and market products, to remain competitive in the industries
in which we compete, to operate effectively, to operate profitably during slowdowns or to effectively meet a rapid increase in customer demand. These measures may have long-term negative effects on our business by reducing our pool of technical
talent, decreasing or slowing improvements in our products, making it more difficult to hire and retain talented individuals and to quickly respond to customers or competitors in an upward cycle. 

We may incur significant liabilities if we fail to comply with environmental regulations. 

We are subject to both domestic and international environmental regulations and statutory strict liability relating to the use, storage,
discharge, site cleanup and disposal of hazardous chemicals used in our manufacturing processes. If we fail to comply with present and future regulations, or are required to perform site remediation, we could be subject to future liabilities or
cost, including penalties or the suspension of production. Present and future regulations may also: 

•

 restrict our ability to expand facilities; 

•

 restrict our ability to ship certain products into the European Union or elsewhere; 

•

 require us to modify our operations logistics; 

•

 require us to acquire costly equipment; or 

•

 require us to incur other significant costs and expenses. 

Pursuant to present regulations and agreements, we are conducting groundwater and subsurface assessment and monitoring and are implementing remediation and corrective action plans for facilities located
in California, Massachusetts and New Hampshire which are no longer conducting manufacturing operations. As of December 31, 2010, we have not incurred material costs as result of the monitoring and remediation steps taken at the California,
Massachusetts and New Hampshire sites. 

On January 27, 2003, the European Union adopted the following directives:
(i) the directive on the Restriction of the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment (the “RoHS Directive”); and (ii) the directive on Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (the “WEEE
Directive”). The WEEE Directive became effective August 13, 2005 and the RoHS Directive became effective on July 6, 2006. 

14 

Table of Contents

Both the RoHS Directive and the WEEE Directive alter the form and manner in which electronic equipment is imported, sold and handled in the European Union. Other jurisdictions, such as China,
have followed the European Union’s lead in enacting legislation with respect to hazardous substances and waste removal. Ensuring compliance with the RoHS Directive, the WEEE Directive and similar legislation in other jurisdictions, and
integrating compliance activities with our suppliers and customers could result in additional costs and disruption to operations and logistics and thus, could have a negative impact on our business, operations and financial condition. 

We currently are and in the future may be subject to litigation that could have an adverse effect on our business. 

From time to time, we may be subject to litigation or other administrative and governmental proceedings that could require significant
management time and resources and cause us to incur expenses and, in the event of an adverse decision, pay damages in an amount that could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. 

Third parties may claim we are infringing their intellectual property and we could suffer significant litigation costs, licensing expenses or be
prevented from selling our products. 

We have been sued for patent infringement in the past and receive notifications
from time to time that we may be in violation of patents held by others. An assertion of patent infringement against us, if successful, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to sell our product or it could force us to seek a license to
the intellectual property rights of others or alter such products so that they no longer infringe the intellectual property rights of others. A license could be very expensive to obtain or may not be available at all. Similarly, changing our
products or processes to avoid infringing the rights of others may be costly or impractical. Additionally, patent litigation could require a significant use of management resources and involve a lengthy and expensive defense, even if we eventually
prevail. If we do not prevail, we might be forced to pay significant damages, obtain licenses, modify our products, or stop making our products; each of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results.

We may incur higher tax rates than we expect and may have exposure to additional international tax liabilities and costs.

We are subject to paying income taxes in the United States and various other countries where we operate. Our effective
tax rate is dependent on where our earnings are generated and the tax regulations and the interpretation and judgment of administrative tax or revenue entities in the United States and other countries. We have pursued a global tax strategy which
could adversely be affected by our failure to expand operations or earnings in certain countries, the mix of earnings and tax rates in the countries where we operate, changes to tax laws or an adverse tax ruling by administrative entities. We are
also subject to tax audits in the countries where we operate. Any material assessment resulting from an audit from an administrative tax or revenue entity could also negatively affect our financial results. 

As a multinational corporation, we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, in both the United States and various
foreign jurisdictions. In certain foreign jurisdictions, we qualify for tax incentives based on our ability to meet, on a continuing basis, various tests relating to our employment levels, research and development expenditures and other
qualification requirements in a particular foreign jurisdiction. While we intend to operate in such a manner to maintain and maximize our tax incentives, no assurance can be given that we have so qualified or that we will so qualify for any
particular year or jurisdiction. If we fail to qualify and to remain qualified for certain foreign tax incentives, we may be subject to further taxation or an increase in our effective tax rate which would adversely impact our financial results. In
addition, we may incur additional costs, including headcount expenses, in order to obtain or maintain a foreign tax incentive in a particular foreign jurisdiction. 

15 

Table of Contents

We have significant guarantees and indemnification obligations. 

From time to time, we make guarantees to customers regarding the performance of our products and guarantee certain indebtedness,
performance obligations or lease commitments of our subsidiary and affiliate companies. We also have agreed to provide indemnification to our officers, directors, employees and agents, to the extent permitted by law, arising from certain events or
occurrences while the officer, director, employee or agent, is or was serving at our request in such capacity. If we become liable under any of these obligations, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and
operating results. For additional information see “Note I: Commitments and Contingencies—Guarantees and Indemnification Obligations” in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

If we are unable to protect our intellectual property (“IP”), we may lose a valuable asset or may incur costly litigation to protect our
rights. 

We protect the technology that is incorporated in our products in several ways, including through patent,
copyright, and trade secret protection and by contractual agreement. However, even with these protections, our IP may still be challenged, invalidated or subject to other infringement actions. While we believe that our IP has value in the aggregate,
no single element of our IP is in itself essential. If a significant portion of our IP is invalidated or ineffective, our business could be materially adversely affected. 

Our business may suffer if we are unable to attract and retain key employees. 

Competition for employees with skills we require is intense in the high technology industry. Our success will depend on our ability to attract and retain key technical employees. The loss of one or more
key or other employees, a decrease in our inability to attract additional qualified employees, or the delay in hiring key personnel could each have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

We may have additional pension funding obligations as a result of the weak performance of financial markets and its effect on plan assets.

Our future funding obligations for our U.S. defined benefit pension plan qualified with the Internal Revenue Service
(“IRS”) depend upon the future performance of assets for this plan, the level of interest rates used to determine funding levels, the level of benefits provided for by the plans and any changes in government laws and regulations. Our U.S.
defined benefit pension plan currently holds a significant amount of fixed income and equity securities. As of December 31, 2010, our U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plan had a funded status of approximately 104%. Due to significant declines
in financial markets and deterioration in the value of our plan assets in 2008, we made additional discretionary contributions to our U.S. Defined Benefit Pension Plan in 2009 and 2010 and may have to make additional contributions in future
reporting periods, which may negatively affect our cash flow. 

Acts of war, terrorist attacks and the threat of domestic and
international terrorist attacks may adversely impact our business. 

Acts of war and terrorist attacks may cause damage
or disruption to our employees, facilities, customers, suppliers and distributors which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation or financial condition. We, as well as our outsourced manufacturing providers and our
suppliers, sell and manufacture products both in the United States and internationally, the threat of future terrorist attacks could lead to changes in security and operations at these locations which could increase our operating costs and which may
adversely affect our business. Such conflicts may also cause damage or disruption to transportation and communication systems. We have completed some emergency preparedness planning and have a business continuity plan in case some of these events
occur. However, we cannot be certain that our plans will be effective in the event of a disaster or other situation. All of these conditions make it difficult for us, and our customers, to accurately forecast and plan future business activities and
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

16 

Table of Contents

Provisions of our charter and by-laws and Massachusetts law make a takeover of Teradyne more
difficult. 

There are provisions in our basic corporate documents and under Massachusetts law that could discourage,
delay or prevent a change in control, even if a change in control may be regarded as beneficial to some or all of our stockholders.