. 

Risks Associated with Our
Business 

The risks described below are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or
that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. 

Our
business is impacted by worldwide economic cycles, which are difficult to predict. 

Capital equipment providers in the electronics
and semiconductor industries, such as Teradyne, have, in the past, been negatively impacted by sudden slowdowns in the global economies, and resulting reductions in customer capital investments. The duration of slowdowns in customer capital
investments are difficult to predict. 

The global economy and financial markets have been experiencing extreme disruption in recent months,
including, among other things, extreme volatility in security prices, severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, rating downgrades of certain investments and declining valuations of others. Governments have taken historic actions
intended to address extreme market conditions that include severely restricted credit. There may be a further deterioration in financial markets and confidence in major economies. We are unable to predict the likely duration and severity of the
current disruptions in financial markets, credit availability, and adverse economic conditions throughout the world. These economic developments affect businesses such as ours and those of our customers and vendors in a number of ways that could
result in unfavorable consequences to us. Further disruption and deterioration in economic conditions may further reduce customer purchases of our products, thereby reducing our revenues and earnings. In addition, such adverse economic conditions
may, among other things, result in increased price competition for our products, increased risk of excess and obsolete 

10 

inventories, increased risk in the collectability of our accounts receivable from our customers, increased risk in potential reserves for doubtful accounts
and write-offs of accounts receivable, and higher operating costs as a percentage of revenues. We are taking actions to address the effects of the current economic crisis, including implementing cost control and reduction measures, such as the
reduction in force we announced on January 28, 2009. It is possible that we may experience difficulties in successfully implementing these cost controls and reduction measures in a timely manner or at all, and that we may experience delays and
unexpected costs and expenses in implementing the reduction plan. Because of these and other factors, we cannot predict whether these cost control and reduction measures will be sufficient to offset certain of the negative trends that might affect
our business. 

Our business is dependent on the current and anticipated market for electronics, which historically has been highly cyclical. 

Our business and results of operations depend in significant part upon capital expenditures of manufacturers of semiconductors and other
electronics, which in turn depend upon the current and anticipated market demand for those products. As evidenced by our current business and results of operations, the market demand for electronics is impacted by economic slowdowns. Historically,
the electronics and semiconductor industry has been highly cyclical with recurring periods of over-supply, which often have had a severe negative effect on demand for test equipment, including systems we manufacture and market. We believe that the
markets for newer generations of electronic products such as those that we manufacture and market will also be subject to similar fluctuations. We are dependent on the timing of orders from our customers, and the deferral or cancellation of previous
customer orders could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We cannot assure that the level of revenues or new orders for a calendar quarter will be sustained in subsequent quarters. In addition, any factor adversely affecting the
electronics industry or particular segments within the electronics industry may adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. The current economic environment has adversely affected our business, financial condition and
operating results. We are actively taking steps to minimize the impact of this downturn but we cannot be certain those steps will have the desired impact, or of how long the downturn will continue and when our results will improve, if at all.

We are subject to intense competition. 

We face significant competition throughout the world in each of our reportable segments. Some of our competitors have substantial financial and other resources to pursue engineering, manufacturing, marketing and distribution of their
products. We also face competition from internal suppliers at several of our customers. Some of our competitors have introduced or announced new products with certain performance characteristics which may be considered equal or superior to those we
currently offer. We expect our competitors to continue to improve the performance of their current products and to introduce new products or new technologies that provide improved cost of ownership and performance characteristics. New product
introductions by competitors could cause a decline in revenues or loss of market acceptance of our products. Moreover, increased competitive pressure could lead to intensified price based competition, which could materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our operating results are likely to fluctuate significantly. 

Our operating results are affected by a wide variety of factors that could materially adversely affect revenues and profitability. 

The following factors are expected to impact future operations: 

•

 the current worldwide economic slowdown and extreme disruption in the global financial markets; 

•

 competitive pressures on selling prices; 

•

 our ability to introduce, and the market acceptance of, new products in 2009 and beyond; 

•

 changes in product revenue mix resulting from changes in customer demand; 

11 

•

 the level of orders received which can be shipped in a quarter because of the tendency of customers to wait until late in a quarter to commit to purchase due to
capital expenditure approvals and constraints occurring at the end of a quarter, or the hope of obtaining more favorable pricing from a competitor seeking the business; 

•

 engineering and development investments relating to new product introductions in 2009 and beyond, and the expansion of manufacturing, outsourcing and engineering
operations in Asia; 

•

 provisions for excess and obsolete inventory relating to the lack of demand for and the discontinuance of products; 

•

 impairment charges for certain long-lived and intangible assets and goodwill. For example in 2008, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $333.3 million;

•

 parallel or multi-site testing could lead to a decrease in the ultimate size of the market for our products; and 

•

 the ability of our suppliers and subcontractors to meet product quality or delivery requirements needed to satisfy customer orders for our products, especially if
product demand increases rapidly. 

As a result of the foregoing and other factors, we have experienced and may continue
to experience material fluctuations in future operating results on a quarterly or annual basis which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and stock price. 

We are subject to risks of operating internationally. 

A significant portion of our total revenue is derived from customers outside the United States. Our international sales and operations are subject to significant risks and difficulties, including: 

•

 unexpected changes in legal and regulatory requirements affecting international markets; 

•

 changes in tariffs and exchange rates; 

•

 social, political and economic instability, acts of terrorism and international conflicts; 

•

 difficulties in protecting intellectual property; 

•

 difficulties in accounts receivable collection; 

•

 cultural differences in the conduct of business; 

•

 difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; and 

•

 compliance with customs regulations. 

In addition, an increasing portion of our products and the products we purchase from our suppliers are sourced or manufactured in foreign locations, including China, and a large portion of the devices our products test are fabricated and
tested by foundries and subcontractors in Taiwan, Singapore, China and other parts of Asia. As a result, we are subject to a number of economic and other risks, particularly during times of political or financial instability in these regions.
Disruption of manufacturing or supply sources in these international locations could materially adversely impact our ability to fill customer orders and potentially result in lost business. 

If we fail to develop new technologies to adapt to our customers’ needs and if our customers fail to accept our new products, our revenues will be adversely
affected. 

We believe that our technological position depends primarily on the technical competence and creative ability of our
engineers. In a rapidly evolving market, such as ours, the development of new technologies, commercialization of those technologies into products and market acceptance and customer demand for those products are critical to our success. Successful
product development, introduction and acceptance depend upon a number of factors, including: 

•

 new product selection; 

•

 ability to meet customer requirements; 

12 

•

 development of competitive products by competitors; 

•

 timely and efficient completion of product design; 

•

 timely and efficient implementation of manufacturing and manufacturing processes; 

•

 timely remediation of product performance issues, if any, identified during testing; 

•

 assembly processes and product performance at customer locations; 

•

 differentiation of our products from our competitors’ products; 

•

 management of customer expectations concerning product capabilities and product life cycles; 

•

 ability to attract and retain technical talent; and 

•

 innovation that does not infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties. 

If our suppliers do not meet product or delivery requirements, we could have reduced revenues and earnings. 

Certain components, including semiconductor chips, may be in short supply from time to time because of high industry demand or the inability of some
vendors to consistently meet our quality or delivery requirements. Approximately 30% of material purchases require some custom work where having multiple suppliers would be cost prohibitive. If any of our suppliers were to cancel contracts or
commitments or fail to meet the quality or delivery requirements needed to satisfy customer orders for our products, we could lose time-sensitive customer orders and have significantly decreased revenues and earnings, which would have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we rely on contract manufacturers for certain subsystems used in our products, and our ability to meet customer orders for those products depends upon the
timeliness and quality of the work performed by these subcontractors, over whom we do not exercise any control. 

To a certain extent, we
are dependant upon the ability of our suppliers and contractors to help meet increased product or delivery requirements. Many of our suppliers have implemented cost reduction strategies, just as we have, to address the slowdowns in the market. It
may be difficult for these suppliers to meet delivery requirements in a period of rapid growth, therefore impacting our ability to meet our customers’ demands. 

We rely on the financial strength of our suppliers. There can be no assurance that the loss of suppliers either as a result of financial viability, bankruptcy or otherwise will not have a material adverse effect on
our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Our operations may be adversely impacted if our outsourced contract manufacturers or
service providers fail to perform. 

We depend on Flextronics International Ltd. (“Flextronics”) to manufacture and test
our FLEX and J750 family of products from its facility in China. If for any reason Flextronics cannot provide us with these products in a timely fashion, or at all, we may not be able to sell these products to our customers until we enter a similar
arrangement with an alternative contract manufacturer. If we experience a problem with our supply of products from Flextronics, it may take us significant time to either manufacture the product or find an alternate contract manufacturer, which could
result in substantial expense and disruption to our business. 

We have also outsourced a number of our general and administrative
functions, including information technology, to reputable service providers, many of which are in foreign countries, sometimes impacting communication with them because of language and time difficulties. Their presence in foreign countries also
increases the risk they could be exposed to political risk. Additionally, there may be difficulties encountered in coordinating the outsourced operations with existing functions and operations. If we fail in successfully coordinating and managing
the outsourced service providers, it may cause an adverse affect on our operations which could result in a decline in our stock price. 

13 

We may not fully realize the benefits of our acquisition of Nextest Systems Corporation, Eagle Test Systems, Inc.,
and other businesses that we may acquire or strategic alliances that we may form in the future. 

In January 2008, we acquired
Nextest Systems Corporation, and in November 2008, we acquired Eagle Test Systems, Inc. We may continue to acquire additional businesses, form strategic alliances or create joint ventures with third parties that we believe will complement or augment
our existing businesses. We may not be able to realize the expected synergies and cost savings from the integration with our existing operations of Nextest Systems Corporation, Eagle Test Systems, Inc. and other businesses or technologies that we
may acquire. In addition, the integration process for our acquisitions may be complex, costly and time consuming and include unanticipated issues, expenses and liabilities. We may have difficulty in developing, manufacturing and marketing the
products of a newly acquired company in a manner that enhances the performance of our combined businesses or product lines and allows us to realize value from expected synergies. We cannot assure you that, following an acquisition, we will achieve
the revenue or net income levels that justify the acquisition. Acquisitions may also result in one-time charges (such as acquisition-related expenses, write-offs or restructuring charges) or in the future, impairment of goodwill, that adversely
affect our operating results. Additionally we may fund acquisitions of new businesses, strategic alliances or joint ventures by utilizing our cash, raising debt, issuing shares of our common stock, or by other means. 

We may need additional financing, which could be difficult to obtain
. 

We expect, based upon our current estimate of our revenue and operating results for fiscal year 2009, that our cash, cash equivalents and marketable
securities balance of $374.3 million will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements for the next twelve months. If our estimates of revenue and operating results for fiscal year 2009 significantly decrease, we could be required to obtain
additional financing. However, if financing is necessary, we cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain such financing or that the terms will be acceptable to us. In addition, financings may place restrictions on how we operate our business.
If we cannot raise funds on acceptable terms, if and when needed, we may not be able to develop or enhance our products and services, take advantage of future opportunities, grow our business or respond to competitive pressures, which could
adversely harm our business. 

Restrictive covenants in the agreement governing our senior credit facility may restrict our ability to pursue business
strategies. 

The agreement governing our senior credit facility limits our ability, among other things, to: incur additional
indebtedness; sell, transfer, license or dispose of assets; consolidate or merge; enter into transactions with our affiliates; and incur liens. In addition, our senior credit facility contains financial and other restrictive covenants that limit our
ability to engage in activities that may be in our long term best interest, such as, subject to permitted exceptions, making capital expenditures in excess of certain thresholds, making investments, loans and other advances, and prepaying our other
indebtedness while our indebtedness under our senior credit facility is outstanding. Our failure to comply with financial and other restrictive covenants could result in an event of default, which if not cured or waived, could result in the lenders
requiring immediate payment of all outstanding borrowings or foreclosing on collateral pledged to them to secure the indebtedness. 

We have taken
measures to address slowdowns in the market for our products, which could have long-term negative effects on our business or impact our ability to adequately address a rapid increase in customer demand. 

We have taken, and continue to take, measures to address slowdowns in the market for our products. These measures include shifting more of our operations
to lower cost regions, outsourcing manufacturing processes, divesting of certain businesses, implementing material cost reduction programs, reducing both the number of our employees and the compensation paid to our employees, and reducing planned
capital expenditures and expense budgets. We cannot assure that the measures we have taken will not impair our ability to effectively develop and market products, to remain competitive in the industries in which we compete, to operate effectively,
to operate 

14 

profitably during slowdowns or to effectively meet a rapid increase in customer demand. These measures may have long-term negative effects on our business by
reducing our pool of technical talent, decreasing or slowing improvements in our products, making it more difficult to hire and retain talented individuals and to quickly respond to customers or competitors in an upward cycle. 

We may incur significant liabilities if we fail to comply with environmental regulations. 

We are subject to both domestic and international environmental regulations and statutory strict liability relating to the use, storage, discharge, site
cleanup and disposal of hazardous chemicals used in our manufacturing processes. If we fail to comply with present and future regulations, or are required to perform site remediation, we could be subject to future liabilities or costs, including
penalties or the suspension of production. Present and future regulations may also: 

•

 restrict our ability to expand facilities; 

•

 restrict our ability to ship certain products into the European Union or elsewhere; 

•

 require us to modify our operations logistics; 

•

 require us to acquire costly equipment; or 

•

 require us to incur other significant costs and expenses. 

Pursuant to present regulations and agreements, we are conducting groundwater and subsurface assessment and monitoring and are implementing remediation and corrective action plans for facilities located in California,
Massachusetts and New Hampshire which are no longer conducting manufacturing operations. As of December 31, 2008, we have not incurred material costs as result of the monitoring and remediation steps taken at the California, Massachusetts and
New Hampshire sites. 

On January 27, 2003, the European Union adopted the following directives: (i) the directive on the
Restriction of the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment (the “RoHS Directive”); and (ii) the directive on Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (the “WEEE Directive”). The WEEE
Directive became effective August 13, 2005 and the RoHS Directive became effective on July 6, 2006. Both the RoHS Directive and the WEEE Directive alter the form and manner in which electronic equipment is imported, sold and handled in the
European Union. Other jurisdictions, such as China, have followed the European Union’s lead in enacting legislation with respect to hazardous substances and waste removal. Ensuring compliance with the RoHS Directive, the WEEE Directive and
similar legislation in other jurisdictions, and integrating compliance activities with our suppliers and customers could result in additional costs and disruption to operations and logistics and thus could have a negative impact on our business,
operations and financial condition. 

We currently are and in the future may be subject to litigation that could have an adverse effect on our
business. 

From time to time, we may be subject to litigation or other administrative and governmental proceedings that could
require significant management time and resources and cause us to incur expenses and, in the event of an adverse decision, pay damages in an amount that could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.

For example, in connection with our August 2000 acquisition of each of Herco Technology Corp. and Perception Laminates, Inc., a complaint
was filed on or about September 5, 2001 by the former owners of those companies naming as defendants Teradyne and two of our then executive officers. Additionally, in 2001, we were designated as a “potentially responsible party” at a
clean-up site in Los Angeles, California and in 2008 we were notified of potential liability relating to contamination at a disposal site in West Covina, California. Both of these claims also arise out of our acquisition of Perception Laminates in
August 2000. Prior to that date, Perception Laminates had itself acquired certain assets of Alco Industries Inc. under an asset purchase agreement dated October 20, 1992. These matters are further described in “Item 3: Legal
Proceedings.” 

15 

Third parties may claim we are infringing their intellectual property and we could suffer significant litigation
costs, licensing expenses or be prevented from selling our products. 

We receive notifications from time to time that we may be in
violation of patents held by others. In October 2008, we were served with patent infringement litigation from Xyratex Technology Ltd (“Xyratex”). The Xyratex matter is further described in “Item 3: Legal Proceedings.” An
assertion of patent infringement against us such as the Xyratex suit, if successful, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to sell our new hard disk drive testing product or it could force us to seek a license to the intellectual
property rights of others or alter such product so that they no longer infringe the intellectual property rights of others. A license could be very expensive to obtain or may not be available at all. Similarly, changing our products or processes to
avoid infringing the rights of others may be costly or impractical. Additionally, patent litigation, such as the Xyratex suit, could require a significant use of management resources and involve a lengthy and expensive defense, even if we eventually
prevail. If we do not prevail, we might be forced to pay significant damages, obtain licenses, modify our products, or stop making our products; each of which could have a material adverse affect on our financial condition and operating results.

We have significant guarantees and indemnification obligations. 

From time to time we make guarantees to customers regarding the performance of our products and guarantee certain indebtedness, performance obligations or
lease commitments of our subsidiary and affiliate companies. We also have agreed to provide indemnification to our officers, directors, employees and agents, to the extent permitted by law, arising from certain events or occurrences while the
officer, director, employee or agent, is or was serving at our request in such capacity. If we become liable under any of these obligations, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. For
additional information see “Note K: Commitments and Contingencies—Guarantees and Indemnification Obligations” in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, we may lose a valuable asset or may incur costly litigation to protect our rights. 

We protect the technology that is incorporated in our products (“IP”) in several ways, including through patent, copyright, and trade secret
protection and by contractual agreement. However, even with these protections, our IP may still be challenged, invalidated or subject to other infringement actions. While we believe that our IP has value in the aggregate, no single element of our IP
is in itself essential. If a significant portion of our IP is invalidated or ineffective, our business could be materially adversely affected. In addition, we receive notifications from time to time that we may be in violation of patents held by
others. An assertion of patent infringement against us, if successful, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to sell our products, or require a significant use of management resources and necessitate a lengthy and expensive defense
which could adversely affect our operating results. 

Our business may suffer if we are unable to attract and retain key employees.

Competition for employees with skills we require is intense in the high technology industry. Our success will depend on our ability
to attract and retain key technical employees. The loss of one or more key or other employees, a decrease in our inability to attract additional qualified employees, or the delay in hiring key personnel could each have a material adverse effect on
our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Acts of war, terrorist attacks and the threat of domestic and international terrorist
attacks may adversely impact our business. 

Acts of war and terrorist attacks may cause damage or disruption to our employees,
facilities, customers, suppliers and distributors which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation or financial condition. As we, our outsourced manufacturing providers and our suppliers sell and manufacture products
both in the United States and internationally, the threat of future terrorist attacks could lead to changes in security and operations at these locations which could increase our operating costs and which may adversely affect our business. Such
conflicts may 

16 

also cause damage or disruption to transportation and communication systems. We have completed some emergency preparedness planning and have a business
continuity plan in case some of these events occur. However, we cannot be certain that our plans will be effective in the event of a disaster or other situation. All of these conditions make it difficult for us, and our customers, to accurately
forecast and plan future business activities and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Provisions of our charter and by-laws and Massachusetts law make a takeover of Teradyne more difficult. 

During 2007,
we made several important corporate governance changes, which included declassification of our Board of Directors, adoption of majority voting standard for the election of our directors, and early termination of our shareholder rights plan. Despite
these changes, there are still provisions in our basic corporate documents and under Massachusetts law that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control, even if a change in control may be regarded as beneficial to some or all of our
stockholders.