You should carefully
consider the following risks, together with the cautionary statement under the
caption “Forward-Looking Information” in Item 7 of this report and the other
information included in this report. The risks described below are not the only
ones we face. Additional risks that are currently unknown to us or that we
currently consider to be immaterial may also impair our business or adversely
affect our financial condition or results of operations. If any of the
following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results
of operation could be adversely affected. 

Our business is affected by the cyclical nature of the
markets we serve.

Demand for our products
depends upon general economic conditions in the markets in which we compete.
Our sales depend in part upon our customers’ replacement or repair cycles.
Adverse economic conditions, including a decrease in commodity prices, may
cause customers to forego or postpone new purchases in favor of repairing
existing machinery. Downward economic cycles may result in reductions in sales
of our products, which may reduce our profits. We have taken a number of steps
to reduce our fixed costs and diversify our operations to decrease the negative
impact of these cycles. There can be no assurance, however, that these steps
will prevent the negative impact of poor economic conditions.

Our business is sensitive to increases in interest rates.

We are exposed to interest rate
volatility with regard to existing variable rate debt and future issuances of
fixed rate debt. Primary exposure includes movements in the U.S. prime rate and
the London Interbank Offer Rate (“LIBOR”). We use interest rate swaps to manage our interest rate risk.

If interest rates continue
to rise, it becomes more costly for our customers to borrow money to pay for
the equipment they buy from us. Should the various central banks in our key
markets raise interest rates, prospects for business investment and
manufacturing could deteriorate sufficiently to impact sales opportunities.

Our business is sensitive to government spending.

Many of our customers depend
substantially on funding of highway construction, maintenance and other
infrastructure projects by U.S. federal and state governments and governments
in other nations. In addition, we sell products to governments and government
agencies in the U.S. and other nations. Any decrease or delay in government
funding of highway construction and maintenance, other infrastructure projects
and overall government spending could cause our revenues and profits to
decrease. 

We operate in a highly competitive industry.

Our industry is highly
competitive. To compete successfully, our products must excel in terms of quality,
price, product line, ease of use, safety and comfort, and we must also provide
excellent customer service. The greater financial resources of certain of our
competitors may put us at a competitive disadvantage. If competition in our
industry intensifies or if our current competitors enhance their products or
lower their prices for competing products, we may lose sales or be required to
lower the prices we charge for our products. This may reduce revenue from our
products and services, lower our gross margins or cause us to lose market
share.

We rely on key management.

We rely on the management
and leadership skills of Ronald M. DeFeo, our Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer. Mr. DeFeo has been with us since 1992, has been Chief
Executive Officer since 1995 and Chairman since 1998, and has overseen the
transformation of Terex during that time. We have an employment agreement with
Mr. DeFeo, which expires on December 31, 2012. The loss of his services could
have a significant, negative impact on our business. Mr. DeFeo also served as
President and Chief Operating Officer of Terex from October 1993 through
January 2007. In January 2007, Mr. DeFeo stepped down from those posts, and we
hired an executive from outside of Terex to serve in that role, which, among
other benefits, is intended to limit the detrimental impact should we lose Mr.
DeFeo’s services. In addition, we rely on the management and leadership skills
of our other senior executives. During 2006, we added a number of new senior executives
to our management team from outside of Terex. These executives are not bound by
employment agreements. We could be harmed by the loss of any of these senior
executives or other key personnel in the future.

-22-

Some of our customers rely on financing with third parties to
purchase our products.

We rely on sales of our
products to generate cash from operations. A significant portion of our sales
are financed by third party finance companies on behalf of our customers. The
availability of financing by third parties is affected by general economic
conditions, the credit worthiness of our customers and the estimated residual
value of our equipment. Deterioration in the credit quality of our customers or
the estimated residual value of our equipment could negatively impact the
ability of our customers to obtain the resources they need to make purchases of
our equipment. 

We provide financing for some of our customers.

We, directly and through
joint ventures, provide financing for some of our customers, primarily in
Europe and the United States, to purchase our equipment. For the most part,
this financing represents sales type leases and operating leases. It has been
our policy to provide such financing to our customers in situations where we
anticipate that we will be able to sell the financing obligations to a third
party financial institution within a short period. However, until such
financing obligations are sold to a third party or if we are unable to sell
such obligations to a third party, we retain the risks resulting from such
customer financing. Our results could be adversely affected in the event that
such customers default on their contractual obligations to us. Our results also
could be adversely affected if the residual values of such leased equipment
declines below its original estimated values and we are forced to subsequently
sell such equipment at a loss.

We insure and sell a portion
of our accounts receivable to third party finance companies. These third party
finance companies are not obligated to purchase accounts receivable from us,
and may choose to limit or discontinue further purchases from us at any time.
Changes in our customers’ credit worthiness, in the market for credit insurance
or in the willingness of third party finance companies to purchase accounts
receivable from us could impact our cash flow from operations.

We are dependent upon third-party suppliers, making us
vulnerable to supply shortages and price increases.

We obtain materials and
manufactured components from third-party suppliers. Any delay in our suppliers’
abilities to provide us with necessary materials and components may affect our
capabilities at a number of our manufacturing locations, or may require us to
seek alternative supply sources. Delays in obtaining supplies may result from a
number of factors affecting our suppliers, including capacity constraints,
labor disputes, impaired supplier financial condition, suppliers’ allocations
to other purchasers, weather emergencies or acts of war or terrorism. For example,
we have recently had difficulty in obtaining some of our necessary components,
including large off-highway tires, steel and steel products, bearings,
gear boxes and various fabricated weldments. Any delay in receiving supplies could impair our ability to deliver
products to our customers and, accordingly, could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Recently, market prices of
some of our key materials have increased significantly as a result of
higher global demand for these materials caused by recovering end-markets in
our product areas and by higher consumption from emerging economies such as
China. While we have been able
to pass a portion of such increased costs to our customers by way of surcharges
and price increases, there is no assurance that increasing costs can continue
to be addressed by increases in pricing. Continued increases in material prices
could negatively impact our gross margins and financial results.

In addition, we purchase
material and services from our suppliers on terms extended based on our overall
credit rating. Negative changes in our credit rating may impact suppliers’
willingness to extend terms and in turn increase the cash requirements of our
business.

We have debt outstanding and must comply with restrictive
covenants in our debt agreements.

Our existing debt agreements
contain a number of significant covenants, which limit our ability to, among
other things, borrow additional money, make capital expenditures, pay dividends,
dispose of assets and acquire new businesses. These covenants also require us
to meet certain financial tests. Specifically, these financial tests are a
consolidated leverage ratio test and a consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio
test, as such tests are defined in our debt agreements. While we are currently
in compliance with both of the foregoing tests, increases in our debt or
decreases in our earnings could cause us to be in default of these financial
covenants. If we are unable to comply with these covenants, there would be a
default under these debt agreements. In addition, changes in economic or
business conditions, results of operations or other factors could cause us to
default under our debt agreements. A default, if not waived by our lenders,
could result in acceleration of our debt and possibly bankruptcy.

We are subject to currency fluctuations.

Our products
are sold in over 100 countries around the world. Our revenues are generated in
U.S. dollars and foreign currencies, including the Euro and British Pound
Sterling, while costs incurred to generate our revenues are only partly
incurred in the same currencies. Since our financial statements are denominated
in U.S. Dollars, changes in currency exchange rates between the U.S.

-23-

Dollar and
other currencies have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our
earnings. To reduce this currency exchange risk, we may buy protecting or
offsetting positions (known as “hedges”) in certain currencies to reduce the
risk of an adverse currency exchange movement. We have not engaged in any
speculative or profit motivated hedging activities. Although we partially hedge
our revenues and costs, currency fluctuations may impact our financial
performance in the future.

We are exposed to
political, economic and other risks that arise from operating a multinational
business.

Our
international operations are subject to a number of potential risks. Such risks
principally include:

•

trade
 protection measures and currency exchange controls;

•

labor
 unrest;

•

regional
 economic uncertainty;

•

political
 instability;

•

terrorist
 activities and the U.S. and international response thereto;

•

restrictions
 on the transfer of funds into or out of a country;

•

export
 duties and quotas;

•

domestic and
 foreign customs and tariffs;

•

current and
 changing regulatory environments;

•

difficulty
 in obtaining distribution support; and

•

current and
 changing tax laws in foreign countries.

In addition,
many of the nations in which we operate have developing legal and economic
systems, adding a level of uncertainty to our operations in those countries
relative to those that would be expected domestically. These factors may have
an adverse effect on our international operations in the future.

We may be
adversely impacted by work stoppages and other labor matters.

As of
December 31, 2006, the Company employed approximately 18,000 persons
worldwide. Approximately 33% of our employees are represented by labor unions,
or similar employee organizations outside the United States, which have entered
into various separate collective bargaining agreements with us. While we have
no reason to believe that we will be impacted by work stoppages or other labor
matters, we cannot assure that future issues with our labor unions will be
resolved favorably or that we will not encounter future strikes, further
unionization efforts or other types of conflicts with labor unions or our
employees. Any of these factors may have an adverse effect on us or may limit
our flexibility in dealing with our workforce. 

Compliance with
environmental regulations could be costly and require us to make significant
expenditures.

We generate
hazardous and nonhazardous wastes in the normal course of our manufacturing
operations. As a result, we are subject to a wide range of federal, state,
local and foreign environmental laws and regulations. These laws and
regulations govern actions that may have adverse environmental effects and
require compliance with certain practices when handling and disposing of
hazardous and nonhazardous wastes. These laws and regulations also impose
liability for the costs of, and damages resulting from, cleaning up sites, past
spills, disposals and other releases of hazardous substances, should any of
such events occur. No such incidents have occurred which required us to pay
material amounts to comply with such laws and regulations.

Compliance
with these laws and regulations has required, and will continue to require, us
to make expenditures. We do not expect that these expenditures will have a
material adverse effect on our business or profitability.

We face product
liability claims and other liabilities due to the nature of our business.

In our lines
of business, numerous suits have been filed alleging damages for accidents that
have occurred during the use or operation of our products. We are self-insured,
up to certain limits, for these product liability exposures, as well as for
certain exposures related to general, workers’ compensation and automobile
liability. Insurance coverage is obtained for catastrophic losses as well as
those risks required to be insured by law or contract. We do not believe that
the outcome of such matters will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated
financial position; however, any liabilities not covered by insurance could
have an adverse effect on our financial condition.

We are currently the
subject of government investigations.

We have received
a Formal Order of Private Investigation from the SEC advising us that they have commenced an
investigation of our accounting. We also received a subpoena from the
SEC in an investigation entitled “In the Matter of United Rentals, Inc.” This
subpoena requested information to assist the SEC in its investigation of four
transactions during 2000 and 2001 involving United 

-24-

Rentals, on
the one hand, and Terex or a Terex subsidiary (prior to its acquisition by
Terex), on the other. We have been
cooperating with the SEC, and will continue to cooperate fully to furnish the
SEC staff with information needed to complete their investigation. Until the
SEC’s investigation of the Company is complete, we are not able to predict the
outcome of the SEC’s investigation.

We have also
received subpoenas from the United States Department of Justice, Antitrust
Division (“DOJ”), with respect to an investigation by the DOJ into pricing
practices in the rock crushing and screening equipment industry. We are
cooperating fully with the DOJ in its investigation and will continue to
cooperate fully to furnish the DOJ with information needed to complete its
investigation. Until the DOJ investigation is complete, we are not able to
predict the outcome of the DOJ investigation.

As of December 31,
2006, we did not maintain adequate disclosure controls and procedures and
adequate internal control over financial reporting.

A company’s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. As of December 31, 2005, we did not
maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting, as there were two
material weaknesses that existed as of December 31, 2005. One of these material
weaknesses was remediated in 2006. However, one material weakness that existed
as of December 31, 2005 still existed as of December 31, 2006, related to
internal control over our accounting for income taxes. If we do not remediate
our material weakness that existed as of December 31, 2006, this material
weakness could result in a misstatement of our accounts in a future period that
would result in a material misstatement to our annual or interim financial
statements that would not be prevented or detected. In addition, if we do not
improve our disclosure controls and procedures, in this regard, we may be
delayed in filing future periodic reports with the SEC.

We are in the process
of implementing a global enterprise system.

We have begun
the implementation of a global enterprise system which will replace many of our
existing operating and financial systems. Such an implementation is a major
undertaking both financially and from a management and personnel perspective.
Should the system not be implemented successfully and within budget, or if the
system does not perform in a satisfactory manner, it could be disruptive and or
adversely affect our operations and results of operations, including our ability
to report accurate and timely financial results.

We currently face
limitations on our ability to access the capital markets using short form SEC
documents.

Our ability to
access the capital markets is subject to our timely filing of periodic reports
with the SEC, and our recent failure to file certain periodic reports on a
timely basis will limit our ability to access the capital markets using
short-form registration through May 31, 2007.

We may face
limitations on our ability to integrate acquired businesses.

We have
completed a number of acquisitions since 2000. The successful integration of
new businesses depends on our ability to manage these new businesses and cut
excess costs. While we believe we have successfully integrated these
acquisitions to date, we cannot ensure that these acquired companies will
operate profitably or that the intended beneficial effect from these
acquisitions will be realized. Further, in connection with acquisitions, we may
need to consolidate or restructure our acquired or existing facilities, which
may require expenditures for severance obligations related to reductions in
workforce and other charges resulting from the consolidations or
restructurings, such as write-down of inventory and lease termination costs.