You
 should carefully consider the following risks, together with the cautionary
 statement under the caption “Forward-Looking Information” above and the other
 information included in this report. The risks described below are not the
 only
 ones we face. Additional risks that are currently unknown to us or that we
 currently consider to be immaterial may also impair our business or adversely
 affect our financial condition or results of operations. If any of the following
 risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operation
 could be adversely affected. 

Our
 business is affected by the cyclical nature of the markets we
 serve.

Demand
 for our products depends upon general economic conditions in the markets in
 which we compete. Our sales depend in part upon our customers’ replacement or
 repair cycles. Adverse economic conditions, including a decrease in commodity
 prices, may cause customers to forego or postpone new purchases in favor of
 repairing existing machinery. Downward economic cycles may result in reductions
 in sales of our products, which may reduce our profits. We have taken a number
 of steps to reduce our fixed costs and diversify our operations to decrease
 the
 negative impact of these cycles. There can be no assurance, however, that these
 steps will prevent the negative impact of poor economic conditions.

 -21-

Our
 business is sensitive to increases in interest rates.

We
 are
 exposed to interest rate volatility with regard to existing variable rate debt
 and future issuances of fixed rate debt. Primary exposure includes movements
 in
 the U.S. prime rate and the London Interbank Offer Rate (“LIBOR”). We use
 interest rate swaps to help manage our interest rate risk.

If
 interest rates rise, it becomes more costly for our customers to borrow money
 to
 pay for the equipment they buy from us. Should interest rates in our key markets
 rise, prospects for business investment and manufacturing could deteriorate
 sufficiently to impact sales.

Our
 business is sensitive to government spending.

Many
 of
 our customers depend substantially on government funding of highway
 construction, maintenance and other infrastructure projects. In addition, we
 sell products to governments and government agencies in the U.S. and other
 nations. Any decrease or delay in government funding of highway construction
 and
 maintenance, other infrastructure projects and overall government spending
 could
 cause our revenues and profits to decrease. 

We
 operate in a highly competitive industry.

Our
 industry is highly competitive. To compete successfully, our products must
 excel
 in terms of quality, price, features, ease of use, safety and comfort, and
 we
 must also provide excellent customer service. The greater financial resources
 of
 certain of our competitors may put us at a competitive disadvantage. If
 competition in our industry intensifies or if our current competitors enhance
 their products or lower their prices for competing products, we may lose sales
 or be required to lower the prices we charge for our products. This may reduce
 revenue from our products and services, lower our gross margins or cause us
 to
 lose market share.

A
 material disruption to one of our significant manufacturing plants could
 adversely affect our ability to generate revenue.

We
 produce most of our machines and aftermarket parts for each product type at
 one
 manufacturing facility. If operations at a significant facility were to be
 disrupted as a result of equipment failures, natural disasters, work stoppages,
 power outages or other reasons, our business, financial conditions and results
 of operations could be adversely affected. Interruptions in production could
 increase costs and delay delivery of units in production. Production capacity
 limits could cause us to reduce or delay sales efforts until production capacity
 is available. 

We
 rely on key management.

We
 rely
 on the management and leadership skills of Ronald M. DeFeo, our Chairman of
 the
 Board and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. DeFeo has been with us since 1992,
 serving as Chief Executive Officer since 1995 and Chairman since 1998, guiding
 the transformation of Terex during that time. We have an employment agreement
 with Mr. DeFeo, which expires on December 31, 2012. The loss of his services
 could have a significant, negative impact on our business. In addition, we
 rely
 on the management and leadership skills of our other senior executives who
 are
 not bound by employment agreements. We could be harmed by the loss of any of
 these senior executives or other key personnel in the future.

Some
 of our customers rely on financing with third parties to purchase our
 products.

We
 rely
 on sales of our products to generate cash from operations. A significant portion
 of our sales are financed by third party finance companies on behalf of our
 customers. The availability of financing by third parties is affected by general
 economic conditions, the credit worthiness of our customers and the estimated
 residual value of our equipment. Deterioration in the credit quality of our
 customers or the estimated residual value of our equipment could negatively
 impact the ability of our customers to obtain the resources they need to make
 purchases of our equipment. 

We
 provide financing for some of our customers.

We,
 directly and through joint ventures, provide financing for some of our
 customers, primarily in Europe and the United States, to purchase our equipment.
 For the most part, this financing represents sales type leases and operating
 leases. It has been our policy to provide such financing to our customers in
 situations where we anticipate that we will be able to sell the financing
 obligations to a third party financial institution within a short period.
 However, until such financing obligations are sold to a third party or if we
 are
 unable to sell such obligations to a third party, we retain the risks resulting
 from such customer financing. Our results could be adversely affected if such
 customers default on their contractual obligations to us. Our results also
 could
 be adversely affected if the residual values of such leased equipment declines
 below its original estimated values and we subsequently sell such equipment
 at a
 loss.

 -22-

We
 insure
 and sell a portion of our accounts receivable to third party finance companies.
 These third party finance companies are not obligated to purchase accounts
 receivable from us, and may choose to limit or discontinue further purchases
 from us at any time. Changes in our customers’ credit worthiness, in the market
 for credit insurance or in the willingness of third party finance companies
 to
 purchase accounts receivable from us could impact our cash flow from
 operations.

We
 are dependent upon third-party suppliers, making us vulnerable to supply
 shortages and price increases.

We
 obtain
 materials and manufactured components from third-party suppliers. Delays in
 our
 suppliers’ abilities to provide us with necessary materials and components may
 delay production at a number of our manufacturing locations, or may require
 us
 to seek alternative supply sources. Delays in obtaining supplies may result
 from
 a number of factors affecting our suppliers, including capacity constraints,
 labor disputes, impaired supplier financial condition, suppliers’ allocations to
 other purchasers, weather emergencies or acts of war or terrorism. Any delay
 in
 receiving supplies could impair our ability to deliver products to our customers
 and, accordingly, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results
 of operations and financial condition.

Recently,
 market prices of some of our key materials have increased significantly as
 a
 result of higher global demand for these materials caused by recovering
 end-markets in some of our product areas and by higher consumption from
 developing economies such as China. While we have been able to pass a portion
 of
 such increased costs to our customers by way of surcharges and price increases,
 there is no assurance that increasing costs can continue to be addressed by
 increases in pricing. Continued increases in material prices could negatively
 impact our gross margins and financial results.

In
 addition, we purchase material and services from our suppliers on terms extended
 based on our overall credit rating. Deterioration in our credit rating may
 impact suppliers’ willingness to extend terms and in turn increase the cash
 requirements of our business.

We
 have debt outstanding and must comply with restrictive covenants in our debt
 agreements.

Our
 existing debt agreements contain a number of significant covenants, which limit
 our ability to, among other things, borrow additional money, make capital
 expenditures, pay dividends, dispose of assets and acquire new businesses.
 These
 covenants also require us to meet certain financial tests, specifically a
 consolidated leverage ratio test and a consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio
 test, as such tests are defined in our debt agreements. While we are currently
 in compliance with both of the foregoing tests, increases in our debt or
 decreases in our earnings could cause us to be in default of these financial
 covenants. If we are unable to comply with these covenants, there would be
 a
 default under these debt agreements. In addition, changes in economic or
 business conditions, results of operations or other factors could cause us
 to
 default under our debt agreements. A default, if not waived by our lenders,
 could result in acceleration of our debt and possibly bankruptcy.

We
 are subject to currency fluctuations.

Our
 products are sold in over 100 countries around the world. Our revenues are
 generated in U.S. dollars and foreign currencies, including the Euro and British
 Pound Sterling, while costs incurred to generate our revenues are only partly
 incurred in the same currencies. Since our financial statements are denominated
 in U.S. Dollars, changes in currency exchange rates between the U.S. Dollar
 and
 other currencies, such as the recent decline of the U.S. Dollar relative to
 the
 Euro and British Pound Sterling, have had, and will continue to have, an impact
 on our earnings. To reduce this currency exchange risk, we may buy protecting
 or
 offsetting positions (known as “hedges”) in certain currencies to reduce the
 risk of an adverse currency exchange movement. We have not engaged in any
 speculative or profit motivated hedging activities. Although we partially hedge
 our revenues and costs, currency fluctuations may impact our financial
 performance in the future.

We
 are exposed to political, economic and other risks that arise from operating
 a
 multinational business.

Our
 international operations are subject to a number of potential risks. Such risks
 principally include:

 ·

 trade
 protection measures and currency exchange
 controls;

 ·

 labor
 unrest;

 ·

 regional
 economic uncertainty;

 ·

 political
 instability;

 ·

 terrorist
 activities and the U.S. and international response
 thereto;

 -23-

 ·

 restrictions
 on the transfer of funds into or out of a
 country;

 ·

 export
 duties and quotas;

 ·

 domestic
 and foreign customs and tariffs;

 ·

 current
 and changing regulatory
 environments;

 ·

 difficulty
 in obtaining distribution support;
 and

 ·

 current
 and changing tax laws.

In
 addition, many of the nations in which we operate have developing legal and
 economic systems, adding greater uncertainty to our operations in those
 countries than would be expected in North America and Western Europe. These
 factors may have an adverse effect on our international operations in the
 future.

Difficulties
 in managing and expanding into developing markets could divert management's
 attention from our existing operations.

We
 plan
 to increase our presence in developing markets such as China, India, Russia,
 the
 Middle East and Latin America. Increasing these sales efforts will require
 us to
 hire, train and retain qualified personnel in countries where language, cultural
 or regulatory barriers may exist. Any difficulties in expanding our sales in
 developing markets may divert management's attention from our existing
 operations.

We
 may be adversely impacted by work stoppages and other labor
 matters.

As
 of
 December 31, 2007, we employed approximately 21,000 people worldwide.
 Approximately 30% of our employees are represented by labor unions, or similar
 employee organizations outside the United States, which have entered into
 various separate collective agreements with us. While we have no reason to
 believe that we will be impacted by work stoppages or other labor matters,
 we
 cannot assure that future issues with our labor unions will be resolved
 favorably or that we will not encounter future strikes, further unionization
 efforts or other types of conflicts with labor unions or our employees. Any
 of
 these factors may have an adverse effect on us or may limit our flexibility
 in
 dealing with our workforce. 

Compliance
 with environmental regulations could be costly and require us to make
 significant expenditures.

We
 generate hazardous and nonhazardous wastes in the normal course of our
 manufacturing operations. As a result, we are subject to a wide range of
 federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations. These
 laws
 and regulations govern actions that may have adverse environmental effects
 and
 require compliance with certain practices when handling and disposing of
 hazardous and nonhazardous wastes. These laws and regulations also impose
 liability for the costs of, and damages resulting from, cleaning up sites,
 past
 spills, disposals and other releases of hazardous substances, should any of
 such
 events occur. No such incidents have occurred which required us to pay material
 amounts to comply with such laws and regulations.

Compliance
 with these laws and regulations has required, and will continue to require,
 us
 to make expenditures that we do not expect to have a material adverse effect
 on
 our business or profitability.

We
 face product liability claims and other liabilities due to the nature of our
 business.

In
 our
 lines of business, numerous suits have been filed alleging damages for accidents
 that have occurred during the use or operation of our products. We are
 self-insured, up to certain limits, for these product liability exposures,
 as
 well as for certain exposures related to general, workers’ compensation and
 automobile liability. Insurance coverage is obtained for catastrophic losses
 as
 well as those risks required to be insured by law or contract. We do not believe
 that the outcome of such matters will have a material adverse effect on our
 consolidated financial position; however, any significant liabilities not
 covered by insurance could have an adverse effect on our financial
 condition.

We
 are currently the subject of government investigations.

We
 have
 received a Formal Order of Private Investigation from the SEC advising us that
 they have commenced an investigation of our accounting. We also received a
 subpoena from the SEC in an investigation entitled “In the Matter of United
 Rentals, Inc.” This subpoena requested information to assist the SEC in its
 investigation of four transactions during 2000 and 2001 involving United
 Rentals, on the one hand, and Terex or a Terex subsidiary (prior to its
 acquisition by Terex), on the other. We have been cooperating with the SEC,
 and
 will continue to cooperate fully to furnish the SEC staff with information
 needed to complete their investigation. Until the SEC’s investigation of the
 Company is complete, we are not able to predict the outcome of the SEC’s
 investigation.

 -24-

We
 have
 also received subpoenas from the United States Department of Justice, Antitrust
 Division (“DOJ”), with respect to an investigation by the DOJ into pricing
 practices in the rock crushing and screening equipment industry.  We are
 cooperating fully with the DOJ in its investigation and will continue to
 cooperate fully to furnish the DOJ with information needed to complete its
 investigation. Until the DOJ investigation is complete, we are not able to
 predict its outcome.

We
 are in the process of implementing a global enterprise
 system.

We
 are
 implementing a global enterprise system to replace many of our existing
 operating and financial systems. Such an implementation is a major undertaking
 both financially and from a management and personnel perspective. Should the
 system not be implemented successfully and within budget, or if the system
 does
 not perform in a satisfactory manner, it could disrupt and might adversely
 affect our operations and results of operations, including our ability to report
 accurate and timely financial results.

We
 may face limitations on our ability to integrate acquired
 businesses.

We
 have
 completed a number of acquisitions since 2000 and we regularly consider other
 acquisition opportunities. In 2007, we acquired Superior Highwall Miners Inc.
 and its affiliates (“SHM”) and in 2008 announced that we have reached a
 definitive agreement to acquire ASV. The successful integration of new
 businesses depends on our ability to manage these new businesses and coordinate
 their activities with those of other Terex operations to realize expected
 synergies. While we believe we have successfully integrated acquisitions to
 date, we cannot ensure that newly acquired companies will operate profitably
 or
 that the intended beneficial effect from these acquisitions will be realized.
 Further, in connection with acquisitions, we may need to consolidate or
 restructure our acquired or existing facilities, which may require expenditures
 for severance obligations related to reductions in workforce and other charges
 resulting from the consolidations or restructurings, such as write-down of
 inventory and lease termination costs.