In addition to the other information contained or incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K,
prospective investors should consider carefully the following risk factors before investing in our securities. The risks described below may not be the only risks we face. Additional risks that we do not yet perceive or that we currently believe are
immaterial may also adversely affect our business and the trading price of our securities. 

Competition from alternative forms of media may impair our
ability to grow or maintain revenue levels in core and new businesses 

Advertising produces the predominant share of our newspaper, broadcasting and
affiliated Web site revenues. With the continued development of alternative forms of media, particularly those based on the Internet, our businesses face increased competition. Alternative media sources also affect our ability to increase our
circulation revenues and television audience. This competition could make it difficult for us to grow or maintain our broadcasting, print advertising and circulation revenues, which we believe will challenge us to expand the contributions of our
online and other digital businesses. 

Changes in economic conditions in the markets we serve in the U.S. and the U.K. may produce volatility in demand
for our products and services 

Our operating results depend on the relative strength of the economy in our principal newspaper and television markets as
well as the strength or weakness of national and regional economic factors. Weakness in the real estate industry, for example, has had a significant adverse impact on the company’s business, particularly in Florida, Arizona, California and
Nevada. Continuing or deepening softness in the U.S. or U.K. economy could significantly affect key national advertising, such as automotive, as well as retail and classified employment revenue. 

The variable nature of certain operating and interest expenses make it difficult to control our costs and could reduce our profitability 

We continue to face upward pressure on labor and certain benefit costs, along with volatility in newsprint prices and interest rates. Our ability to control and manage
these costs is somewhat limited due to competition and market factors. 

Volatility in U.S. and U.K. financial markets can directly affect the value of
our pension plan assets 

Pension plan assets in total are approximately $3.4 billion and variations in returns on those assets could significantly
affect our pension plan costs. 

Foreign exchange variability could adversely affect our consolidated operating results 

Any weakening of the British pound-to-U.S. dollar exchange rate could adversely impact Newsquest’s earnings contribution to consolidated results. 

Changes in regulatory environment could encumber or impede our efforts to improve operating results 

Our newspaper and broadcasting operations are subject to government regulation. Changing regulations, particularly FCC regulations which affect our television stations, may result in increased costs and adversely
impact our future profitability. FCC regulations required us to construct digital television stations in all of our television markets, despite the fact that the new digital stations are unlikely to produce significant additional revenue until
consumers have purchased a substantial number of digital television receivers. Congress established Feb. 17, 2009, as the date by which each television station will be required to return one of the two channels currently assigned to it and operate
as a digital facility exclusively. All of the company’s stations have converted to digital television; however, we cannot predict how the transition will affect our broadcast results. In addition, our television stations are required to possess
television broadcast licenses from the FCC; when granted, these licenses are generally granted for a period of eight years. Under certain circumstances the FCC is not required to renew any license and could decline to renew our license applications
that are currently pending in 2008. 

The degree of success of our investment and acquisition strategy may significantly impact our ability to expand
overall profitability 

We intend to continue efforts to identify and complete strategic investments, partnerships and business acquisitions. These
efforts may not prove successful. Strategic investments and partnerships with other companies expose us to the risk that we may not be able to control the operations of our investee or partnership, which could decrease the amount of benefits we reap
from a particular relationship. Acquisitions of other businesses may be difficult to integrate with our existing operations, could require an inefficiently high amount of attention from our senior management, might require us to incur additional
debt or divert our capital from more profitable expenditures, and might result in other unanticipated problems and liabilities. 

Volatility in U.S.
credit markets could affect the company’s ability to obtain financing to fund acquisitions, investments, share repurchases or other significant operating or capital expenditures 

At the end of 2007, the company had approximately $4.1 billion in long-term debt, of which $835 million is in unsecured promissory notes. A tightening of credit availability could restrict the company’s ability
to finance significant transactions and also limit its ability to refinance its existing capital structure. The company has, however, $3.9 billion in revolving credit agreements which provide back-up for borrowing and for general corporate purposes.

The value of our intangible assets may become impaired, depending upon future operating results 

Goodwill and other intangible assets were approximately $10.8 billion as of Dec. 30, 2007, representing approximately 68% of our total assets. We periodically evaluate
our goodwill and other intangible assets to determine whether all or a portion of their carrying values may no longer be recoverable, in which case a charge to earnings may be necessary, as occurred in 2007 (see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements). Any future evaluations requiring an asset impairment charge for goodwill or other intangible assets could affect future reported results of operations and shareholders’ equity, although such charges would not affect our operations
or cash flow.