In addition to the
other information contained or incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K, prospective investors should consider carefully the following risk factors before investing in our securities. The risks described below may not be the only risks we face.
Additional risks that we do not yet perceive or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely affect our business and the trading price of our securities. 

Advertising produces the predominant share of our newspaper and broadcasting revenues. With the continued development of
alternative forms of media, particularly those based on the Internet, our traditional print and television businesses are facing increasingly stiff competition for advertising revenues. Alternative media sources also affect our ability to increase
our circulation revenues and television audience. This competition could make it difficult for us to grow our advertising and circulation revenues, which we believe will challenge us to expand the contributions of our online and other digital
businesses. If we are unable to meet these challenges successfully, we may have difficulty increasing revenues to offset the additional expenses we expect to incur as a result of rising employee benefit and other labor costs, newsprint prices and
interest expense, not to mention stock compensation expense which must be reported in the financial statements for the first time in 2006 in accordance with a new accounting rule. Our future results also depend on economic conditions in our
principal newspaper and television markets, including the United Kingdom, where a softening advertising environment may affect our ability to increase revenues from our Newsquest operation. Any weakening of the British pound-to-U.S. dollar exchange
rate further could adversely impact Newsquest’s earnings contribution. 

Our newspaper and broadcasting operations are subject to government regulation. Changing regulations, particularly FCC regulations which affect our television stations, may result in increased costs and adversely
affect our future profitability. For example, FCC regulations required us to construct digital television stations in all of our television markets, despite the fact that the new digital stations are unlikely to produce significant additional
revenue until consumers have purchased a substantial number of digital television receivers. Recently Congress established Feb. 19, 2009, as the date by which each television station will be required to return one of the two channels currently
assigned to it and operate as a digital facility exclusively. We cannot predict how the transition to digital television will affect our broadcast operations. In addition, our television stations are required to possess television broadcast licenses
from the FCC; when granted, these licenses are generally granted for a period of eight years. The FCC is not required to renew any license and could decline to renew our license applications that are currently pending or will be filed in 2006 and
2007. 

We intend to continue our efforts to identify and
complete strategic investments, partnerships and business acquisitions. These efforts may not prove successful. Strategic investments and partnerships with other companies expose us to risks that we may not be able to control the operations of our
investee or partnership, which could decrease the amount of benefits we reap from a particular relationship. Acquisitions of other businesses may be difficult to integrate with our existing operations, could require an inefficiently high amount of
attention from our senior management, might require us to incur additional debt or divert our capital from more profitable expenditures, and might result in other unanticipated problems and liabilities.