In addition to the other information contained or
incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K, prospective investors should consider carefully the following risk factors before investing in our securities. The risks described below may not be the only risks we face. Additional risks that we do
not yet perceive or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely affect our business and the trading price of our securities. 

Competition from alternative forms of media may impair our ability to achieve revenue growth 

Advertising produces the predominant share of
our newspaper and broadcasting revenues. With the continued development of alternative forms of media, particularly those based on the Internet, our traditional print and television businesses are facing increasing competition. Alternative media
sources also affect our ability to increase our circulation revenues and television audience. This competition could make it difficult for us to grow our advertising and circulation revenues, which we believe will challenge us to expand the
contributions of our online and other digital businesses. 

The variable nature of our operating and interest expenses make it difficult to control our
costs and could reduce our profitability 

We continue to face upward pressure on labor and benefit costs, along with volatility in newsprint prices and
interest rates. Our ability to control and manage these costs is somewhat limited due to competition and market factors. 

Changes in economic conditions
in the markets we serve may produce volatility in demand for our products and services 

Our operating results depend on the relative strength of the
economy in our principal newspaper and television markets as well as the strength or weakness of national and regional economic factors. 

Foreign
exchange variability could adversely affect our consolidated operating results 

Any weakening of the British pound-to-U.S. dollar exchange rate could
adversely impact Newsquest’s earnings contribution to consolidated results. 

Changes in regulatory environment may encumber or impede our efforts
to improve operating results 

Our newspaper and broadcasting operations are subject to government regulation. Changing regulations, particularly FCC
regulations which affect our television stations, may result in increased costs and adversely affect our future profitability. FCC regulations required us to construct digital television stations in all of our television markets, despite the fact
that the new digital stations are unlikely to produce significant additional revenue until consumers have purchased a substantial number of digital television receivers. Congress established Feb. 17, 2009, as the date by which each television
station will be required to return one of the two channels currently assigned to it and operate as a digital facility exclusively. 

All of the
company’s stations have converted to digital television; however, we cannot predict how the transition will affect our broadcast results. In addition, our television stations are required to possess television broadcast licenses from the FCC;
when granted, these licenses are generally granted for a period of eight years. Under certain circumstances the FCC is not required to renew any license and could decline to renew our license applications that are currently pending in 2007.

The degree of success of our investment and acquisition strategy may significantly impact our ability to expand overall profitability 

We intend to continue efforts to identify and complete strategic investments, partnerships and business acquisitions. These efforts may not prove successful. Strategic
investments and partnerships with other companies expose us to risks that we may not be able to control the operations of our investee or partnership, which could decrease the amount of benefits we reap from a particular relationship. Acquisitions
of other businesses may be difficult to integrate with our existing operations, could require an inefficiently high amount of attention from our senior management, might require us to incur additional debt or divert our capital from more profitable
expenditures, and might result in other unanticipated problems and liabilities.