Our
business is subject to many risks. Set forth below are the most significant risks that we face. 

 If we are unable to positively differentiate ourselves from other retailers, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

The retail business is highly competitive. In the past we have been able to compete successfully by differentiating our guests' shopping experience
by creating an attractive value proposition through a careful combination of price, merchandise assortment, convenience, guest service, loyalty programs and marketing efforts. Guest perceptions
regarding the cleanliness and safety of our stores, our in-stock levels and other factors also affect our ability to compete. No single competitive factor is dominant, and actions by our
competitors on any of these factors could have an adverse effect on our sales, gross margins and expenses. 

We
sell many products under our owned and exclusive brands discussed on page 2. These brands are an important part of our business because they differentiate us from other retailers, generally
carry higher margins than national brand products and represent a significant portion of our overall sales. If one or more of these brands experiences a loss of consumer acceptance or confidence, our
sales and gross margins could be adversely affected. 

The
continuing migration and evolution of retailing to online and mobile channels has increased our challenges in differentiating ourselves from other retailers. In particular, consumers are able to
quickly and conveniently comparison shop with digital tools, which can lead to decisions based solely on price. We have been working with our vendors to offer unique and distinctive merchandise, and
encouraging our guests to shop with confidence with our price match policy. Failure to effectively execute in these efforts, actions by our
competitors in response to these efforts or failure of our vendors to manage their own channels and content could hurt our ability to differentiate ourselves from other retailers and, as a result,
have an adverse effect on sales, gross margins and expenses. 

 Our continued success is substantially dependent on positive perceptions of Target which, if eroded, could adversely affect our business and our relationships with our
guests and team members. 

We believe that one of the reasons our guests prefer to shop at Target and our team members choose Target as a place of employment is the reputation
we have built over many years for serving our four primary constituencies: guests, team members, the communities in which we operate and shareholders. To be successful in the future, we must continue
to preserve, grow and leverage the value of Target's reputation. Reputational value is based in large part on perceptions of subjective qualities. While reputations may take decades to build, even
isolated incidents can erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse mainstream and social media publicity, governmental investigations or litigation. Those types of incidents
could have an adverse impact on perceptions and lead to tangible adverse effects on our business, including consumer boycotts, lost sales, loss of new store development opportunities, or team member
retention and recruiting difficulties. 

 If we are unable to successfully develop and maintain a relevant and reliable multichannel experience for our guests, our reputation and results of operations could be
adversely affected. 

Our business has evolved from an in-store experience to interaction with guests across multiple channels (in-store, online,
mobile and social media, among others). Our guests are using computers, tablets, mobile phones and other devices to shop in our stores and online and provide feedback and public commentary about all
aspects of our business. We currently provide full and mobile versions of our website (Target.com), applications for mobile phones and tablets and interact with our guests through social media.
Multichannel retailing is rapidly evolving and we must keep pace with changing guest expectations, and new developments and technology investments by our competitors. If we are unable to attract and
retain team members or contract with third parties having the 

5

Table of Contents

specialized
skills needed to support our multichannel efforts, implement improvements to our guest-facing technology in a timely manner, or provide a convenient and consistent experience for our
guests regardless of the ultimate sales channel, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, if Target.com and our other guest-facing technology
systems do not reliably function as designed,
we may experience a loss of guest confidence, data security breaches, lost sales or be exposed to fraudulent purchases, which, if significant, could adversely affect our reputation and results of
operations. 

 If we fail to anticipate and respond quickly to changing consumer preferences, our sales, gross margins and profitability could suffer. 

A substantial part of our business is dependent on our ability to make trend-right decisions and effectively manage our inventory in a broad range of
merchandise categories, including apparel, home décor, seasonal offerings, food and other merchandise. Failure to accurately predict constantly changing consumer tastes, preferences,
spending patterns and other lifestyle decisions may result in lost sales, spoilage and increased inventory markdowns, which would lead to a deterioration in our results of operations by hurting our
sales, gross margins and profitability. 

 Our earnings are highly susceptible to the state of macroeconomic conditions and consumer confidence in the United States. 

Most of our stores and all of our digital sales are in the United States, making our results highly dependent on U.S. consumer confidence and the
health of the U.S. economy. In addition, a significant portion of our total sales is derived from stores located in five states: California, Texas, Florida, Minnesota and Illinois, resulting in
further dependence on local economic conditions in these states. Deterioration in macroeconomic conditions, consumer confidence and guest financial situations could negatively affect our business in
many ways, including slowing sales growth or reduction in overall sales, and reducing gross margins. These same considerations impact the success of our credit card program. Even though we no longer
own a consumer credit card receivables portfolio, we share in the economic performance of the credit card program with TD Bank Group (TD). Deterioration in macroeconomic conditions could
adversely affect the volume of new credit accounts, the amount of credit card program balances and the ability of credit card holders to pay their balances. These conditions could result in us
receiving lower profit-sharing payments. 

 If we do not effectively manage our large and growing workforce, our labor costs and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

With approximately 361,000 team members, our workforce costs represent our largest operating expense, and our business is dependent on our ability to
attract, train and retain qualified team members. Many of those team members are in entry-level or part-time positions with historically high turnover rates. Our ability to meet our labor
needs while controlling our costs is subject to external factors such as unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, collective bargaining efforts, health care and other benefit costs and changing
demographics. If we are unable to attract and retain adequate numbers of qualified team members, our operations, guest service levels and support functions could suffer. Those
factors, together with increasing wage and benefit costs, could adversely affect our results of operations. As of March 20, 2013, none of our team members were working under collective
bargaining agreements. We are periodically subject to labor organizing efforts. If we become subject to one or more collective bargaining agreements in the future, it could adversely affect our labor
costs and how we operate our business. 

 Lack of availability of suitable locations in which to build new stores could slow our growth, and difficulty in executing plans for new stores, expansions and remodels
could increase our costs and capital requirements. 

Our future growth is dependent, in part, on our ability to build new stores and expand and remodel existing stores in a manner that achieves
appropriate returns on our capital investment. We compete with other retailers and 

6

Table of Contents

businesses
for suitable locations for our stores. In addition, for many sites we are dependent on a third party developer's ability to acquire land, obtain financing and secure the necessary zoning
changes and permits for a larger project, of which our store may be one component. Turmoil in the financial markets may make it difficult for third party developers to obtain financing for new
projects. Local land use and other regulations applicable to the types of stores we desire to construct may affect our ability to find suitable locations and also influence the cost of constructing,
expanding and remodeling our stores. A significant portion of our expected new store sites is located in fully developed markets, which is generally a more time-consuming and expensive
undertaking than expansion into undeveloped suburban and ex-urban markets. 

 Interruptions in our supply chain or increased commodity prices and supply chain costs could adversely affect our gross margins, expenses and results of operations. 

We are dependent on our vendors to supply merchandise in a timely and efficient manner. If a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments, whether due
to financial difficulties or other reasons, we could experience merchandise out-of-stocks that could lead to lost sales. In addition, a large portion of our merchandise is
sourced, directly or indirectly, from outside the United States, with China as our single largest source. Political or financial instability, trade restrictions, the outbreak of pandemics, labor
unrest, transport capacity and costs, port security, weather conditions, natural disasters or other events that could slow port activities and affect foreign trade are beyond our control and could
disrupt our supply of merchandise and/or adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, changes in the costs of procuring commodities used in our merchandise or the costs related to our
supply chain, including labor,
fuel, tariffs, and currency exchange rates could have an adverse effect on gross margins, expenses and results of operations. 

 Failure to address product safety concerns could adversely affect our sales and results of operations. 

If our merchandise offerings, including food, drug and children's products, do not meet applicable safety standards or our guests' expectations
regarding safety, we could experience lost sales and increased costs and be exposed to legal and reputational risk. All of our vendors must comply with applicable product safety laws, and we are
dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with all safety standards. Events that give rise to actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns, including food or drug
contamination, could expose us to government enforcement action or private litigation and result in costly product recalls and other liabilities. In addition, negative guest perceptions regarding the
safety of the products we sell could cause our guests to seek alternative sources for their needs, resulting in lost sales. In those circumstances, it may be difficult and costly for us to regain the
confidence of our guests. 

 If our efforts to protect the security of personal information about our guests and team members are unsuccessful, we could be subject to costly government enforcement
actions and private litigation and our reputation could suffer. 

The nature of our business involves the receipt and storage of personal information about our guests and team members. We have a program in place to
detect and respond to data security incidents. To date, all incidents we have experienced have been insignificant. If we experience a significant data security breach or fail to detect and
appropriately respond to a significant data security breach, we could be exposed to government enforcement actions and private litigation. In addition, our guests could lose confidence in our ability
to protect their personal information, which could cause them to discontinue usage of REDcards, decline to use our pharmacy services, or stop shopping with us altogether. The loss of confidence from a
significant data security breach involving team members could hurt our reputation, cause team member recruiting and retention challenges, increase our labor costs and affect how we operate our
business. 

7

Table of Contents

 Our failure to comply with federal, state or local laws, or changes in these laws could increase our costs, reduce our margins and lower our sales. 

Our business is subject to a wide array of laws and regulations. Significant legislative changes that affect our relationship with our workforce
could increase our expenses and adversely affect our operations. Examples of possible legislative changes affecting our relationship with our workforce include changes to an employer's obligation to
recognize collective bargaining units, the process by which collective bargaining agreements are negotiated or imposed, minimum wage requirements, and health care mandates. In addition, changes in the
regulatory environment regarding topics such as banking and consumer credit, Medicare reimbursements, privacy and information security, product safety, supply chain transparency or environmental
protection, among others, could cause our expenses to increase without an ability to pass through any increased expenses through higher prices. In addition, if we fail to comply with applicable laws
and regulations, particularly wage and hour laws, we could be subject to legal risk, including government enforcement action and class action civil litigation, which could adversely affect our results
of operations by increasing our costs, reducing our margins and lowering our sales. 

 Weather conditions where our stores are located may impact consumer shopping patterns, which alone or together with natural disasters, particularly in areas where our sales
are concentrated, could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions can affect consumer shopping patterns, particularly in apparel and seasonal items, which could
lead to lost sales or greater than expected markdowns and adversely affect our short-term results of operations. In addition, our three largest states, by total sales, are California,
Texas and Florida, areas where hurricanes and earthquakes are more prevalent. Natural disasters in those states or in other areas where our sales are concentrated could result in significant physical
damage to or closure of one or more of our stores or distribution centers, and cause delays in the distribution of merchandise from our vendors to our distribution centers and stores, which could
adversely affect our results of operations by increasing our costs and lowering our sales. 

 Changes in our effective income tax rate could adversely affect our profitability and results of operations. 

Our effective income tax rate is influenced by a number of factors, including changes in tax law, tax treaties, interpretation of existing laws, and
our ability to sustain our reporting positions on examination. Changes in any of those factors could change our effective tax rate, which could adversely affect our profitability and results of
operations. In addition, the expansion of our retail store operations outside of the United States may cause greater volatility in our effective tax rate. 

 If we are unable to access the capital markets or obtain bank credit, our financial position, growth plans, liquidity and results of operations could suffer. 

We are dependent on a stable, liquid and well-functioning financial system to fund our operations and growth plans. In particular, we
have historically relied on the public debt markets to raise capital for new store development and other capital expenditures and the commercial paper market and bank credit facilities to fund
seasonal needs for working capital. Our continued access to these markets depends on multiple factors including the condition of debt capital markets, our operating performance and maintaining strong
debt ratings. If our credit ratings were lowered, our ability to access the debt markets, our cost of funds and other terms for new debt issuances could be adversely impacted. Each of the credit
rating agencies reviews its rating periodically, and there is no guarantee our current credit rating will remain the same. In addition, we use a variety of derivative products to manage our exposure
to market risk, principally interest rate and equity price fluctuations. Disruptions or turmoil in the financial markets could reduce our ability to meet our capital requirements or fund our working
capital needs, and lead to losses on derivative positions resulting from counterparty failures, which could adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 

8

Table of Contents

 A significant disruption in our computer systems could adversely affect our operations. 

We rely extensively on our computer systems to manage inventory, process guest transactions, service REDcard accounts and summarize and analyze
results. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses and malicious attacks, security breaches and catastrophic events. If our
systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage
inventories or process guest transactions, and encounter a loss of guest confidence which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

 If we do not effectively execute our plan to expand retail store operations into Canada, our financial results could be adversely affected. 

Our 2013 entry into the Canadian retail market is our first retail store expansion outside of the United States. Our ability to successfully open the
expected number of Canadian Target stores on schedule depends, in large measure, upon our ability to remodel existing assets, build our supply chain
capabilities and technology systems and recruit, hire and retain qualified team members. In addition, our ability to offer the expected assortment of merchandise in certain markets may be impacted by
the availability of local vendors of certain types of goods. The effective execution of our Canadian retail store expansion is also contingent on our ability to design new marketing programs that
positively differentiate us from other retailers in Canada, and achieve market acceptance by Canadian guests. If we do not effectively execute our expansion plan in Canada, our financial performance
could be adversely affected. 

 A disruption in relationships with third parties who provide us services in connection with certain aspects of our business could adversely affect our operations. 

We rely on third parties to support a variety of business functions, including our Canadian supply chain, portions of our technology systems,
multichannel platforms and distribution network, and extensions of credit for our 5% REDcard Rewards loyalty program. If we are unable to contract with third parties having the specialized skills
needed to support those strategies or integrate their products and services with our business, or if those third parties fail to meet our performance standards and expectations, our reputation, sales
and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, we could face increased costs associated with finding replacement providers or hiring new team members to provide these services
in-house.