Our
business is subject to a variety of risks. The most important of these is our ability to remain relevant to our guests with a brand they trust. Meeting our guests' expectations
requires us to manage various strategic, operational, compliance, reputational, and financial risks. Set forth below are the most significant risks that we face. 

4

Table of Contents

 If we are unable to positively differentiate ourselves from other retailers, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

        The retail business is highly competitive. In the past we have been able to compete successfully by differentiating our guests'
shopping experience by creating an attractive value proposition through a careful combination of price, merchandise assortment, convenience, guest service and marketing efforts. Guest perceptions
regarding the cleanliness and safety of our stores, our in-stock levels, the convenience and reliability of our multichannel guest experience and other factors also affect our ability to
compete. No single competitive factor is dominant, and actions by our competitors on any of these factors could have an adverse effect on our sales, gross margin and expenses. 

 Our continued success is substantially dependent on positive perceptions of Target, including our owned and exclusive brands. 

        We believe that one of the reasons our guests prefer to shop at Target and our team members choose Target as a place of employment is
the reputation we have built over many years of serving our four primary constituencies: guests, team members, the communities in which we operate and shareholders. To be successful in the future, we
must continue to preserve, grow and leverage the value of Target's reputation. Reputational value is based in large part on perceptions of subjective qualities, and even isolated incidents that erode
trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse publicity, governmental investigations or litigation, can have an adverse impact on these perceptions and lead to tangible adverse
effects on our business, including consumer boycotts, loss of new store development opportunities, or team member recruiting difficulties. 

        In
addition, we sell many products under our owned and exclusive brands, such as Market Pantry, up & up, Target Home, Merona and Mossimo. These brands generally carry higher
margins than national brand products, and represent a growing portion of our overall sales, totaling approximately one-third of sales in 2011. If one or more of these brands experiences a
loss of consumer acceptance or confidence, our sales and gross margin rate could be adversely affected. 

 If we are unable to successfully maintain a relevant multichannel experience for our guests, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

        Our guests are increasingly using computers, tablets, mobile phones and other devices to shop in our stores and online. As part of our
multichannel strategy, we offer full and mobile versions of our website (Target.com) and applications for mobile phones and tablets. In addition, we use social media as a way to interact with our
guests and enhance their shopping experiences. Multichannel retailing is rapidly evolving and we must keep pace with changing guest expectations and new developments by our competitors. If we are
unable to attract and retain team members or contract third parties with the specialized skills needed to support our multichannel platforms, or are unable to implement improvements to our
guest-facing technology in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, if Target.com and our other guest-facing technology systems
do not function as designed, we may experience a loss of guest confidence, data security breaches, lost sales or be exposed to fraudulent purchases, which could adversely affect our reputation and
results of operations. 

 If we fail to anticipate and respond quickly to changing consumer preferences, our sales, gross margin and profitability could suffer. 

        A substantial part of our business is dependent on our ability to make trend-right decisions in apparel, home décor,
seasonal offerings, food and other merchandise. Failure to accurately predict constantly changing consumer tastes, preferences, spending patterns and other lifestyle decisions may result in lost
sales, spoilage and increased inventory markdowns, which would lead to a deterioration in our results of operations. 

5

Table of Contents

 We are highly susceptible to the state of macroeconomic conditions and consumer confidence in the United States. 

        All of our stores are currently located within the United States, making our results highly dependent on U.S. consumer confidence and
the health of the U.S. economy. In addition, a significant portion of our total sales is derived from stores located in five states: California, Texas, Florida, Minnesota and Illinois, resulting in
further dependence on local economic conditions in these states. Deterioration in macroeconomic conditions and consumer confidence could negatively affect our business in many ways, including slowing
sales growth or reduction in overall sales, and reducing gross margins. 

        In
addition to the impact of macroeconomic conditions on our retail sales, these same considerations impact the success of our U.S. Credit Card Segment. Deterioration in macroeconomic
conditions can adversely affect cardholders' ability to pay their balances, and we may not be able to fully anticipate and respond to changes in the risk profile of our cardholders when extending
credit, resulting in higher bad debt expense. Demand for consumer credit is also impacted by consumer choices regarding payment methods, and our performance could be adversely affected by consumer
decisions to use third-party debit cards or other forms of payment. 

 If we do not effectively manage our large and growing workforce, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

        With approximately 365,000 team members, our workforce costs represent our largest operating expense, and our business is dependent on
our ability to attract, train and retain qualified team members. Many of those team members are in entry-level or part-time positions with historically high turnover rates. Our ability to
meet our labor needs while controlling our costs is subject to external factors such as unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, collective bargaining efforts, health care and other benefit costs
and changing demographics. If we are unable to attract and retain adequate numbers of qualified team members, our operations, guest service levels and support functions could suffer. Those factors,
together with increasing wage and benefit costs, could adversely affect our results of operations. As of March 15, 2012, none of our team members were working under collective bargaining
agreements. We are periodically subject to labor organizing efforts. If we become subject to one or more collective bargaining agreements in the future, it could adversely affect our labor costs and
how we operate our business. 

 Lack of availability of suitable locations in which to build new stores could slow our growth, and difficulty in executing plans for new stores, expansions and remodels
could increase our costs and capital requirements. 

        Our future growth is dependent, in part, on our ability to build new stores and expand and remodel existing stores in a manner that
achieves appropriate returns on our capital investment. We compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations for our stores. In addition, for many sites we are dependent on a third
party developer's ability to acquire land, obtain financing and secure the
necessary zoning changes and permits for a larger project, of which our store may be one component. Turmoil in the financial markets may make it difficult for third party developers to obtain
financing for new projects. Local land use and other regulations applicable to the types of stores we desire to construct may affect our ability to find suitable locations and also influence the cost
of constructing, expanding and remodeling our stores. A significant portion of our expected new store sites is located in fully developed markets, which is generally a more time-consuming
and expensive undertaking than expansion into undeveloped suburban and ex-urban markets. 

 Interruptions in our supply chain or increased commodity prices and supply chain costs could adversely affect our results. 

        We are dependent on our vendors to supply merchandise in a timely and efficient manner. If a vendor fails to deliver on its
commitments, whether due to financial difficulties or other reasons, we could experience merchandise out-of-stocks that could lead to lost sales. In addition, a large portion
of our merchandise is sourced, directly or 

6

Table of Contents

indirectly,
from outside the United States, with China as our single largest source. Political or financial instability, trade restrictions, the outbreak of pandemics, labor unrest, transport capacity
and costs, port security or other events that could slow port activities and affect foreign trade are beyond our control and could disrupt our supply of merchandise and/or adversely affect our results
of operations. In addition, changes in the costs of procuring commodities used in our merchandise or the costs related to our supply chain, including labor, fuel, tariffs, and currency exchange rates
could have an adverse effect on gross margin, expenses and results of operations. 

 Failure to address product safety concerns could adversely affect our sales and results of operations. 

        If our merchandise offerings, including food, drug and children's products, do not meet applicable safety standards or our guests'
expectations regarding safety, we could experience lost sales and increased costs and be exposed to legal and reputational risk. All of our vendors must comply with applicable product safety laws, and
we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with all safety standards. Events that give rise to actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns, including food or drug
contamination, could expose us to government enforcement action or private litigation and result in costly product recalls and other liabilities. In addition, negative guest perceptions regarding the
safety of the products we sell could cause our guests to seek alternative sources for their needs, resulting in lost sales. In those circumstances, it may be difficult and costly for us to regain the
confidence of our guests. 

 If we fail to protect the security of personal information about our guests and team members, we could be subject to costly government enforcement actions or private
litigation and our reputation could suffer. 

        The nature of our business involves the receipt and storage of personal information about our guests and team members. If we experience
a data security breach, we could be exposed to government enforcement actions and private litigation. In addition, our guests could lose confidence in our ability to protect their personal
information, which could cause them to discontinue usage of our credit card products, decline to use our pharmacy services, or stop shopping at our stores or Target.com altogether. The loss of
confidence from a data security breach involving team members could hurt our reputation and cause team member recruiting and retention challenges. 

 Our failure to comply with federal, state or local laws, or changes in these laws could increase our expenses. 

        Our business is subject to a wide array of laws and regulations. Significant legislative changes that affect our relationship with our
workforce could increase our expenses and adversely affect our operations. Examples of possible legislative changes affecting our relationship with our workforce include changes to an employer's
obligation to recognize collective bargaining units, the process by which collective bargaining agreements are negotiated or imposed, minimum wage requirements, and health care mandates. In addition,
changes in the regulatory environment regarding topics such as banking and consumer credit, Medicare reimbursements, privacy and information security, product safety or environmental protection, among
others, could cause our expenses to increase without an ability to pass through any increased expenses through higher prices. In addition, if we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations,
particularly wage and hour laws, we could be subject to legal risk, including government enforcement action and class action civil litigation, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

 Weather conditions where our stores are located may impact consumer shopping patterns, which alone or together with natural disasters in areas where our sales are
concentrated, could adversely affect our results of operations. 

        Uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions can affect consumer shopping patterns, particularly in apparel and seasonal items,
which could lead to lost sales or greater than expected markdowns and adversely affect our short-term results of operations. In addition, our three largest states, by total sales, are
California, Texas and Florida, areas where hurricanes and earthquakes are more prevalent. Those natural disasters could result in 

7

Table of Contents

significant
physical damage to or closure of one or more of our stores or distribution centers, and cause delays in the distribution of merchandise from our vendors to our distribution centers and
stores, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

 Changes in our effective income tax rate could affect our results of operations. 

        Our effective income tax rate is influenced by a number of factors. Changes in the tax laws, the interpretation of existing laws, or
our failure to sustain our reporting positions on examination could adversely affect our effective tax rate. In addition, our effective income tax rate is influenced inversely by capital market
returns due to the tax-free nature of investment vehicles used to economically hedge our deferred compensation liabilities. 

 If we are unable to access the capital markets or obtain bank credit, our growth plans, liquidity and results of operations could suffer. 

        We are dependent on a stable, liquid and well-functioning financial system to fund our operations and growth plans. In
particular, we have historically relied on the public debt markets to raise capital for new store development and other capital expenditures, the commercial paper market and bank credit facilities to
fund seasonal needs for working capital, and the asset-backed securities markets to partially fund our accounts receivable portfolio. Our continued access to these markets depends on multiple factors
including the condition of debt capital markets, our operating performance and maintaining strong debt ratings. If our credit ratings were lowered, our ability to access the debt markets and our cost
of funds for new debt issuances could be adversely impacted. Each of the credit rating agencies reviews its rating periodically, and there is no guarantee our current credit rating will remain the
same. In addition, we use a variety of derivative products to manage our exposure to market risk, principally interest rate and equity price fluctuations. Disruptions or turmoil in the financial
markets could adversely affect our ability to meet our capital requirements, fund our working capital needs or lead to losses on derivative positions resulting from counterparty failures. 

 A significant disruption in our computer systems could adversely affect our operations. 

        We rely extensively on our computer systems to manage inventory, process guest transactions and summarize results. Our systems are
subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses and malicious attacks, security breaches and catastrophic events. If our systems are damaged or fail
to function properly, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process
guest transactions, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

 Our plan to expand retail operations into Canada could adversely affect our financial results. 

        Our plan to enter the Canadian retail market is our first expansion of retail operations outside of the United States. Our ability to
successfully open the expected number of Canadian Target stores on schedule depends, in large measure, upon our ability to remodel existing assets, build our supply chain capabilities and technology
systems and recruit, hire and retain qualified team members. In addition, access to local suppliers of certain types of goods may limit our ability to offer the expected assortment of merchandise in
certain markets. The effective execution of our strategy is also contingent on our ability to design new marketing programs that positively differentiate us from other retailers in Canada. If we do
not effectively execute our expansion plan in Canada, our financial performance could be adversely affected.