Our
business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties – many of which are beyond our control – that may cause our actual operating results or financial performance to be materially different from our expectations. If one or more of
the events discussed in the following risks were to occur, actual outcomes could differ materially from those expressed in or implied by any forward-looking statements we make in this report or our other filings with the SEC, and our business,
financial condition, results of operations or liquidity could be materially adversely affected. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also negatively affect our business and operations. In
either case, the trading price of our common stock could decline and our shareholders could lose all or part of their investment. 

If we are unable to enter into and retain managed care contractual arrangements on acceptable terms, if we experience material reductions in the contracted rates we receive from managed care payers
or if we have difficulty collecting from managed care payers, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We currently have thousands of managed care contracts with various health maintenance organizations and preferred provider organizations.
The amount of our managed care net patient revenues during the year ended December 31, 2010 was $5.0 billion, which represented approximately 56% of our total net patient revenues. Approximately 63% of our managed care net patient
revenues for the year ended December 31, 2010 was derived from our top ten managed care payers. In the year ended December 31, 2010, our commercial managed care net inpatient revenue per admission from our acute care hospitals
was approximately 72% higher than our aggregate yield on a per admission basis from government payers, including managed Medicare and Medicaid insurance plans. In addition, at December 31, 2010, approximately 57% of our net accounts
receivable were due from managed care payers. 

Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to retain and renew our
managed care contracts and enter into new managed care contracts on terms favorable to us. Other health care providers may impact our ability to enter into acceptable managed care contractual arrangements or negotiate increases in our reimbursement
and other favorable terms and conditions. For example, some of our competitors may negotiate exclusivity provisions with managed care plans or otherwise restrict the ability of managed care companies to contract with us. Furthermore, managed care
payers are continuing to demand discounted fee structures, and the trend toward consolidation among these payers tends to increase their bargaining power. In some cases, commercial managed care payers rely on all or portions of Medicare’s
severity-adjusted diagnosis-related group system to determine payment rates, which could result in decreased reimbursement from some of these payers if levels of payments to health care providers or payment methodologies under the Medicare program
are changed. Other changes to government health care programs, such as the increased obligations on managed care payers imposed by the Affordable Care Act, may negatively impact payments from managed care payers and our ability to negotiate
reimbursement increases. Any material reductions in the contracted rates we receive for our services, coupled with any difficulties in collecting receivables from managed care payers, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows. 

17 

Table of Contents

We cannot predict with certainty the effect that the Affordable Care Act may have on
our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

As enacted, the Affordable Care Act will
change how health care services are covered, delivered and reimbursed. The expansion of health insurance coverage under the law may result in a material increase in the number of patients using our facilities who have either private or public
program coverage. In addition, a disproportionately large percentage of the new Medicaid coverage is likely to be in states that currently have relatively low income eligibility requirements. Two such states are Florida and Texas, where nearly half
of our licensed beds are currently located. On the other hand, the Affordable Care Act provides for significant reductions in the growth of Medicare spending and reductions in Medicare and Medicaid disproportionate share hospital payments. A
significant portion of both our patient volumes and, as result, our revenues is derived from government health care programs, principally Medicare and Medicaid. Reductions to our reimbursement under the Medicare and Medicaid programs by the
Affordable Care Act could adversely affect our business and results of operations to the extent such reductions are not offset by increased revenues from providing care to previously uninsured individuals. 

We are unable to predict with certainty the full impact of the Affordable Care Act on our future revenues and operations at this time due
to the law’s complexity and the limited amount of implementing regulations and interpretive guidance, as well as our inability to foresee how individuals and businesses will respond to the choices available to them under the law. Furthermore,
many of the provisions of the Affordable Care Act that expand insurance coverage will not become effective until 2014 or later. In addition, the Affordable Care Act will result in increased state legislative and regulatory changes in order for
states to comply with new federal mandates, such as the requirement to establish health insurance exchanges and to participate in grants and other incentive opportunities, and we are unable to predict the timing and impact of such changes at this
time. It is also possible that implementation of the Affordable Care Act could be delayed or even blocked due to court challenges and efforts to repeal or amend the law. 

Further changes in the Medicare and Medicaid programs or other government health care programs could have an adverse effect on our business. 

For the year ended December 31, 2010, approximately 23.9% of our net patient revenues were received from the Medicare program,
and approximately 8.7% of our net patient revenues were received from various state Medicaid programs, in each case excluding Medicare and Medicaid managed care programs. In addition to the changes affected by the Affordable Care Act, the Medicare
and Medicaid programs are subject to: other statutory and regulatory changes, administrative rulings, interpretations and determinations concerning patient eligibility requirements, funding levels and the method of calculating payments or
reimbursements, among other things; requirements for utilization review; and federal and state funding restrictions, all of which could materially increase or decrease payments from these government programs in the future, as well as affect the cost
of providing services to our patients and the timing of payments to our facilities, which could in turn adversely affect our overall business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Moreover, the current economic downturn has increased the budgetary pressures on many states, and these budgetary pressures have
resulted, and likely will continue to result, in decreased spending for Medicaid programs and the Children’s Health Insurance Program in several of the states in which we operate. Most states began a new fiscal year on July 1, 2010 and,
although most addressed projected shortfalls in their final budgets, some states are facing mid-year budget gaps. Any shortfalls, now or in the future, whether as a result of the economic downturn, the expansion of Medicaid coverage under the
Affordable Care Act or otherwise, could result in additional reductions to Medicaid payments or additional taxes on hospitals. Further, many states have adopted, or are considering, legislation designed to enroll Medicaid recipients in managed care
programs and/or impose additional taxes on hospitals to help finance or expand the states’ Medicaid systems. 

In general,
we are unable to predict the effect of future government health care funding policy changes on our operations. If the rates paid by governmental payers are reduced, if the scope of services covered by governmental payers is limited or if we or one
or more of our subsidiaries’ hospitals are excluded from participation in the Medicare or Medicaid program or any other government health care program, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations or cash flows. 

Our business continues to be adversely affected by a high volume of uninsured and
underinsured patients, as well as declines in commercial managed care patients. 

Like other organizations in the
health care industry, we continue to provide services to a high volume of uninsured patients and more patients than in prior years with increased burdens of co-payments and deductibles due to changes in their health care plans. As a result, we
continue to experience a high level of uncollectible accounts, and, unless our business mix shifts toward a greater number of insured patients as a result of the Affordable Care Act or otherwise, the trend of higher co-payments and deductibles
reverses, or the economy improves and unemployment rates decline, we anticipate this high level of uncollectible accounts to continue or increase. In addition, even after implementation of the Affordable Care Act, we may continue to experience bad
debts and have to provide uninsured discounts and charity care for undocumented aliens who are not permitted to enroll in a health insurance exchange or government health care program. 

18 

Table of Contents

Over the past several years, we have experienced declines in our commercial managed care
volumes, which in the aggregate generate substantially higher yields than Medicare and Medicaid volumes. The declines in our commercial managed care volumes are due, in part, to the related effects of higher unemployment and reductions in commercial
managed care enrollment. In addition, we believe our commercial managed care volumes may have been adversely impacted by the expiration of federal subsidies for those unemployed individuals and their family members who have been receiving subsidized
continued health insurance coverage under their former employers’ health plans. 

We operate in a highly competitive
industry, and competition is one reason for declines we may experience in patient volumes. 

Overall, our general
hospitals and other health care businesses operate in highly competitive environments, and we believe the declines we have experienced in patient volumes over the last several years can be attributed, in part, to increased competition for physicians
and patients. Generally, other hospitals in the local communities we serve provide services similar to those offered by our hospitals. Some of the facilities that compete with our hospitals are owned by government agencies or not-for-profit
organizations. These tax-exempt competitors may have certain financial advantages not available to our facilities, such as endowments, charitable contributions, tax-exempt financing, and exemptions from sales, property and income taxes. We also face
increased competition from specialty hospitals (some of which are physician-owned) and unaffiliated freestanding surgery, diagnostic and imaging centers for market share in high margin services and for quality physicians and personnel. If competing
health care providers are better able to attract patients, recruit and retain physicians, expand services or obtain favorable managed care contracts at their facilities, our patient volume levels may suffer. 

If we are unable to recruit and retain an appropriate number of quality physicians on the medical staffs of our hospitals, our
business may suffer. 

The success of our business depends in significant part on the number, quality and specialties
of the physicians on the medical staffs of our hospitals, the admitting practices of those physicians and maintaining good relations with those physicians. Although we operate some physician practices and, where permitted by law, employ some
physicians, physicians are often not employees of the hospitals at which they practice and, in many of the markets we serve, most physicians have admitting privileges at other hospitals in addition to our hospitals. Such physicians may terminate
their affiliation with our hospitals or admit their patients to competing hospitals at any time. In some of our markets, physician recruitment and retention are affected by a shortage of physicians in certain sought-after specialties and the
difficulties that physicians experience in obtaining affordable malpractice insurance or finding insurers willing to provide such insurance. Other issues facing physicians, such as proposed decreases in Medicare payments, are forcing them to
consider alternatives, including relocating their practices or retiring sooner than expected. If we are unable to attract and retain sufficient numbers of quality physicians by providing adequate support personnel, technologically advanced equipment
and hospital facilities that meet the needs of those physicians and their patients, physicians may be discouraged from referring patients to our facilities, admissions may decrease and our operating performance may decline. 

Our labor costs could be adversely affected by competition for staffing, the shortage of experienced nurses and labor union
activity. 

Our operations depend on the efforts, abilities and experience of our management and medical support
personnel, including nurses, pharmacists and lab technicians, as well as our employed physicians. We compete with other health care providers in recruiting and retaining physicians and qualified management responsible for the daily operations of our
hospitals. In addition, like others in the health care industry, we continue to experience a shortage of experienced nurses in certain key specialties and geographic areas. As a result, from time to time, we may be required to enhance wages and
benefits to recruit and retain experienced nurses or hire more expensive temporary or contract personnel. Furthermore, state-mandated nurse-staffing ratios in California affect not only our labor costs, but, if we are unable to hire the necessary
number of experienced nurses to meet the required ratios, they may also cause us to limit patient admissions with a corresponding adverse effect on our net operating revenues. In general, our failure to recruit and retain qualified management,
experienced nurses and other medical support personnel, or to control labor costs, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Increased labor union activity is another factor that could adversely affect our labor costs. At December 31, 2010,
approximately 20% of the employees at our hospitals and related health care facilities were represented by various labor unions. To date, labor unions represent employees at 15 of our general hospitals, and we are in the process of
renegotiating the collective bargaining agreements for nearly all of these facilities. At this time, we are unable to predict the outcome of the negotiations, but increases in salaries, wages and benefits could result from renegotiated agreements.
Moreover, there is a possibility that strikes could occur during the renegotiation process, which could increase our labor costs and have an adverse effect on our patient admissions and net operating revenues. In addition, under the current terms of
the peace accords we have with two labor unions, up to 10 of our general hospitals may be subject to union organizing activities in 2011, and certain 

19 

Table of Contents

potential changes in federal labor laws and regulations could increase the likelihood of employee unionization attempts. We are unable to predict the outcome of union organizing activities by
labor unions and employees at this time; however, to the extent a greater portion of our employee base unionizes, it is possible our labor costs could increase materially. 

Our licensed hospital beds are heavily concentrated in certain market areas in Florida, Texas and California, which makes us sensitive to economic, regulatory, environmental and other conditions in
those areas. 

As of December 31, 2010, the largest concentrations of licensed beds in our general hospitals
were in Florida (25.9%), Texas (19.5%) and California (17.3%). These concentrations increase the risk that, should any adverse economic, regulatory, environmental or other condition occur in these areas, our overall business,
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 

Furthermore, a natural
disaster or other catastrophic event could affect us more significantly than other companies with less geographic concentration, and the property insurance we obtain may not be adequate to cover our losses. In the past, hurricanes have had a
disruptive effect on the operations of our hospitals in Florida and Texas and the patient populations in those states. Our California operations could be adversely affected by a major earthquake or wildfires in that state. Moreover, we currently
expect to spend a total of approximately $31 million (unadjusted for inflation) to comply with the requirements of California’s seismic regulations for hospitals, of which approximately $27 million was spent prior to
January 1, 2011. 

Our business and financial results could be harmed by violations of existing regulations or
compliance with new or changed regulations. 

Our business is subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation
relating to, among other things, licensure, conduct of operations, ownership of facilities, physician relationships, addition of facilities and services, and reimbursement rates for services. The laws, rules and regulations governing the health care
industry are extremely complex and, in certain areas, the industry has little or no regulatory or judicial interpretation for guidance. If a determination is made that we were in material violation of such laws, rules or regulations, we could be
subject to penalties or liabilities or required to make significant changes to our operations. Even the public announcement that we are being investigated for possible violations of these laws could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations, and our business reputation could suffer. Furthermore, health care, as one of the largest industries in the United States, continues to attract much legislative interest and public attention. We are
unable to predict the future course of federal, state and local regulation or legislation, including Medicare and Medicaid statutes and regulations. Further changes in the regulatory framework affecting health care providers could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

We are also required to comply with
various federal and state labor laws, rules and regulations governing a variety of workplace wage and hour issues. From time to time, we have been and expect to continue to be subject to regulatory proceedings and private litigation concerning our
application of such laws, rules and regulations. 

The current economic downturn and other economic factors have
impacted, and may continue to impact, our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We continue to be
impacted by a number of industry-wide challenges, including declines in patient volumes and high levels of bad debt. We believe factors associated with the current economic downturn – including higher levels of unemployment, reductions in
commercial managed care enrollment, and patient decisions to postpone or cancel elective and non-emergency health care procedures – have had some impact on our volumes and have affected our ability to collect outstanding receivables. If
industry trends or general economic conditions worsen, we may not be able to sustain future profitability, and our liquidity and ability to repay our outstanding debt may be harmed. 

Furthermore, the availability of liquidity and credit to fund the continuation and expansion of many business operations worldwide has
been limited in recent years. Our ability to access the capital markets on acceptable terms may be severely restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to access those markets, which could have a negative impact on our growth plans, our
flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions, and our ability to refinance existing debt. The current economic downturn or other economic conditions could also adversely affect the counterparties to our agreements,
including the lenders under our senior secured revolving credit facility, causing them to fail to meet their obligations to us. 

Trends affecting our actual or anticipated results may lead to charges that would adversely affect our results of operations.

As a result of factors that have affected our industry generally and our business specifically, we have been required
to record various charges in our results of operations. Our impairment tests presume stable, improving or, in some cases, declining results in our hospitals, which are based on programs and initiatives being implemented that are designed to achieve
the hospital’s 

20 

Table of Contents

most recent projections. If these projections are not met, or if in the future negative trends occur that impact our future outlook, further impairments of long-lived assets and goodwill may
occur, and we may incur additional restructuring charges. Future restructuring of our operating structure that changes our goodwill reporting units could also result in future impairments of our goodwill. Any such charges could adversely affect our
results of operations. 

The amount and terms of our current and any future debt could, among other things, adversely
affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations and limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry. 

As of December 31, 2010, we had approximately $4.0 billion of total long-term debt, as well as approximately $181 million in standby letters of credit outstanding under our senior
secured revolving credit facility, which is collateralized by patient accounts receivable of all of our wholly owned acute care and specialty hospitals. From time to time, we expect to engage in additional capital markets, bank credit and other
financing activities depending on our needs and financing alternatives available at that time. 

The terms and conditions in
our senior secured revolving credit agreement and the indentures governing our outstanding senior notes, and our payment obligations under these agreements, could have important consequences to our business and to holders of our securities,
including the following: 

•

 Our credit agreement and the indentures contain, and any future debt obligations may contain, covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability
to pay dividends, incur additional debt and sell assets. Our credit agreement also requires us to maintain a financial ratio relating to our ability to satisfy certain fixed expenses, including interest payments. The indentures governing our
outstanding senior secured notes contain covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to incur liens, consummate asset sales, enter into sale and lease-back transactions or consolidate, merge or sell
all or substantially all of our or their assets. If we do not comply with these obligations, it may cause an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could require us to repay the indebtedness immediately. 

•

 We may be more vulnerable in the event of a deterioration in our business, in the health care industry or in the economy generally, or if federal or
state governments set further limitations on reimbursement under the Medicare or Medicaid programs. 

•

 We may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, which could reduce
the amount of funds available for our operations, capital expenditures or acquisitions. 

We have the ability
to incur additional indebtedness in the future, subject to the restrictions contained in our credit agreement and the indentures governing our outstanding senior notes. If new indebtedness is added to our current debt levels, the related risks that
we now face could intensify. 

The unsolicited acquisition proposal we received in November 2010 and the proxy contest
initiated in January 2011 may require the expenditure of significant time and resources and create uncertainty that could adversely affect our business. 

On November 12, 2010, we received an unsolicited proposal from Community Health Systems, Inc. (“Community”) to acquire all outstanding shares of Tenet Healthcare Corporation for $6.00 per
share in cash and stock. Our board of directors, after carefully evaluating the proposal made by Community and after consultation with our financial and legal advisors, unanimously determined that Community’s proposal was not in the best
interests of the Company or our shareholders. On January 14, 2011, Community initiated a proxy contest by nominating 10 candidates for election to our board of directors at our 2011 annual meeting of shareholders. Community’s offer
and the proxy contest may create uncertainty for our employees, which could adversely affect our ability to retain key employees and hire new talent. Community’s actions may also create uncertainty for current and potential business partners,
which could cause them to terminate, or not to renew or enter into, arrangements with us. Furthermore, the proxy contest may require the expenditure of significant time and resources by the Company and our management. In addition, the Company and
our board of directors are defendants in six purported shareholder class action complaints relating to Community’s proposal as more fully described in Item 3, Legal Proceedings, of this report. These lawsuits or any future similar or
related lawsuits may become time consuming and expensive. In general, all of these consequences, alone or in combination, may harm our business. 

21 

Table of Contents

The utilization of our tax losses could be substantially limited if we experience an
ownership change as defined in the Internal Revenue Code. 

Because of net operating losses we have experienced for
federal income tax purposes, at December 31, 2010, we had federal net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforwards of approximately $2.2 billion pretax available to offset future taxable income. Our ability to utilize NOL carryforwards to
reduce future taxable income may be limited under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code if certain ownership changes in our company occur during a rolling three-year period. These ownership changes include the offering of stock by us, the
purchase or sale of our stock by 5% shareholders, as defined in the Treasury regulations, or the issuance or exercise of rights to acquire our stock. If such ownership changes by 5% shareholders result in aggregate increases that exceed 50
percentage points during the three-year period, then Section 382 imposes an annual limitation on the amount of our taxable income that may be offset by our NOL carryforwards or tax credit carryforwards at the time of ownership change. The
limitation may affect the amount of our deferred income tax asset and, depending on the limitation, a significant portion of our NOL carryforwards or tax credit carryforwards could expire before we are able to use them. In such an event, our
business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be adversely affected. 

We believe that we have not
experienced an ownership change under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code as of February 18, 2011; however, the amount by which our ownership may change in the future could be affected by purchases and sales of stock by
5% shareholders, the conversion of our outstanding mandatory convertible preferred stock and new issuances of stock by us, should we choose to do so. In January 2011, our board of directors adopted a Section 382 rights agreement as a
measure intended to deter such ownership changes in order to preserve our NOL carryforwards. The Section 382 rights agreement may not prevent an ownership change, however. In addition, while the Section 382 rights agreement is in effect,
it could discourage or prevent a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or accumulations of substantial blocks of shares for which some shareholders might receive a premium above market value. It could also adversely affect the liquidity of the market
for our stock.