Our business is subject to a number
of risks and uncertainties—many of which are beyond our control—that may cause our actual operating results or financial performance to be materially different from our expectations. If one or more of the events discussed in the following
risks were to occur, actual outcomes could differ materially from those expressed in or implied by any forward-looking statements we make in this report or our other filings with the SEC, and our business, financial condition, results of operations
or liquidity could be materially adversely affected. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also negatively affect our business and operations. In either case, the trading price of our
common stock could decline and shareholders could lose all or part of their investment. 

If we are unable to enter into managed care
provider arrangements on acceptable terms, or if we have difficulty collecting from managed care payers, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We currently have thousands of managed care contracts with various health maintenance organizations and preferred provider organizations. The amount of our managed care net patient revenue from our continuing general
hospitals during the year ended December 31, 2008 was $4.6 billion, which represented approximately 54.8% of our total net patient revenues from continuing general hospitals. Approximately 61% of our managed care net patient revenues
for the year ended December 31, 2008 was derived from our top ten managed care payers. At December 31, 2008, approximately 55% of our net accounts receivable related to continuing operations were due from managed care payers.

It would harm our business if we were unable to enter into managed care provider arrangements on acceptable terms. Any material reductions
in the payments that we receive for our services, coupled with any difficulties in collecting receivables from managed care payers, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Changes in the Medicare and Medicaid programs or other government health care programs could have an adverse effect on our business.

For the year ended December 31, 2008, approximately 25.4% of our net patient revenues from our continuing general
hospitals were received from the Medicare program, and approximately 8.4% of our net patient revenues from our continuing general hospitals were received from various state Medicaid programs, in each case excluding Medicare and Medicaid managed care
programs. The Medicare and Medicaid programs are subject to: statutory and regulatory changes, administrative rulings, interpretations and determinations concerning patient eligibility requirements, funding levels and the method of calculating
payments or reimbursements, among other things; requirements for utilization review; and federal and state funding restrictions, all of which could materially increase or decrease payments from these government programs in the future, as well as
affect the cost of providing services to our patients and the timing of payments to our facilities. 

Several states in which we operate
have recently faced budgetary challenges that resulted in reduced Medicaid funding levels to hospitals and other providers. Further, although most states addressed projected 2008/2009 budgetary gaps in their final budgets, because of the recent
economic downturn, many states (including Florida and California) are facing mid-year budget gaps that could result in additional reductions to Medicaid payments, coverage and eligibility or additional taxes on hospitals. 

16 

Table of Contents

In general, we are unable to predict the effect of future government health care funding policy changes
on our operations. If the rates paid by governmental payers are reduced, if the scope of services covered by governmental payers is limited or if we, or one or more of our subsidiaries’ hospitals, are excluded from participation in the Medicare
or Medicaid program or any other government health care program, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Our business continues to be adversely affected by a high volume of uninsured and underinsured patients, as well as declines in commercial managed
care patients. 

Like other organizations in the health care industry, we continue to provide services to a high volume of uninsured
patients and more patients than in prior years with an increased burden of co-payments and deductibles as a result of changes in their health care plans. As a result, we continue to experience a high level of uncollectible accounts, and, unless our
business mix shifts toward a greater number of insured patients or the trend of higher co-payments and deductibles reverses, we anticipate this high level of uncollectible accounts to continue or increase. 

At the same time, we continue to experience declines in our commercial managed care volumes, which in the aggregate generate substantially higher yields
than Medicare and Medicaid volumes. In the year ended December 31, 2008, same-hospital commercial managed care admissions declined 3.0% and same-hospital commercial managed care outpatient visits declined 0.2% compared to the year ended
December 31, 2007. In particular, our levels of elective procedures, due to the related effects of higher unemployment and reductions in commercial managed care enrollment, may be materially impacted if the current economic environment
continues. 

We operate in a highly competitive industry, and competition is one reason for declines we may experience in patient
volumes. 

A number of factors affect patient volumes and, thereby, our results of operations at our hospitals and related health
care facilities, including the influence of local health care competitors. Generally, other hospitals in the local communities we serve provide services similar to those offered by our hospitals. Some of the hospitals that compete with our hospitals
are owned by government agencies or not-for-profit organizations. Tax-exempt competitors may have certain financial advantages not available to our facilities, such as endowments, charitable contributions, tax-exempt financing, and exemptions from
sales, property and income taxes. In certain states, including California, some not-for-profit hospitals are permitted by law to directly employ physicians while for-profit hospitals are prohibited from doing so. We also face increasing competition
from physician-owned specialty hospitals and freestanding surgery, diagnostic and imaging centers for market share in high margin services and for quality physicians and personnel. If competing health care providers are better able to attract more
patients, recruit and retain physicians, expand services or obtain favorable managed care contracts at their facilities, our patient volume levels may suffer. 

Our business and financial condition could be harmed if we are not able to attract and retain employees, physicians and other health care professionals, and our labor costs continue to be adversely affected by
union activity and the shortage of nurses. 

Our operations depend on the efforts, abilities and experience of our employees and the
physicians on the medical staffs of our hospitals, most of whom have no contractual relationship with us. It is essential to our ongoing business that we attract and retain skilled employees and an appropriate number of quality physicians and other
health care professionals in all specialties on our medical staffs. In some of our markets, physician recruitment and retention are affected by a shortage of physicians in certain sought-after specialties and the difficulties that physicians
experience in obtaining affordable malpractice insurance or finding insurers willing to provide such insurance. Other issues facing physicians, such as proposed decreases in Medicare payments, are forcing them to consider alternatives, including
relocating their practices or retiring sooner than expected. In some of our markets, we have not been able to attract physicians to our medical staffs at a rate to offset the physicians relocating or retiring. In general, the loss of some or all of
our key employees or the inability to attract or retain sufficient numbers of qualified physicians and other health care professionals could have a material adverse effect on patient volumes and, thereby, our business, financial condition, results
of operations or cash flows. 

Factors that adversely affect our labor costs include union activity, the nationwide shortage of nurses and
the enactment of state laws regarding nurse-staffing ratios. At December 31, 2008, approximately 21% of the employees at our hospitals and related health care facilities in both continuing and discontinued operations were represented by
labor unions, and we (and the hospital industry in general) are continuing to see an increase in the amount of union activity across the country. Further, the national nursing shortage continues and remains more serious in key specialties and in
certain geographic areas than others, 

17 

Table of Contents

including several areas in which we operate hospitals. The nursing shortage has been a significant operating issue to health care providers, including
us, and has resulted in increased labor costs for nursing personnel. In addition, state-mandated nurse-staffing ratios in California affect not only our labor costs, but, if we are unable to hire the necessary number of nurses to meet the required
ratios, they may also cause us to limit patient admissions with a corresponding adverse effect on our net operating revenues. We cannot predict the degree to which we will be affected by future union activity or the future availability or cost of
nursing personnel, but we expect to continue to experience significant salary, wage and benefit pressures. In addition, we have been and may continue to be required to increase our use of temporary personnel, which is typically more expensive
than hiring full-time or part-time employees. 

Our licensed hospital beds are heavily concentrated in certain market areas in
Florida, California and Texas, which makes us sensitive to economic, regulatory, environmental and other developments in those areas. 

As of December 31, 2008, the largest concentrations of licensed beds in our general hospitals were in Florida (24.3%), California (21.6%) and Texas (18.3%). Such concentrations increase the risk that, should any adverse
economic, regulatory, environmental or other developments occur in these areas, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 

Specifically, a natural disaster or other catastrophic event could affect us more significantly than other companies with less geographic concentration.
In the recent past, hurricanes have had a disruptive effect on the operations of our hospitals in Florida and Texas, as well as in Louisiana, and the patient populations in those states. Our California operations could be adversely affected by a
major earthquake or wildfires in that state. Moreover, at December 31, 2008, we expected to spend a total of approximately $147 million (unadjusted for inflation) to comply with the requirements under California’s seismic
regulations for hospitals. 

Our business and financial results could be harmed by violations of existing regulations or compliance
with new or changed regulations. 

Our business is subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation relating to, among other
things, licensure, conduct of operations, ownership of facilities, physician relationships, addition of facilities and services, and reimbursement rates for services. The laws, rules and regulations governing the health care industry are extremely
complex, and, in certain areas, the industry has little or no regulatory or judicial interpretation for guidance. If a determination is made that we were in material violation of such laws, rules or regulations, we could be subject to penalties or
liabilities or required to make significant changes to our operations. In addition, health care, as one of the largest industries in the United States, continues to attract much legislative interest and public attention. We are unable to predict the
future course of federal, state and local regulation or legislation, including Medicare and Medicaid statutes and regulations. Further changes in the regulatory framework affecting health care providers could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Our operations have not been profitable for most of the last
several years, and, if our turnaround strategy is not successful, our business operations and financial results may not improve and could worsen. 

We reported losses from continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2003 through 2007. These results of operations reflect the challenges we have faced in restructuring our business to focus on a
smaller group of general hospitals. We have been executing a turnaround strategy designed to improve profitability and margins through initiatives to grow volumes, maintain adequate reimbursement levels and control costs. However, our turnaround
timeframe has been impacted by company-specific challenges and overall industry trends, including declines in patient volumes over the last several years and high bad debt levels, which continue to negatively affect our revenue growth and operating
results. If our turnaround strategy is not successful or the industry trends worsen, we may not be able to achieve or sustain future profitability, and our liquidity and ability to repay our outstanding debt may be harmed. 

18 

Table of Contents

Trends affecting our actual or anticipated results may lead to charges that would adversely affect
our results of operations. 

As a result of the various factors that affect our industry generally and our business specifically, we
have been required to record charges in our results of operations. Based on future financial trends and the possible impact of negative trends on our future outlook, further impairments of long-lived assets and goodwill may occur, and we will incur
additional restructuring charges. Future restructuring of our operating structure that changes our goodwill reporting units could also result in further impairments of our goodwill. Any such charges could adversely affect our results of operations.

The recent worldwide financial and credit crisis could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

The recent worldwide financial and credit crisis has reduced the availability of liquidity and credit to
fund the continuation and expansion of many business operations worldwide. This shortage of liquidity and credit, combined with recent substantial losses in worldwide equity markets, could lead to an extended worldwide economic recession and
result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to access the capital markets may be severely restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to access those markets, which could have
a negative impact on our growth plans, our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions, and our ability to refinance existing debt. The financial and credit crisis also could have an impact on the lenders under our credit
facilities, causing them to fail to meet their obligations to us. In addition, our levels of elective procedures and our ability to collect accounts receivable, due to the effects of higher unemployment and reductions in commercial managed care
enrollment, may be materially impacted if the current economic environment continues. 

Our substantial leverage could have a material
adverse effect on our operations. 

We are a highly leveraged company. As of December 31, 2008, we had approximately
$4.8 billion of total long-term debt, as well as approximately $196 million in letters of credit outstanding under our senior secured revolving credit facility, which is collateralized by patient accounts receivable at our acute care and
specialty hospitals. In addition, in early 2009, we made an offer to exchange up to $1.6 billion aggregate principal amount of our outstanding notes maturing in December 2011 and June 2012 for an equal aggregate principal amount of two new series of
senior secured notes maturing in 2015 and 2018 in a private placement. As of the filing date of this report, the offer remained open. Any new notes ultimately issued as part of the exchange offer will be guaranteed by and secured by a pledge of the
capital stock and other ownership interests of certain of our subsidiaries. Although the total amount of our long-term debt will not change as a result of the exchange offer, the interest rates on the new notes actually issued in connection with the
exchange offer will be higher than the interest rates on our existing 2011 and 2012 notes, resulting in increased interest expense for us. We may also be required to record a significant net gain in connection with the exchange offer, primarily
based on the anticipated fair value of the new notes. From time to time, we expect to engage in additional capital markets, bank credit and other financing activities depending on our needs and financing alternatives available at that time.

Our leverage and debt service obligations could have important consequences to an investor, including the following: 

•

 Our credit agreement and the indentures governing our senior notes contain, and any future debt obligations may contain, covenants that, among other things,
restrict our ability to pay dividends, incur additional debt and sell assets. If we do not comply with these obligations, it may cause an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could require us to repay the indebtedness immediately.

•

 We may be more vulnerable in the event of a deterioration in our business, in the health care industry, in the economy generally or if federal or state governments
set further limitations on reimbursement under the Medicare or Medicaid programs. 

•

 We may have difficulty obtaining additional financing at economically acceptable interest rates and other terms to meet our requirements for working capital,
capital expenditures, the payment of judgments or settlements, or general corporate purposes. 

•

 We may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, which could reduce the amount of
funds available for our operations. 

19 

Table of Contents