Our business is
subject to a number of risks and uncertainties—many of which are beyond our
control—that may cause our actual operating results or financial performance to
be materially different from our expectations. If one or more of the events
discussed in the following risks were to occur, actual outcomes could differ
materially from those expressed in or implied by any forward-looking statements
we make in this report or our other filings with the SEC, and our business,
financial condition, results of operations or liquidity could be materially
adversely affected. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known, or
that we currently deem immaterial, may also negatively affect our business and
operations. In either case, the trading price of our common stock could decline
and shareholders could lose all or part of their investment.

If we
are unable to enter into managed care provider arrangements on acceptable
terms, or if we have difficulty collecting from managed care payers, our results
of operations could be adversely affected.

We currently have
thousands of managed care contracts with various health maintenance
organizations and preferred provider organizations. The amount of our managed
care net patient revenue from our continuing general hospitals during the year
ended December 31, 2006 was $4.4 billion, which represented approximately 52.3%
of our total net patient revenues. Approximately 59% of our managed care net
patient revenues through December 31, 2006 were derived from our top ten
managed care payers. At December 31, 2006, approximately 54% of our net
accounts receivable related to continuing operations were due from managed care
payers.

It would harm our
business if we were unable to enter into managed care provider arrangements on
acceptable terms. Any material reductions in the payments that we receive for
our services, coupled with any difficulties in collecting receivables from
managed care payers, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results
of operations or cash flows.

Changes
in the Medicare and Medicaid programs or other government health care programs
could have an adverse effect on our business.

For the year ended
December 31, 2006, approximately 26.5% of our net patient revenues from our
continuing general hospitals were received from the Medicare program, and
approximately 9% of our net patient revenues from our continuing general
hospitals were received from various state Medicaid programs, in each case
excluding Medicare and Medicaid managed care programs. The Medicare and
Medicaid programs are subject to: 
statutory and regulatory changes, administrative rulings,
interpretations and determinations concerning patient eligibility requirements,
funding levels and the method of calculating payments or reimbursements, among
other things; requirements for utilization review; and federal and state
funding restrictions, all of which could materially increase or decrease
payments from these government programs in the future, as well as affect the
cost of providing services to our patients and the timing of payments to our
facilities. We are

16

unable to predict the
effect of future government health care funding policy changes on our
operations. If the rates paid by governmental payers are reduced, if the scope
of services covered by governmental payers is limited or if we, or one or more
of our subsidiaries’ hospitals, are excluded from participation in the Medicare
or Medicaid program or any other government health care program, there could be
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations or cash flows.

Our business continues to be adversely affected by a high volume of
uninsured and underinsured patients.

Like other
organizations in the health care industry, we continue to provide services to a
high volume of uninsured patients and more patients than in prior years with an
increased burden of co-payments and deductibles as a result of changes in their
health care plans. Although the discounting components of our Compact with Uninsured Patients have reduced our provision
for doubtful accounts recorded in our Consolidated Financial Statements, they
are not expected to mitigate the net economic effects of treating uninsured or
underinsured patients. We continue to experience a high level of uncollectible
accounts, and, unless our business mix shifts toward a greater number of
insured patients or the trend of higher co-payments and deductibles reverses,
we anticipate this high level of uncollectible accounts to continue.

We
operate in a highly competitive industry, and competition is one reason for our
recent declines in patient volumes.

A number of
factors affect patient volumes and, thereby, our results of operations at our
hospitals and related health care facilities, including the influence of local
health care competitors. Generally, other hospitals in the local communities we
serve provide services similar to those offered by our hospitals. Some of the
hospitals that compete with our hospitals are owned by government agencies or
not-for-profit corporations. Tax-exempt
competitors may have certain financial advantages not available to our
facilities, such as endowments, charitable contributions, tax-exempt financing,
and exemptions from sales, property and income taxes. In certain states,
including California, some not-for-profit hospitals are permitted by law to
directly employ physicians while for-profit hospitals are prohibited from doing
so. We also face increasing competition from physician-owned specialty
hospitals and freestanding surgery, diagnostic and imaging centers for market
share in high margin services and for quality physicians and personnel. If
competing health care providers are better able to attract patients, recruit
and retain physicians, expand services or obtain favorable managed care
contracts at their facilities, we may continue to experience a decline in
inpatient and outpatient volume levels.

The
ultimate resolution of claims, lawsuits and investigations could adversely
affect our financial condition.

In June 2006,
Tenet entered into a broad civil settlement agreement with the U.S. Department
of Justice and other federal agencies that concluded several previously
disclosed governmental investigations, including inquiries into our receipt of
certain Medicare outlier payments before 2003, physician financial arrangements
and Medicare coding issues, as well as various whistleblower actions brought by
private citizens on behalf of the government concerning allegedly excessive or
inappropriate claims to government health care programs. With this global
settlement and the settlement of a number of other matters, which were
disclosed in prior filings, we resolved the majority of the lawsuits and
investigations related to legacy issues that had been ongoing for the past
several years. For the year ended December
31, 2006, we recorded total costs of $731 million in connection with
significant legal proceedings and investigations.

While we cannot
predict the likelihood of future claims or inquiries, new matters may be
initiated against us from time to time. These matters could:

·
                    Require us to
pay substantial damages or amounts in judgments or settlements, which
individually or in the aggregate could exceed amounts, if any, that may be
recovered under our insurance policies where coverage applies and is available;

·
                    Cause us to
incur substantial expenses;

·
                    Require
significant time and attention from our management; and

·
                    Cause us to
close or sell hospitals or otherwise modify the way we conduct business.

The results of
claims, lawsuits and investigations also cannot be predicted. We recognize
that, where appropriate, our interests may be best served by resolving certain
matters without litigation. If non-litigated resolution is not appropriate or
possible with respect to a particular matter, we will defend ourselves
vigorously. The ultimate resolution of significant claims against us,
individually or in the aggregate, whether as a result of litigation or
settlement, could have a material adverse effect on our business (both in the
near and long term), financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

17

Our business and financial condition could be harmed if we are not able
to attract and retain employees, physicians and other health care
professionals, and our labor costs continue to be adversely affected by union
activity and the shortage of nurses.

Our operations
depend on the efforts, abilities and experience of our employees and the
physicians on the medical staffs of our hospitals, most of whom have no
long-term contractual relationship with us. It is essential to our ongoing
business that we attract and retain skilled employees and an appropriate number
of quality physicians and other health care professionals in all specialties on
our medical staffs. In some of our markets, physician recruitment and retention
are affected by a shortage of physicians in certain sought-after specialties
and the difficulties that physicians are experiencing in obtaining affordable
malpractice insurance or finding insurers willing to provide such insurance. In
addition, we believe physician attrition is one of the reasons for our recent
volume declines. If we are unable to build stronger relationships with the
physicians who admit patients both to our hospitals and to our competitors’
hospitals, we expect these volume declines to continue. In general, the loss of
some or all of our key employees or the inability to attract or retain
sufficient numbers of qualified physicians and other health care professionals
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows.

Factors that
adversely affect our labor costs include union activity, the nationwide
shortage of nurses and the enactment of state laws regarding nurse-staffing
ratios. At December 31, 2006, approximately 19% of our employees were
represented by labor unions, and we (and the hospital industry in general) are
seeing an increase in the amount of union activity, particularly in California.
Further, the national nursing shortage continues and remains more serious in
key specialties and in certain geographic areas than others, including several
areas in which we operate hospitals. In addition, state-mandated
nurse-staffing ratios in California affect not only our labor costs, but,
if we are unable to hire the necessary number of nurses to meet the required
ratios, they may also cause us to limit patient admissions with a corresponding
adverse effect on our net operating revenues. In response to these trends, we
have enhanced salaries, wages and benefits to recruit and retain
nurses. We cannot predict the degree to which we will be affected by
future union activity or the future availability or cost of nursing personnel,
but we expect to continue to experience significant salary, wage and benefit
pressures. In addition, we have been and may continue to be required to
increase our use of temporary personnel, which is typically more expensive than
hiring full-time or part-time employees.

Our licensed hospital beds are heavily concentrated in certain market
areas in California, Florida and Texas, which makes us sensitive to economic,
regulatory, environmental and other developments in those areas.

As of December 31,
2006, the largest concentrations of licensed beds in our general hospitals were
in California (23.6%), Florida (22.8%) and Texas (18.3%). Such concentrations
increase the risk that, should any adverse economic, regulatory, environmental
or other development occur in these areas, our business, financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows could be materially adversely affected.

Specifically, a
natural disaster or other catastrophic event could affect us more significantly
than other companies with less geographic concentration. In the recent past,
hurricanes have had a disruptive effect on the operations of our hospitals in
Florida and Texas, as well as in Louisiana, and the patient populations in
those states. Our California operations could be adversely affected by a major
earthquake in that state. Moreover, we currently anticipate spending
approximately $516 million through 2013 to comply with the requirements
under California’s seismic regulations for hospitals.

Our business and financial
results could be harmed by violations of existing regulations or compliance
with new or changed regulations.

Our business is
subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation relating to, among
other things, licensure, conduct of operations, ownership of facilities,
physician relationships, addition of facilities and services, and reimbursement
rates for services. The laws, rules and regulations governing the health care
industry are extremely complex, and, in certain areas, the industry has little
or no regulatory or judicial interpretation for guidance. If a determination is
made that we were in material violation of such laws, rules or regulations, we
could be subject to penalties or liabilities or required to make significant
changes to our operations. In addition, health care, as one of the largest
industries in the United States, continues to attract much legislative interest
and public attention. We are unable to predict the future course of federal,
state and local regulation or legislation, including Medicare and Medicaid
statutes and regulations. Further changes in the regulatory framework affecting
health care providers could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

18

The cost and future availability of insurance, as well as insurance
policy limits, may have an adverse effect on our operations.

We continue to
experience unfavorable pricing and availability trends in the professional and
general liability insurance markets and increases in the size of claim
settlements and awards in this area. If these trends continue, they could have
an adverse effect on our business and financial results. All reinsurance and
any excess professional and general liability insurance we purchase are subject
to policy aggregate limitations. Any limits paid, in whole or in part, could
deplete or reduce the excess limits available to pay any other material claims
applicable to the relevant policy period. If such policy aggregate limitations
should be partially or fully exhausted in the future, or actual payments of
claims materially exceed projected estimates of claims, our financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows could be materially adversely affected.

Our
operations have not been profitable for the last several years, and, if our
turnaround strategy is not successful, our business operations and financial
results may not improve and could worsen.

We reported losses
from continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2003, 2004, 2005
and 2006. These results of operations reflect the challenges we have faced in
restructuring our business to focus on a smaller group of general hospitals. We
have been executing a turnaround strategy designed to improve profitability and
margins through initiatives to grow volumes, maintain adequate reimbursement
levels and control costs. However, our turnaround timeframe has been impacted
by industry trends such as bad debt levels and a company-specific volume
challenge, which continue to negatively affect our revenue growth. If our
turnaround strategy is not successful or the industry trends worsen, we may not
be able to achieve or sustain future profitability.

Trends affecting our actual or anticipated results may lead to charges
that would adversely affect our results of operations.

As a result of the
various factors that affect our industry generally and our business
specifically, we may from time to time be required to record charges in our
results of operations. For example, as a result of our recent financial trends
and the current outlook for our future operating performance, we recorded
goodwill and long-lived asset impairment charges of approximately $357 million
in the year ended December 31, 2006, approximately $160 million in the year
ended December 31, 2005 and approximately $1.1 billion during
the fourth quarter of 2004. Based on future financial trends and the possible
impact of negative trends on our future outlook, further impairments of long-lived
assets and goodwill may occur, and we will incur additional restructuring
charges. Future restructuring of our operating structure that changes our
goodwill reporting units could also result in further impairments of our
goodwill. Any such charges could adversely affect our results of operations.

Our
substantial leverage could have a significant effect on our operations.

We are a highly
leveraged company. As of December 31, 2006, we had approximately $4.8 billion
of total long-term debt, as well as approximately $190 million in letters of
credit outstanding under our senior secured revolving credit facility, which is
collateralized by patient accounts receivable at our acute care and specialty
hospitals. In addition, from time to time, we expect to engage in various capital
markets, bank credit and other financing activities depending on our needs and
financing alternatives available at that time.

Our leverage and
debt service obligations could have important consequences to an investor,
including the following:

·
                    Our credit agreement and the indentures governing our senior notes
contain, and any future debt obligations may contain, covenants that, among
other things, restrict our ability to pay dividends, incur additional debt and
sell assets. If we do not comply with these obligations, it may cause an
event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could require us to repay the
indebtedness immediately.

·
                    We may be more
vulnerable in the event of a deterioration in our business, in the health care
industry, in the economy generally or if federal or state governments set
further limitations on reimbursement under the Medicare or Medicaid programs.

·
                    We may have
difficulty obtaining additional financing at economically acceptable interest
rates and other terms to meet our requirements for working capital, capital
expenditures, the payment of judgments or settlements, or general corporate
purposes.

·
                    We may be
required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to the payment of
principal and interest on our indebtedness, which could reduce the amount of
funds available for our operations.

19