Our business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties—many of which are beyond our control—that may cause our actual operating results or financial performance to be
materially different from our expectations. If one or more of the events discussed in the following risks were to occur, actual outcomes could differ materially from those expressed in or implied by any forward-looking statements we make in this
report or our other filings with the SEC, and our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity could be materially adversely affected. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known, or that we currently deem immaterial,
may also negatively affect our business and operations. In either case, the trading price of our common stock could decline and shareholders could lose all or part of their investment. 

15 

Table of Contents

If we are unable to enter into managed care provider arrangements on acceptable terms,
or if we have difficulty collecting from managed care payers, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We currently have thousands of managed care contracts with various health maintenance organizations and preferred provider organizations. The amount of our managed care net patient revenues from our continuing general hospitals during the
year ended December 31, 2009 was $4.9 billion, which represented approximately 56.1% of our total net patient revenues from continuing general hospitals. In addition, approximately 62% of our managed care net patient revenues for the
year ended December 31, 2009 was derived from our top ten managed care payers. Furthermore, in the year ended December 31, 2009, our commercial managed care net inpatient revenue per admission from our continuing acute care
hospitals was approximately 58% higher than our aggregate yield on a per admission basis from government payers, including managed Medicare and Medicaid insurance plans. At December 31, 2009, approximately 57% of our net accounts
receivable related to continuing operations were due from managed care payers. 

It would harm our business if we were unable
to enter into managed care provider arrangements on acceptable terms. Any material reductions in the payments that we receive for our services, coupled with any difficulties in collecting receivables from managed care payers, could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Changes in the Medicare and Medicaid
programs or other government health care programs could have an adverse effect on our business. 

For the year ended
December 31, 2009, approximately 25.1% of our same-hospital net patient revenues were received from the Medicare program, and approximately 8.1% of our same-hospital net patient revenues were received from various state Medicaid programs,
in each case excluding Medicare and Medicaid managed care programs. The Medicare and Medicaid programs are subject to: statutory and regulatory changes, administrative rulings, interpretations and determinations concerning patient eligibility
requirements, funding levels and the method of calculating payments or reimbursements, among other things; requirements for utilization review; and federal and state funding restrictions, all of which could materially increase or decrease payments
from these government programs in the future, as well as affect the cost of providing services to our patients and the timing of payments to our facilities. 

Several states in which we operate have recently faced budgetary challenges that resulted in reduced Medicaid funding levels to hospitals and other providers. Most states began a new fiscal year on
July 1, and although most addressed projected shortfalls in their final budgets, some states may face mid-year budget gaps and many are already projecting shortfalls for state fiscal year 2011, which could result in additional reductions to
Medicaid payments, coverage and eligibility or additional taxes on hospitals. 

In general, we are unable to predict the effect
of future government health care funding policy changes on our operations. If the rates paid by governmental payers are reduced, if the scope of services covered by governmental payers is limited or if we, or one or more of our subsidiaries’
hospitals, are excluded from participation in the Medicare or Medicaid program or any other government health care program, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

Our business continues to be adversely affected by a high volume of uninsured and underinsured patients, as well as
declines in commercial managed care patients. 

Like other organizations in the health care industry, we continue to
provide services to a high volume of uninsured patients and more patients than in prior years with an increased burden of co-payments and deductibles as a result of changes in their health care plans. As a result, we continue to experience a high
level of uncollectible accounts, and, unless our business mix shifts toward a greater number of insured patients or the trend of higher co-payments and deductibles reverses, we anticipate this high level of uncollectible accounts to continue or
increase. 

At the same time, we continue to experience declines in our commercial managed care volumes, which in the aggregate
generate substantially higher yields than Medicare and Medicaid volumes. In the year ended December 31, 2009, same-hospital commercial managed care admissions declined 4.7% and same-hospital commercial managed care outpatient visits
declined 1.2%, in each case compared to the year ended December 31, 2008. The declines in our commercial managed care volumes are due, in part, to the related effects of higher unemployment and reductions in commercial managed care enrollment.
Going forward, our commercial managed care volumes may also be adversely impacted by the expiration of federal subsidies for those unemployed individuals and their family members who have been receiving subsidized continued health insurance coverage
under their former employers’ health plans. Without these subsidies, health insurance coverage could become unaffordable for these people, which could result in lower commercial managed care volumes – especially with respect to elective
procedures – at our hospitals. 

16 

Table of Contents

We operate in a highly competitive industry, and competition is one reason for
declines we may experience in patient volumes. 

A number of factors affect patient volumes and, thereby, our results
of operations at our hospitals and related health care facilities, including the influence of local health care competitors. Generally, other hospitals in the local communities we serve provide services similar to those offered by our hospitals.
Some of the hospitals that compete with our hospitals are owned by government agencies or not-for-profit organizations. These tax-exempt competitors may have certain financial advantages not available to our facilities, such as endowments,
charitable contributions, tax-exempt financing, and exemptions from sales, property and income taxes. We also face increasing competition from physician-owned specialty hospitals and freestanding surgery, diagnostic and imaging centers for market
share in high margin services and for quality physicians and personnel. If competing health care providers are better able to attract more patients, recruit and retain physicians, expand services or obtain favorable managed care contracts at their
facilities, our patient volume levels may suffer. 

Our business and financial condition could be harmed if we are not
able to attract and retain employees, physicians and other health care professionals, and our labor costs continue to be adversely affected by union activity and the shortage of experienced nurses. 

Our operations depend on the efforts, abilities and experience of our employees and the physicians on the medical staffs of our hospitals,
most of whom have no contractual relationship with us. It is essential to our ongoing business that we attract and retain skilled employees and an appropriate number of quality physicians and other health care professionals in all specialties on our
medical staffs. In some of our markets, physician recruitment and retention are affected by a shortage of physicians in certain sought-after specialties and the difficulties that physicians experience in obtaining affordable malpractice insurance or
finding insurers willing to provide such insurance. Other issues facing physicians, such as proposed decreases in Medicare payments, are forcing them to consider alternatives, including relocating their practices or retiring sooner than expected. In
general, the loss of some or all of our key employees or the inability to attract or retain sufficient numbers of qualified physicians and other health care professionals could have a material adverse effect on patient volumes and, thereby, our
business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Factors that adversely affect our labor costs include
union activity, the nationwide shortage of experienced nurses and the enactment of state laws regarding nurse-staffing ratios. At December 31, 2009, approximately 19% of the employees at our hospitals and related health care facilities in
both continuing and discontinued operations were represented by labor unions, and we (and the hospital industry in general) are continuing to see an increase in the amount of union activity across the country. We expect this trend to be even more
pronounced in 2010, as we renegotiate our existing labor contracts, all of which are scheduled to expire in the next 14 months. Furthermore, like others in the health care industry, we continue to experience a shortage of experienced nurses in
certain key specialties and geographic areas. In addition, state-mandated nurse-staffing ratios in California affect not only our labor costs, but, if we are unable to hire the necessary number of experienced nurses to meet the required ratios,
they may also cause us to limit patient admissions with a corresponding adverse effect on our net operating revenues. We cannot predict the degree to which we will be affected by future union activity or the future availability or cost of nursing
personnel, but we expect to continue to experience salary, wage and benefit pressures. 

Our licensed hospital beds are
heavily concentrated in certain market areas in Florida, Texas and California, which makes us sensitive to economic, regulatory, environmental and other developments in those areas. 

As of December 31, 2009, the largest concentrations of licensed beds in our general hospitals were in Florida (25.6%), Texas
(19.3%) and California (17.0%). These concentrations increase the risk that, should any adverse economic, regulatory, environmental or other developments occur in these areas, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows could be materially adversely affected. 

Specifically, a natural disaster or other catastrophic event could affect us
more significantly than other companies with less geographic concentration. In the recent past, hurricanes have had a disruptive effect on the operations of our hospitals in Florida and Texas, as well as in Louisiana, and the patient populations in
those states. Our California operations could be adversely affected by a major earthquake or wildfires in that state. Moreover, we currently expect to spend a total of approximately $80 million (unadjusted for inflation) to comply with the
requirements of California’s seismic regulations for hospitals, of which approximately $24 million was spent prior to January 1, 2010. 

17 

Table of Contents

Our business and financial results could be harmed by violations of existing
regulations or compliance with new or changed regulations. 

Our business is subject to extensive federal, state and
local regulation relating to, among other things, licensure, conduct of operations, ownership of facilities, physician relationships, addition of facilities and services, and reimbursement rates for services. The laws, rules and regulations
governing the health care industry are extremely complex, and, in certain areas, the industry has little or no regulatory or judicial interpretation for guidance. If a determination is made that we were in material violation of such laws, rules or
regulations, we could be subject to penalties or liabilities or required to make significant changes to our operations. In addition, health care, as one of the largest industries in the United States, continues to attract much legislative interest
and public attention. We are unable to predict the future course of federal, state and local regulation or legislation, including Medicare and Medicaid statutes and regulations. Further changes in the regulatory framework affecting health care
providers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

We
are also required to comply with various federal and state labor laws, rules and regulations governing a variety of workplace wage and hour issues. From time to time, we have been and expect to continue to be subject to regulatory proceedings and
private litigation concerning our application of such laws, rules and regulations. 

We cannot predict the effect that
health care reform, if any, and other changes in government programs may have on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

National health care reform is a focus at the federal level, and Congress is currently considering a number of proposals that may significantly impact the health care industry. Among other things, these
proposals intend to decrease the number of uninsured legal U.S. residents and reduce health care costs. Various mechanisms to fund health care reform legislation are being considered, including proposals that could reduce hospital reimbursement or
otherwise adversely affect our revenues, and various mechanisms to control health care costs are being considered, including proposals that could impose new information technology requirements on our hospitals or otherwise increase our operating
costs. Several states are also considering health care reform measures. We cannot predict what form health care reform will take, or if significant health care reform in the near term will take place at all. While federal or state health care reform
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, a decision by Congress not to enact significant health care reform in the near term could also have a negative impact on investor sentiment about
companies in the health care industry and, therefore, adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 

The focus on
health care reform may also increase the likelihood of material changes to existing government health care programs. A significant portion of both our patient volumes and, as a result, our revenues is derived from government health care programs,
principally Medicare and Medicaid. In recent years, legislative and regulatory changes have resulted in limitations on and, in some cases, reductions in levels of payments to health care providers for certain services under these government
programs. Possible future changes in Medicare, Medicaid and other health care programs may reduce reimbursements to health care providers and insurers and may also increase our operating costs, which could have an adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Our operations have not been profitable for most of the last
several years, and, if industry trends or general economic conditions worsen, our business operations and financial results may continue to be adversely affected. 

We reported losses from continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2003 through 2007, a period during which we restructured our business to focus on a smaller group of general hospitals.
Although our results of operations have recently improved, we continue to be impacted by a number of industry-wide and company-specific challenges, including declines in patient volumes over the last several years and high bad debt levels.
Furthermore, we believe factors associated with the current economic downturn – including higher levels of unemployment, reductions in commercial managed care enrollment, tightened credit markets, and instability in the banking and financial
institution industries – have had some impact on our volumes and have affected our ability to collect outstanding receivables. If industry trends or general economic conditions worsen, we may not be able to achieve or sustain future
profitability, and our liquidity and ability to repay our outstanding debt may be harmed. 

Trends affecting our actual
or anticipated results may lead to charges that would adversely affect our results of operations. 

As a result of
factors that have affected our industry generally and our business specifically, we have been required to record various charges in our results of operations. Our impairment tests presume stable, improving or, in some cases, declining results in our
hospitals, which are based on programs and initiatives being implemented that are designed to achieve the hospital’s most recent projections. If these projections are not met, or if in the future negative trends occur that impact our
future outlook, further impairments of long-lived assets and goodwill may occur, and we may incur additional restructuring charges. Future restructuring of our operating structure that changes our goodwill reporting units could also result in
further impairments of our goodwill. Any such charges could adversely affect our results of operations. 

18 

Table of Contents

The recent worldwide financial and credit crisis could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The recent worldwide financial and credit crisis has
reduced the availability of liquidity and credit to fund the continuation and expansion of many business operations worldwide. This shortage of liquidity and credit, combined with substantial losses in worldwide equity markets, could lead to an
extended worldwide economic recession and result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Our ability to access the capital markets may be severely restricted at a time when we would
like, or need, to access those markets, which could have a negative impact on our growth plans, our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions, and our ability to refinance existing debt. The financial and credit crisis
also could have an impact on the lenders under our credit facilities, causing them to fail to meet their obligations to us. 

Our substantial leverage could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

We are a highly
leveraged company. As of December 31, 2009, we had approximately $4.3 billion of total long-term debt, as well as approximately $185 million in letters of credit outstanding under our senior secured revolving credit facility,
which is collateralized by patient accounts receivable at our acute care and specialty hospitals. From time to time, we expect to engage in additional capital markets, bank credit and other financing activities depending on our needs and financing
alternatives available at that time. 

Our leverage and debt service obligations could have important consequences to an
investor, including the following: 

•

 Our credit agreement and the indentures governing our outstanding senior notes contain, and any future debt obligations may contain, covenants that,
among other things, restrict our ability to pay dividends, incur additional debt and sell assets. Our credit agreement also requires us to maintain certain financial ratios. The indentures governing our outstanding senior secured notes contain
covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to incur liens, consummate asset sales, enter into sale and lease-back transactions or consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our or their
assets. If we do not comply with these obligations, it may cause an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could require us to repay the indebtedness immediately. 

•

 We may be more vulnerable in the event of a deterioration in our business, in the health care industry, in the economy generally or if federal or state
governments set further limitations on reimbursement under the Medicare or Medicaid programs. 

•

 We may have difficulty obtaining additional financing at economically acceptable interest rates and other terms to meet our requirements for working
capital, capital expenditures, the payment of judgments or settlements, or general corporate purposes. 

•

 We may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, which could reduce
the amount of funds available for our operations or capital expenditures.