Listed below are certain risk factors associated with our business. In addition to the potential effect of these risk factors discussed below, any risk factor that could result in reduced earnings,
liquidity or operating losses, could in turn adversely affect our ability to meet our liabilities or adversely affect the quoted market prices for our securities. 

The cyclical nature of the commercial aerospace industry, which represents a significant portion of our business,
creates uncertainty regarding our future profitability. In addition, adverse changes to, or interruptions in, our relationships with our major commercial aerospace customers could reduce our revenues and impact our profitability and
liquidity.
 The commercial aerospace sector has a significant influence on titanium companies, particularly mill product producers. The cyclical nature of the commercial aerospace sector has been the principal driver of the fluctuations in
the performance of most titanium product producers. Our business is more dependent on commercial aerospace demand than is the overall titanium industry. We shipped approximately 66% of our mill products to commercial aerospace customers in 2010,
whereas we estimate approximately 48% of the overall titanium industry’s mill products were shipped to commercial aerospace customers in 2010. Our melted and mill product sales to commercial aerospace customers accounted for 59% of our total
sales in 2008, 60% in 2009 and 62% in 2010. We estimate that 2011 industry mill product shipments into the commercial aerospace sector will be higher than 2010 levels. Events that could adversely affect the commercial aerospace sector, such as
future terrorist attacks, world health crises, a general economic downturn or unforeseen reductions in orders from commercial airlines, could significantly decrease our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. See “Business
– 
Titanium industry – 
Commercial aerospace sector.” 

14 

Sales under LTAs with customers in the commercial aerospace sector accounted
for approximately 37% of our 2010 total sales. These LTAs expire at various times beginning in 2011 through 2030. If we are unable to maintain our relationships with our major commercial aerospace customers, including Boeing, Rolls-Royce, Safran,
UTC and Wyman-Gordon, under the LTAs we have with these customers, our sales could decrease substantially, negatively impacting our profitability. See “Business – Customer agreements” and “Business - 
Markets and
customer base. 

The titanium metals industry is highly competitive, and we may not be able to
compete successfully.
 The global titanium markets in which we operate are highly competitive. Competition is based on a number of factors, such as price, product quality and service. Some of our competitors may be able to drive down market
prices because their costs are lower than our costs. In addition, some of our competitors’ financial, technological and other resources may be greater than our resources, and such competitors may be better able to withstand changes in market
conditions. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements. Further, consolidation of our competitors or customers in any of the industries in which we compete may
result in reduced demand for our products. In addition, producers of metal products, such as steel and aluminum, maintain forging, rolling and finishing facilities. Such facilities could be used or modified to process titanium mill products, which
could lead to increased competition and decreased pricing for our titanium products. In addition, many factors, including excess capacity resulting from reduced demand in the titanium industry, work to intensify the price competition for available
business at low points in the business cycle. 

Our dependence upon certain critical raw materials that
are subject to price and availability fluctuations could lead to increased costs or delays in the manufacture and sale of our products.
 We rely on a limited number of suppliers around the world, and principally on those located in Australia
and South Africa, for our supply of titanium-containing rutile ore, one of the primary raw materials used in the production of titanium sponge. While chlorine, another of the primary raw materials used in the production of titanium sponge, is
generally widely available, we currently obtain our chlorine from a single supplier near our sponge plant in Henderson. Also, we cannot supply all our needs for all grades of titanium sponge and scrap internally and are therefore dependent on third
parties for a substantial portion of our raw material requirements. All of our major competitors utilize sponge and scrap as raw materials in their melt operations. Titanium scrap is also used in certain steel-making operations, and demand for these
steel products, especially from China, also influences demand for titanium scrap. Purchase prices and availability of these critical materials are subject to volatility. At any given time, we may be unable to obtain an adequate supply of these
critical materials on a timely basis, on price and other terms acceptable to us, or at all. To help stabilize our supply of titanium sponge, we have entered into LTAs with certain sponge suppliers that contain fixed annual supply obligations. These
LTAs contain minimum annual purchase requirements and, in certain cases, include take-or-pay provisions which require us to pay penalties if we do not meet the minimum annual purchase requirements. See “Business – 
Products and
Operations – 
Raw materials,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Liquidity and Capital Resources – 
Contractual commitments” and Note 16 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Although overall inflationary trends in recent years have been moderate,
during the same period certain critical raw material costs in our industry, including titanium sponge and scrap, have been volatile. While we are able to mitigate some of the adverse impact of fluctuating raw material costs through LTAs with
suppliers and customers, rapid increases in raw material costs may adversely affect our results of operations and liquidity. 

15 

We may be forced to decrease prices or may not be able to implement
price increases.
 We change prices on certain of our products from time-to-time. Prices for our products are dependent on market conditions, economic factors, raw material costs and availability, competitive factors, operating costs and other
factors, some of which are beyond our control. Pricing under our LTAs, which were designed in part to limit price volatility to our customers and us, are generally revised on an annual basis, while changes in our raw material and other operating
costs can occur throughout the year. These factors may require us to reduce the prices we charge our customers, or they may limit our ability to implement price increases. In some instances, we may realize cost savings in connection with the price
reductions, but the cost savings may lag behind price reductions due to long manufacturing lead times and the terms of existing contracts, or the cost savings may not fully offset the impact of the price reductions. In other instances, cost
increases may precede the time at which we are able to implement a price increase, or the price increase may not fully offset the impact of the cost increases. These factors have had in the past, and may have in the future, an adverse impact on our
revenues, operating results, financial condition and liquidity. 

Our failure to develop new markets
would result in our continued dependence on the cyclical commercial aerospace sector, and our operating results would, accordingly, remain cyclical.
 In an effort to reduce dependence on the commercial aerospace market and to increase
participation in other markets, we have devoted certain resources to developing new markets and applications for our products. Developing these emerging market applications involves substantial risk and uncertainties due to the fact that titanium
must compete with less expensive alternative materials in these potential markets or applications. We may not be successful in developing new markets or applications for our products, significant time may be required for such development and
uncertainty exists as to the extent to which we will face competition in this regard. 

Because we are
subject to environmental and worker safety laws and regulations, we may be required to remediate the environmental effects of our operations or take steps to modify our operations to comply with these laws and regulations, the costs of which could
reduce our profitability.
 Various federal, state, local and foreign environmental and worker safety laws and regulations govern our operations. Throughout the history of our operations, we have used and manufactured, and currently use and
manufacture, substantial quantities of substances that are considered hazardous, extremely hazardous or toxic under environmental and worker safety and health laws and regulations. Although we have substantial controls and procedures designed to
reduce the risk of environmental, health and safety issues, we could incur substantial cleanup costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions, third party property damage or personal injury claims as a result of violations or liabilities under these
laws or non-compliance with environmental permits required at our facilities. In addition, government environmental requirements or the enforcement thereof may become more stringent in the future. Some or all of these risks may result in liabilities
that could reduce our profitability. 

Reductions in, or the complete elimination of, any or all tariffs
on imported titanium products into the United States could lead to increased imports of foreign sponge, ingot, slab and mill products into the U.S. and an increase in the amount of such products on the market generally, which could decrease pricing
for our products.
 In the U.S. titanium market, the increasing presence of foreign participants has become a significant competitive factor, and, imports of titanium sponge, ingot and mill products, principally from Russia and Kazakhstan,
have had a significant competitive impact on the U.S. titanium industry. 

Generally, imports of titanium
products into the U.S. are subject to a 15% “normal trade relations” tariff. For tariff purposes, titanium products are broadly classified as either wrought (billet, bar, sheet, strip, plate and tubing) or unwrought (sponge, ingot and
slab). From time-to-time, the U.S. government has granted preferential trade status to certain titanium products imported from particular countries (notably wrought titanium products from Russia, which carried no U.S. import duties from
approximately 1993 until 2004). It is possible that such preferential status could be granted again in the future, and we may not be successful in resisting efforts to eliminate duties or tariffs on titanium products. See trade and tariff discussion
in “Business – Competition.” 

16 

We may be unable to reach or maintain satisfactory collective
bargaining agreements with unions representing a significant portion of our employees.
 Our production and maintenance workers in Henderson and our production, maintenance, clerical and technical workers in Toronto, are represented by the
United Steelworkers of America under contracts expiring in January 2014 and June 2011, for the respective locations. A majority of the salaried and hourly employees at our European facilities are represented by various European labor unions. Our
labor agreement with our managerial and professional U.K. employees expires in March 2011, and our labor agreement with our U.K. production and maintenance employees expires in December 2011. The agreements with our French and Italian employees are
renewed annually. A prolonged labor dispute or work stoppage at our major production facilities could materially impact our operating results. We may not succeed in concluding collective bargaining agreements with the unions on terms acceptable to
us or maintaining satisfactory relations under existing collective bargaining agreements. If our employees were to engage in a strike, work stoppage or other slowdown, we could experience a significant disruption of our operations or higher ongoing
labor costs. 

Global climate change legislation could negatively impact our financial results or limit
our ability to operate our business.
 We operate production facilities in several countries, and we believe all of our worldwide production facilities are in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws. In many of the countries
in which we operate, legislation has been passed, or proposed legislation is being considered, to limit green house gases through various means, including emissions permits and/or energy taxes. In several of our production facilities, we consume
large amounts of energy, including electricity and natural gas. The permit system currently in effect in the various countries in which we operate has not had a material adverse effect on our financial results. However, if green house gas
legislation were to be enacted in one or more countries, it could negatively impact our future results of operations through increased costs of production, particularly as it relates to our energy requirements. If such increased costs of production
were to materialize, we may be unable to pass price increases onto our customers to compensate for those costs, which may decrease our liquidity, operating income and results of operations.