, Item 2 – Properties, Item 3 - Legal Proceedings and Item 7 -
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations (“MD&A”), are forward-looking statements that represent our
beliefs and assumptions based on currently available
information.  Forward-looking statements can generally be identified
by the use of words such as “believes,” “intends,” “may,” “will,” “looks,”
“should,” “could,” “anticipates,” “expects” or comparable terminology or by
discussions of strategies or trends.  Although we believe that the
expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we do
not know if these expectations will prove to be correct.  Such
statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties that
could significantly affect expected results.  Actual future results
could differ materially from those described in such forward-looking statements,
and we disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise.  Among the factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially are the risks and uncertainties discussed in this
Annual Report, including risks and uncertainties in those portions referenced
above and those described from time to time in our other filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) which include, but are not limited
to:

 ·

 the
 cyclicality of the commercial aerospace
 industry;

 ·

 the
 performance of our customers and us under our long-term
 agreements;

 ·

 the
 existence or renewal of certain long-term
 agreements;

 ·

 the
 difficulty in forecasting demand for titanium
 products;

 ·

 global
 economic, financial and political
conditions;

 ·

 global
 productive capacity for titanium;

 ·

 changes
 in product pricing and costs;

 ·

 the
 impact of long-term contracts with vendors on our ability to reduce or
 increase supply;

 ·

 the
 possibility of labor disruptions;

 ·

 fluctuations
 in currency exchange rates;

 ·

 fluctuations
 in the market price of marketable
securities;

 ·

 uncertainties
 associated with new product or new market
 development;

 ·

 the
 availability of raw materials and
services;

 ·

 changes
 in raw material prices and other operating costs (including energy
 costs);

 ·

 possible
 disruption of business or increases in the cost of doing business
 resulting from terrorist activities or global
 conflicts;

 ·

 competitive
 products and strategies; and

 ·

 other
 risks and uncertainties.

Should
one or more of these risks materialize (or the consequences of such a
development worsen), or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect,
actual results could differ materially from those forecasted or
expected.

 1

PART
I

ITEM
1:  BUSINESS

General
.  Titanium Metals
Corporation is one of the world’s leading producers of titanium melted and mill
products.  We are the only producer with major titanium production
facilities in both the United States and Europe, the world’s principal markets
for titanium consumption.  We are currently the largest U.S. producer
of titanium sponge, a key raw material, and a major recycler of titanium
scrap.  Titanium Metals Corporation was formed in 1950 and was
incorporated in Delaware in 1955.  Unless otherwise indicated,
references in this report to “we”, “us” or “our” refer to TIMET and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

Titanium
was first manufactured for commercial use in the 1950s.  Titanium’s
unique combination of corrosion resistance, elevated-temperature performance and
high strength-to-weight ratio makes it particularly desirable for use in
commercial and military aerospace applications where these qualities satisfy
essential design requirements for certain critical parts such as wing supports
and jet engine components.  While aerospace applications have
historically accounted for a substantial portion of the worldwide demand for
titanium, other end-use applications for titanium in military and industrial
markets have continued to develop, including the use of titanium-based alloys in
armor plating, structural components, chemical plants, power plants,
desalination plants and pollution control equipment.  Demand for
titanium is also increasing in emerging markets with diverse uses including oil
and gas production installations, automotive, geothermal facilities and
architectural applications.

Our
products include titanium sponge, melted products, mill products and industrial
fabrications.  The titanium industry is comprised of several
manufacturers that, like us, produce a relatively complete range of titanium
products and a significant number of producers worldwide that manufacture a
limited range of titanium mill products.

Our
long-term strategy is to maximize the value of our core aerospace business while
expanding our presence in non-aerospace markets and developing new applications
and products.  Our existing productive capacity and the availability
of our secure third-party conversion capabilities allow us to efficiently
respond to the industry’s demand volatility.  As the titanium industry
progresses through its demand cycle, we will continue to evaluate opportunities
to strategically expand our existing production and conversion capacities
through internal expansion and long-term third-party arrangements, as well as
potential joint ventures and acquisitions.

Titanium
industry.
 We
develop certain industry estimates based on our extensive experience within the
titanium industry as well as information obtained from publicly available
external resources (e.g., United States Geological Survey, International
Titanium Association and Japan Titanium Society).  We estimate we
accounted for approximately 16% of 2008 and 18% of 2009 worldwide industry
shipments of titanium mill products and approximately 6% of worldwide titanium
sponge production in each of 2008 and 2009.  The following chart
illustrates our estimates of aggregate industry mill product shipments over the
past ten years:

Industry
Mill Product Shipments by Sector

(Volumes
Exclude Shipments within China and Russia)

The
cyclical nature of the commercial aerospace sector has been the principal driver
of the historical fluctuations in titanium mill product shipment
volume.  Over the past 30 years, the titanium industry has had various
cyclical peaks and troughs in mill product shipments.  Over the last
ten years, titanium mill product demand in the military, industrial and emerging
market sectors has increased, primarily due to the continued development of
innovative uses for titanium products in these industries.  Over the
last several years we, and the industry as a whole, have experienced
significantly increased demand with periods of increased
volatility.  We estimate that industry shipments approximated 95,000
metric tons in 2008 and 65,000 metric tons in 2009.  The estimated 32%
decline in 2009 was driven by significant reductions in the commercial aerospace
and industrial sectors.  We currently expect 2010 total industry mill
product shipments to be consistent with 2009 with slight improvements in
commercial aerospace.

Commercial aerospace sector -
Demand for titanium products within the commercial aerospace sector is derived
from both jet engine components (e.g., blades, discs, rings and engine cases)
and airframe components (e.g., bulkheads, tail sections, landing gear, wing
supports and fasteners).  The commercial aerospace sector has a
significant influence on titanium companies, particularly mill product
producers.  Industry shipments decreased approximately 26% in 2009 due
in part to excess supply chain inventories, particularly as a result of
adjustments to production schedules for Boeing and Airbus, and other factors,
including delays in the completion of development and testing of the Boeing 787,
which suppressed customer demand for titanium products during
2009.  Deliveries of titanium generally precede aircraft deliveries by
about one year, and our business cycle generally correlates to this timeline,
although the actual timeline can vary considerably depending on the titanium
product.

Our
business is more dependent on commercial aerospace demand than is the overall
titanium industry.  We shipped approximately 67% of our mill products
to the commercial aerospace sector in 2009, whereas we estimate approximately
46% of the overall titanium industry’s mill products were shipped to the
commercial aerospace sector in 2009.

The Airline Monitor, a
leading aerospace publication, traditionally issues worldwide forecasts each
January and July for commercial aircraft deliveries, approximately one-third of
which are expected to be required by the U.S. over the next 20
years.  
The Airline
Monitor’s most recently issued forecast (January 2010)
 estimates deliveries of
large commercial aircraft (aircraft with over 100 seats) totaled 1,061
(including 205 twin aisle aircraft which require more titanium) in 2009, and the
following table summarizes the forecasted deliveries
 of large commercial
aircraft over the next five years:

Forecasted
 deliveries

%
 increase (decrease) 
over
 previous year

 Year

 Total

 Twin
 aisle

 Total

 Twin
 aisle

 2010

  1,020

 220

 (4)%

 7%

 2011

  1,070

 302

 5%

 37%

 2012

  1,065

 310

    -

 3%

 2013

  1,070

 335

    -

 8%

 2014

  1,035

 365

  (3)%

 9%

The
latest forecast from The
Airline Monitor reflects a moderate 1.6% decrease in forecasted
deliveries over the next five years compared to the July 2009 forecast, mainly
due to 
The Airline Monitor’s
expectation that in spite of push-outs and cancellations due to the
recent reduction in air travel, demand for more fuel efficient aircraft and
growth within the Asian markets will allow build rates to remain near current
levels.  Boeing and Airbus booked orders for 573 planes in 2009, and

The Airline Monitor
forecasts that aggregate new orders in 2010 will be lower than
2009.

 2

Changes
in the economic environment and the financial condition of airlines can result
in rescheduling or cancellation of orders.  Accordingly, aircraft
manufacturer backlogs are not necessarily a reliable indicator of near-term
business activity, but may be indicative of potential business levels over a
longer-term horizon.  The latest forecast from The Airline Monitor estimates
decreases for firm order backlog for both Airbus and Boeing as deliveries are
expected to be higher than orders for the next three years.  Airbus’
firm order backlog is estimated at 1,085 twin aisle planes and 2,403 single
aisle planes, and Boeing’s firm order backlog is estimated at 1,299 twin aisle
planes and 2,049 single aisle planes.  Boeing has previously announced
that its does not plan to increase its build rates on the 787 aircraft to make
up for delayed deliveries, with the first commercial deliveries expected in late
2010.

At
year-end 2009, a total of 202 firm orders have been placed for the Airbus A380,
and a total of 851 firm orders have been placed for the Boeing
787.  The 787 will contain more composite materials than other Boeing
aircraft, and increased utilization of composite materials in an aircraft’s
structural components, such as on the Boeing 787 and other next generation
aircraft, require additional titanium on a per unit basis.  In early
years of the manufacturing cycle for the Boeing 787, or with any aircraft model,
we believe additional titanium will be required to produce each aircraft, and as
the program reaches maturity, less titanium will be required for each aircraft
manufactured.  During 2006, Airbus officially launched the A350 XWB
program, which is a major derivative of the Airbus A330, with first deliveries
scheduled for 2013.  As of December 31, 2009, a total of 505 firm
orders had been placed for the A350 XWB.  These A350 XWBs will use
composite materials and new engines similar to those used on the Boeing 787 and
are expected to require significantly more titanium as compared with earlier
Airbus models.  However, the final titanium buy weight may change as
the A350 XWB is still in the design phase.

Twin
aisle planes (e.g., Boeing 747, 767, 777 and 787 and Airbus A330, A340, A350 and
A380) tend to use a higher percentage of titanium in their airframes, engines
and parts than single aisle planes (e.g., Boeing 737 and 757 and Airbus A318,
A319 and A320), and new generation models require a significantly higher
percentage of titanium.  Additionally, Boeing generally uses a higher
percentage of titanium in its airframes than Airbus.  Based on
information we receive from airframe and engine manufacturers and other industry
sources, we estimate approximately 18 metric tons of titanium products are
required to manufacture each Boeing 737, approximately 76 metric tons are
required to manufacture each Boeing 747, approximately ­­59 metric tons
are required to manufacture each Boeing 777 and approximately 116 metric tons
will be required to manufacture each Boeing 787, including both the airframes
and engines.  Additionally, based on these same sources, we estimate
approximately 12 metric tons of titanium products are required to manufacture
each Airbus A320, approximately 18 metric tons are required to manufacture each
Airbus A330, approximately 32 metric tons are required to manufacture each
Airbus A340, approximately 127 metric tons will be required to manufacture each
Airbus A350 XWB and approximately 146 metric tons are required to manufacture
each Airbus A380, including both the airframes and engines.

Military sector - Titanium
shipments into the military sector are largely driven by government defense
spending in North America and Europe.  Military aerospace programs
were the first to utilize titanium’s unique properties on a large scale,
beginning in the 1950s.  Titanium shipments to military aerospace
markets reached a peak in the 1980s before falling to historical lows in the
early 1990s after the end of the Cold War.  Since 2001, titanium
shipments to military aerospace have increased, as discussed
below.  Based on its physical and performance properties, titanium has
also become widely accepted for use in applications for ground combat vehicles
as well as in naval vessels.  The importance of military markets to
the titanium industry is expected to continue to rise in coming years as defense
spending budgets increase in reaction to terrorist activities and global
conflicts and to replace aging conventional armaments.  Defense
spending for most systems is expected to remain strong through at least
2010.  Current and anticipated future military strategy leading to
light armament and mobility favor the use of titanium due to light weight and
improved ballistic performance.

As the
strategic military environment demands greater global lift and mobility, the
U.S. military needs more airlift capacity and capability.  Airframe
programs are expected to drive the military market demand for titanium through
2015.  Several of today’s active U.S. military programs, including the
C-17, F-15, F/A 18 and F-16, are currently expected to continue in production
into the middle of this decade.  European military programs also have
active aerospace programs offering the possibility for increased titanium
consumption.  Production levels for the Saab Gripen, Eurofighter
Typhoon, Dassault Rafale and Dassault Mirage 2000 are all forecasted to remain
steady through the middle or end of this decade.

In
addition to the established programs, newer U.S. programs offer growth
opportunities for increased titanium consumption.  The F/A-22 Raptor
was given full-rate production approval in April 2005, but based on proposed
defense budgets, the Raptor program could be diminished or phased out as early
as 2011.  Additionally, the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, now known as
the Lightning II, has begun low-rate initial production and assembly with
delivery of the first production aircraft planned in 2010.  Although
no specific delivery schedules have been announced, according to The Teal Group, a leading
aerospace publication, procurement of the F-35 is expected to extend over the
next 30 to 40 years and may include production of as many as 4,000 planes,
including sales to foreign nations.

Utilization
of titanium on military ground combat vehicles for armor appliqué and integrated
armor or structural components continues to gain acceptance within the military
market segment.  Titanium armor components provide the necessary
ballistic performance while achieving a mission critical vehicle performance
objective of reduced weight in new generation vehicles.  In order to
counteract increased threat levels globally, titanium is being utilized on
vehicle upgrade programs in addition to new builds.  Based on active
programs, as well as programs currently under evaluation, we believe there will
be additional usage of titanium on ground combat vehicles that will provide
continued growth in the military market sector.  In armor and
armament, we sell plate and sheet products for fabrication into appliqué plate
and reactive armor for protection of the entire ground combat vehicle as well as
the vehicle’s primary structure.

Industrial and emerging markets
sectors - The number of end-use markets for titanium has expanded
significantly over the past several years.  Established industrial
uses for titanium include chemical plants, power plants, desalination plants and
pollution control equipment.  Rapid growth of the Chinese and other
Southeast Asian economies has brought unprecedented demand for
titanium-intensive industrial equipment.  In November 2005, we entered
into a joint venture with XI'AN BAOTIMET VALINOX TUBES CO. LTD. (“BAOTIMET”) to
produce welded titanium tubing in the Peoples Republic of
China.  BAOTIMET's production facilities are located in Xi'an, China,
and production began in January 2007.

Titanium
is widely accepted for many emerging market applications, including
transportation, energy (including oil and gas) and
architecture.  Although titanium is often more expensive than other
competing metals, over the entire life cycle of the application, we believe
titanium is a better value alternative due to its durability, longevity and
overall environmental impact.  In many cases customers also find the
physical properties of titanium to be attractive from the standpoint of weight,
performance, design alternatives and other factors.  The oil and gas
market, a relatively new, potentially large growth area, utilizes titanium in
down-hole casing, critical riser components, tapered stress joints, fire water
systems and saltwater-cooling systems.  Additionally, as offshore
development of new oil and gas fields moves into the ultra deep-water depths and
as geothermal energy production expands, market demand for titanium’s
light-weight, high-strength and corrosion-resistance properties is creating new
growth opportunities.  We have focused additional resources on
development of alloys and production processes to promote the expansion of
titanium use in this market and in other non-aerospace
applications.

Although
we estimate emerging market demand presently represents less than 5% of the
total industry demand for titanium mill products, we believe emerging market
demand, in the aggregate, will continue to grow over the next several
years.  We have ongoing initiatives to actively pursue and expand our
presence in these markets.

Products and operations
.  We
are a vertically integrated titanium manufacturer whose products
include:

 (i)

 titanium
 sponge, the basic form of titanium metal used in titanium
 products;

 (ii)

 melted
 products (ingot, electrode and slab), the result of melting titanium
 sponge and titanium scrap, either alone or with various
 alloys;

 (iii)

 mill
 products that are forged and rolled from ingot or slab, including long
 products (billet and bar), flat products (plate, sheet and strip) and
 pipe; and

 (iv)

 fabrications
 (spools, pipe fittings, manifolds, vessels, etc.) that are cut, formed,
 welded and assembled from titanium mill
 products.

All of
our net sales were generated by our integrated titanium operations (our
“Titanium melted and mill products” segment), which is our only business
segment.  Business and geographic financial information is included in
Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Titanium
sponge is the commercially pure, elemental form of titanium metal with a porous
and sponge-like appearance.  The first step in our sponge production
involves the combination of titanium-containing rutile ores (derived from beach
sand) with chlorine and petroleum coke to produce titanium
tetrachloride.  Titanium tetrachloride is purified and then reacted
with magnesium in a closed system, producing titanium sponge and magnesium
chloride as a by-product.  Our titanium sponge production facility in
Henderson, Nevada uses vacuum distillation process (“VDP”) technology, which
removes the magnesium and magnesium chloride residues by applying heat to the
sponge mass while maintaining a vacuum in a chamber.  The combination
of heat and vacuum boils the residues from the sponge mass, and then the sponge
mass is mechanically pushed out of the distillation vessel, sheared and crushed
to prepare the sponge for incorporation into one of our melted
products.  We electrolytically separate and recycle the residual
magnesium chloride, a by-product of the VDP process, to improve cost efficiency
and reduce environmental impact.

Melted
products (ingot, electrode and slab) are produced by melting sponge and titanium
scrap, either alone or with alloys, to produce various grades of titanium
products suited to the ultimate application of the product.  By
introducing other alloys such as vanadium, aluminum, molybdenum, tin and
zirconium, the melted titanium product is engineered to produce quality grades
with varying combinations of certain physical attributes such as
strength-to-weight ratio, corrosion-resistance and milling
compatibility.  Titanium ingot is a cylindrical solid shape that, in
our case, weighs up to 8 metric tons.  Titanium slab is a rectangular
solid shape that, in our case, weighs up to 16 metric tons.  The
melting process for ingot and slab is closely controlled and monitored utilizing
computer control systems to maintain product quality and consistency and to meet
customer specifications.  In most cases, we use our ingot and slab as
the intermediate material for further processing into mill
products.  However, we also sell melted products to our
customers.

Mill
products are forged or rolled from our melted products (ingot or
slab).  Mill products include long products (billet and bar), flat
products (plate, sheet and strip) and pipe.  Our mill products can be
further machined to meet customer specifications with respect to size and
finish.

 3

We send
certain products to outside vendors for further processing (e.g., certain
rolling, forging, finishing and other processing steps in the U.S., and certain
melting and forging steps in France) before being shipped to
customers.  In France, our primary processor is also a partner in our
70%-owned subsidiary, TIMET Savoie, S.A.  During 2006, we entered into
a 20-year conversion services agreement with a U.S. supplier, whereby they will
provide an annual output capacity of 4,500 metric tons of titanium mill rolling
services until 2026, with our option to increase the output capacity to 9,000
metric tons.  Additionally, during 2007, we entered into a long-term
agreement with another U.S. supplier whereby they will provide us dedicated
annual forging capacity of 3,000 metric tons and increasing to 8,900 metric tons
for 2011 through at least 2019.  These agreements provide us with
long-term secure sources for processing round and flat products, resulting in a
significant increase in our existing mill product conversion capabilities, which
allows us to assure our customers of our long-term ability to meet their
needs.

During
the production process and following the completion of manufacturing, we perform
extensive testing on our products.  Sonic inspection as well as
chemical and mechanical testing procedures are critical to ensuring that our
products meet our customers’ high quality requirements, particularly in
aerospace component production.  We certify that our products meet
customer specification at the time of shipment for substantially all customer
orders.

Titanium
scrap is a by-product of the forging, rolling and machining operations, and
significant quantities of scrap are generated in the production process for
finished titanium products and components.  Scrap by-products from our
mill production processes, as well as the scrap purchased from our customers or
on the open metals market, is typically recycled and introduced into the melting
process once the scrap is sorted and cleaned.  We have the capacity to
recycle 14,000 to 16,000 metric tons of titanium scrap annually at our facility
in Morgantown, Pennsylvania depending on the scrap and end-use product
mix.  We believe our capability and expertise in recycling titanium
scrap provides us with a competitive advantage in the titanium
industry.

Distribution.  We
sell our products through our own sales force based in the U.S. and Europe and
through independent agents and distributors worldwide.  We also own
eight service centers (five in the U.S. and three in Europe), which we use to
sell our products on a just-in-time basis.  The service centers
primarily sell value-added and customized mill products, including bar, sheet,
plate, tubing and strip.  We believe our service centers provide us
with a competitive advantage because of our ability to foster customer
relationships, customize products to suit specific customer requirements and
respond quickly to customer needs.

Raw
materials.  The principal raw materials used in the production
of titanium melted and mill products are titanium sponge, titanium scrap and
alloys.  The proportions and grades of sponge and scrap are sometimes
dictated by the product mix or customer requirements for the end-use product;
however, we generally have the operating flexibility to vary the raw material
components to optimize our manufacturing efficiency and maximize our
profitability.  The following table summarizes our raw material usage
requirements in the production of our melted and mill products:

 2007

 2008

 2009

 Internally
 produced sponge

 24%

 24%

 27%

 Purchased
 sponge

 31%

 31%

 16%

 Titanium
 scrap

 39%

 39%

 51%

 Alloys

 6%

 6%

 6%

 Total

 100%

 100%

 100%

Sponge - The primary raw
materials used in the production of titanium sponge are titanium-containing
rutile ore, chlorine, magnesium and petroleum coke.  Rutile ore is
currently available from a limited number of suppliers around the world,
principally located in Australia, South Africa and Sri Lanka.  We
purchase the majority of our supply of rutile ore from Australia and South
Africa.  We believe the availability of rutile ore will be adequate
for the foreseeable future and do not anticipate any interruptions of our rutile
supplies.

We
currently obtain chlorine from a single supplier near our sponge plant in
Henderson, Nevada.  While we do not anticipate any chlorine supply
problems, we have taken steps to mitigate this risk in the event of supply
disruption, including establishing the feasibility of certain equipment
modifications to enable us to utilize material from alternative chlorine
suppliers or to purchase and utilize an intermediate product which will allow us
to eliminate the purchase of chlorine if needed.  Magnesium and
petroleum coke are generally available from a number of suppliers.

We are
currently the largest U.S. producer of titanium sponge.  In 2007, we
completed an expansion of our existing premium-grade titanium sponge facility at
our Henderson plant.  This expansion increased our annual productive
sponge capacity to approximately 12,600 metric tons.  We operated our
sponge plant significantly below full capacity during 2009, and we anticipate
comparable production volumes during 2010.  We supplement our
internally produced sponge with purchases from third parties.  From
2006 through 2009, other sponge producers have also undertaken additional
capacity expansion projects.  However, we do not know the degree to
which the quality and cost of the sponge produced by our competitors will be
comparable to the premium-grade sponge we produce in our Henderson
facility.

We are
party to long-term sponge supply agreements that require us to make minimum
annual purchases.  These long-term supply agreements, together with
our current sponge production capacity in Henderson, should provide us with a
total annual available sponge supply at levels ranging from 19,000 metric tons
up to 24,000 metric tons through 2025, which we expect to meet our sponge supply
requirements.  We will continue to purchase sponge from a variety of
sources in 2010, including those sources under existing supply
agreements.  We continuously evaluate alternatives to strategically
balance our internal and external sources for titanium sponge.

Scrap - We recycle titanium
scrap into melted products that will be sold to our customers or used as
intermediate feedstock for our mill production process.  Our titanium
scrap is generated from our melted and mill product production processes,
purchased from certain of our customers under contractual agreements or acquired
in the open metals market.  Such scrap consists of alloyed and
commercially pure solids and turnings.  Scrap obtained through
customer arrangements provides a “closed-loop” arrangement resulting in
certainty of supply and price stability, and due to our successful efforts to
increase the volume of scrap obtained through “closed-loop” arrangements and
reduced melting demand in 2009, we were only required to purchase 16% of our
scrap requirement from the open metals market in 2009 compared to 27% in
2008.  Externally purchased scrap comes from a wide range of sources,
including customers, collectors, processors and brokers.  We expect
our open market scrap purchases to account for 20% to 25% of our scrap
requirement during 2010.  We expect our scrap consumption to remain at
high levels as we continue to emphasize the utilization of scrap for our
electron beam cold hearth (“EB”) melting activity.  We also
occasionally sell scrap, usually in a form or grade we cannot economically
recycle for use in our production operations.

Overall
market forces can significantly impact the supply or cost of externally produced
scrap, as the amount of scrap generated in the supply chain varies during
titanium business cycles.  Early in the titanium cycle, the demand for
titanium melted and mill products begins to increase the scrap requirements for
titanium manufacturers.  This demand precedes the increase in scrap
generation by downstream customers and the supply chain.  The reduced
availability of scrap at this stage of the cycle places upward pressure on the
market price of scrap.  The opposite situation occurs when demand for
titanium melted and mill products begins to decline, resulting in greater
availability of scrap supply and downward pressure on the market price of
scrap.  During the middle of the cycle, scrap generation and
consumption are in relative equilibrium, minimizing disruptions in supply or
significant changes in the available supply and market price for
scrap.  Increasing or decreasing cycles tend to cause significant
changes in both the supply and market price of scrap.  These supply
chain dynamics result in selling prices for melted and mill products which
generally tend to correspond with the changes in raw material
costs.

All of
our major competitors utilize scrap as a raw material in their titanium melt
operations, and steel manufacturers also use titanium scrap as an alloy to
produce interstitial-free steels, stainless steels and high-strength-low-alloy
steels.  Prices for all forms and grades of titanium scrap declined
steadily during the first half of 2008 due to increased availability and reduced
demand.  The global recession reduced demand for titanium scrap in the
second half of 2008 and the first nine months of 2009, which resulted in sharp
declines in scrap prices over the same period.  Overall demand and
prices for titanium scrap increased in late 2009 as a result of the market
forces described above, and we currently believe general economic conditions
will continue to cause the price of titanium scrap to increase in
2010.

Other - Various alloy
additions used in the production of titanium products, such as vanadium and
molybdenum, are also available from a number of suppliers.  The
decline in demand from steel manufacturers for vanadium and molybdenum also
resulted in dramatic drops in cost for these alloys in 2009, as compared to
2008.  However, we currently believe that demand for alloys will
increase in 2010, likely causing the price of alloys to increase as
well.

Customer
agreements.  We have long-term agreements (“LTAs”) with certain
major customers, including, among others, The Boeing Company (“Boeing”),
Rolls-Royce plc and its German and U.S. affiliates (“Rolls-Royce”), United
Technologies Corporation (“UTC,” Pratt & Whitney and related companies), the
Safran companies (“Safran,” Snecma and related companies), Wyman-Gordon Company
(“Wyman-Gordon,” a unit of Precision Castparts Corporation (“PCC”)) and VALTIMET
SAS.  These agreements expire at various times through 2017, are
subject to certain conditions and generally provide for (i) minimum market
shares of the customers’ titanium requirements or firm annual volume
commitments, (ii
)
formula-determined prices (including some elements based on market
pricing) and (iii) price adjustments for certain raw material, labor and energy
cost fluctuations.  Generally, the LTAs require our service and
product performance to meet specified criteria and contain a number of other
terms and conditions customary in transactions of these
types.  Certain provisions of these LTAs have been amended in the past
and may be amended in the future to meet changing business
conditions.  Our 2009 sales revenues to customers under LTAs were 64%
of our total sales revenues.

In
certain events of nonperformance by us or the customer, an LTA may be terminated
early.  Although it is possible that some portion of the business
would continue on a non-LTA basis, the termination or expiration without renewal
of one or more of the LTAs could result in a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations, financial position or liquidity.  The
LTAs were designed to limit selling price volatility to the customer and to us,
while providing us with a committed volume base throughout the titanium industry
business cycles and certain mechanisms to adjust pricing for changes in certain
cost elements.

 4

Markets and
customer base.  As discussed previously, we produce a wide
range of melted and mill titanium products for our customers, and selling prices
generally reflect raw material and other productions costs as well as reasonable
profit margins.  Selling prices are generally influenced by industry
and global economic conditions.  For instance, increases in global
capacity and manufacturing activity for titanium products throughout the supply
chain in 2007 and 2008 increased the availability of titanium scrap, which
resulted in declining costs for this raw material through the first nine months
of 2009.  This decline in raw material costs has, in turn, contributed
to lower selling prices for certain products under LTAs, due in part to raw
material indexed pricing adjustments included in certain of these agreements, as
well as for our non-contract sales volume.

The
demand for our titanium products is global, and our global productive
capabilities allow us to respond to our customers’ needs.  The
following table summarizes our sales revenue by geographical
location:

 Year
 ended December 31,

 2007

 2008

 2009

 (Percentage
 of total sales revenue)

 Sales
 revenue to customers within:

 North America

 61%

 59%

 65%

 Europe

 29%

 29%

 27%

 Other

 10%

 12%

 8%

 Total

 100%

 100%

 100%

Further
information regarding our external sales, net income, long-lived assets and
total assets can be found in our Consolidated Balance Sheets, Consolidated
Statements of Income and Notes 5 and 17 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Our
concentration of customers, primarily in commercial aerospace, may impact our
overall exposure to credit and other risks because all of these customers may be
similarly affected by the same economic or other conditions.  The
following table provides supplemental sales revenue information:

 Year
 ended December 31,

 2007

  2008

2009

 (Percentage
 of total sales revenue)

 Ten largest
 customers

 49%

 49%

 57%

 Significant
 customers:

 Boeing

 10%

 12%

 17%

 PCC and PCC-related entities

(1)

 11%

 10%

 15%

 Total LTAs

 47%

 56%

 64%

 Significant
LTAs:

 Boeing

 10%

 12%

 17%

 Rolls-Royce 
(1)

 12%

 13%

 13%

 (1) 
 PCC and PCC-related
 entities serve as suppliers to certain commercial aerospace manufacturers,
 including Rolls-Royce.  Certain sales we make directly to PCC
 and PCC-related entities also count towards, and are reflected in, the
 table above as sales to Rolls-Royce under the Rolls-Royce
 LTA.

The
following table provides supplemental sales revenue information by industry
sector:

 Year
 ended December 31,

 2007

 2008

 2009

 (Percentage
 of total sales revenue)

 Commercial
 aerospace

 55%

 59%

 60%

 Military

 19%

 16%

 20%

 Industrial and emerging
 markets

 16%

 15%

 11%

 Other titanium
 products

 10%

 10%

 9%

 Total

 100%

 100%

 100%

The
primary market for titanium products in the commercial aerospace sector consists
of two major manufacturers of large commercial airframes, Boeing Commercial
Airplanes Group (a unit of Boeing) and Airbus, as well as manufacturers of large
civil aircraft engines including Rolls-Royce, General Electric Aircraft Engines,
Pratt & Whitney and Safran.  We sell directly to these major
manufacturers, as well as to companies (including forgers such as Wyman-Gordon)
that use our titanium to produce parts and other materials for such
manufacturers.  If any of the major aerospace manufacturers were to
significantly reduce aircraft and/or jet engine build rates from those currently
expected, there could be a material adverse effect, both directly and
indirectly, on our business, results of operations, financial position and
liquidity.

The
market for titanium in the military sector includes sales of melted and mill
titanium products engineered for applications for military aircraft (both
engines and airframes), armor and component parts, armor appliqué on ground
combat vehicles and other integrated armor or structural
components.  We sell directly to many of the major manufacturers
associated with military programs on a global basis.

Outside
of commercial aerospace and military sectors, we manufacture a wide range of
products for customers in the chemical process, oil and gas, consumer, sporting
goods, healthcare, automotive and power generation sectors.

In
addition to melted and mill products, which are sold into all market sectors, we
sell certain other products such as titanium fabrications, titanium scrap and
titanium tetrachloride.

Our
backlog was approximately $695 million at December 31, 2008 and $440
million at December 31, 2009.  Over 90% of our 2009 year-end backlog
is scheduled for shipment during 2010.  Our order backlog may not be a
reliable indicator of future business activity.

We have
explored and will continue to explore strategic arrangements in the areas of
product development, production and distribution.  We will also
continue to work with existing and potential customers to identify and develop
new or improved applications for titanium that take advantage of its unique