, Item 2 – Properties, Item 3 - Legal Proceedings and Item 7 -
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations (“MD&A”), are forward-looking statements that represent our
beliefs and assumptions based on currently available
information.  Forward-looking statements can generally be identified
by the use of words such as “believes,” “intends,” “may,” “will,” “looks,”
“should,” “could,” “anticipates,” “expects” or comparable terminology or by
discussions of strategies or trends.  Although we believe that the
expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we do
not know if these expectations will prove to be correct.  Such
statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties that
could significantly affect expected results.  Actual future results
could differ materially from those described in such forward-looking statements,
and we disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise.  Among the factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially are the risks and uncertainties discussed in this
Annual Report, including risks and uncertainties in those portions referenced
above and those described from time to time in our other filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) which include, but are not limited
to:

 ·

 the
 cyclicality of the commercial aerospace
 industry;

 ·

 the
 performance of aerospace manufacturers and us under our long-term
 agreements;

 ·

 the
 existence or renewal of certain long-term
 agreements;

 ·

 the
 difficulty in forecasting demand for titanium
 products;

 ·

 global
 economic and political conditions;

 ·

 global
 productive capacity for titanium;

 ·

 changes
 in product pricing and costs;

 ·

 the
 impact of long-term contracts with vendors on our ability to reduce or
 increase supply;

 ·

 the
 possibility of labor disruptions;

 ·

 fluctuations
 in currency exchange rates;

 ·

 fluctuations
 in the market price of marketable
securities;

 ·

 uncertainties
 associated with new product or new market
 development;

 ·

 the
 availability of raw materials and
services;

 ·

 changes
 in raw material prices and other operating costs (including energy
 costs);

 ·

 possible
 disruption of business or increases in the cost of doing business
 resulting from terrorist activities or global
 conflicts;

 ·

 competitive
 products and strategies; and

 ·

 other
 risks and uncertainties.

Should
one or more of these risks materialize (or the consequences of such a
development worsen), or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect,
actual results could differ materially from those forecasted or
expected.

PART
I

ITEM
1:  BUSINESS

General
.  Titanium Metals
Corporation was formed in 1950 and was incorporated in Delaware in
1955.  Unless otherwise indicated, references in this report to “we”,
“us” or “our” refer to TIMET and its subsidiaries, taken as a
whole.  We are one of the world’s leading producers of titanium melted
and mill products.  We are the only producer with major titanium
production facilities in both the United States and Europe, the world’s
principal markets for titanium consumption.  We are currently the
largest U.S. producer of titanium sponge, a key raw material, and a major
recycler of titanium scrap.

Titanium
was first manufactured for commercial use in the 1950s.  Titanium’s
unique combination of corrosion resistance, elevated-temperature performance and
high strength-to-weight ratio makes it particularly desirable for use in
commercial and military aerospace applications where these qualities satisfy
essential design requirements for certain critical parts such as wing supports
and jet engine components.  While aerospace applications have
historically accounted for a substantial portion of the worldwide demand for
titanium, other end-use applications for titanium in military and industrial
markets have continued to develop, including the use of titanium-based alloys in
armor plating, structural components, chemical plants, power plants,
desalination plants and pollution control equipment.  Demand for
titanium is also increasing in emerging markets with diverse uses including oil
and gas production installations, automotive, geothermal facilities and
architectural applications.

Our
products include titanium sponge, melted products, mill products and industrial
fabrications.  The titanium industry is comprised of several
manufacturers that, like us, produce a relatively complete range of titanium
products and a significant number of producers worldwide that manufacture a
limited range of titanium mill products.

Our
long-term strategy is to maximize the value of our core aerospace business while
expanding our presence in non-aerospace markets and developing new applications
and products.  In the near-term, we intend to continue to utilize our
operating cash flow and capital resources to support increased levels of
investment in the expansion of our productive capacity and the expansion of our
secure third-party conversion capabilities in response to the industry’s
long-term favorable demand trend.  Opportunities to expand our
existing production and conversion capacities will continue to be accomplished
through internal expansion and long-term third-party arrangements, as well as
potential joint ventures and acquisitions.

 2

Titanium
industry.
 We
develop certain industry estimates based on our extensive experience within the
titanium industry as well as information obtained from publicly available
external resources (e.g., United States Geological Survey, International
Titanium Association and Japan Titanium Society).  We estimate that we
accounted for approximately 20% of 2006 and 16% of 2007 worldwide industry
shipments of titanium mill products and approximately 7% of 2006 and 6% of 2007
worldwide titanium sponge production.  The following chart illustrates
our estimates of aggregate industry mill product shipments over the past ten
years:

Mill
Product Shipments by Industry Sector

(Volumes
Exclude Shipments within China and Russia)

The
cyclical nature of the commercial aerospace sector has been the principal driver
of the historical fluctuations in the performance of most titanium product
producers.  Over the past 30 years, the titanium industry has had
various cyclical peaks and troughs in mill product shipments.  Since
1998, titanium mill product demand in the military, industrial and emerging
market sectors has increased, primarily due to the continued development of
innovative uses for titanium products in these other industries.  Over
the last several years we, and the industry as a whole, have experienced
significantly increased demand.  We estimate that industry shipments
approximated 79,000 metric tons in 2006 and 89,000 metric tons in 2007, with
each year setting a new industry shipment record, and we currently expect 2008
total industry mill product shipments to increase by approximately 4% to 12% as
compared to the estimated 12% growth in 2007.

Demand
for titanium products within the commercial aerospace sector is derived from
both jet engine components (e.g., blades, discs, rings and engine cases) and
airframe components (e.g., bulkheads, tail sections, landing gear, wing supports
and fasteners).  The commercial aerospace sector has a significant
influence on titanium companies, particularly mill product
producers.  Deliveries of titanium generally precede aircraft
deliveries by about one year, and our business cycle generally correlates to
this timeline, although the actual timeline can vary considerably depending on
the titanium product.  We estimate that 2008 industry mill product
shipments into the commercial aerospace sector will increase 6% to 12% from
2007.

Our
business is more dependent on commercial aerospace demand than is the overall
titanium industry.  We shipped approximately 60% of our mill products
to the commercial aerospace sector in 2007, whereas we estimate approximately
44% of the overall titanium industry’s mill products were shipped to the
commercial aerospace sector in 2007 levels.

 3

The Airline Monitor, a
leading aerospace publication, traditionally issues worldwide forecasts for
commercial aircraft deliveries each January and July, approximately one-third of
which is expected to be required by the U.S. over the next 20
years.  
The Airline
Monitor’s most recently issued forecast (January 2008)
 estimates deliveries of
large commercial aircraft (aircraft with over 100 seats) totaled 888 (including
191 twin aisle aircraft) in 2007, and the following table summarizes the
forecasted deliveries
 of large commercial
aircraft over the next five years:

Forecasted
 deliveries

 %
 increase (decrease)

over
 previous year

 Year

 Total

 Twin
 aisle

 Total

 Twin
 aisle

 2008

1,005

217

13.2

%

13.6

%

 2009

1,130

280

12.4

%

29.0

%

 2010

1,220

370

8.0

%

32.1

%

 2011

1,190

350

(2.5

)%

(5.4

)%

 2012

985

330

(17.2

)%

(5.7

)%

The
latest forecast from The
Airline Monitor reflects a 6% increase in forecasted deliveries over the
next five years compared to the July 2007 forecast over the next five years, in
large part due to the record level of new orders placed for Boeing and Airbus
models over the past three years.  Total order bookings for Boeing and
Airbus in 2007 were 2,863 planes, a significant increase over the record
bookings in 2005 and 55% higher than the bookings in 2006.  
The Airline Monitor forecasts aggregate new
orders in 2008 will be lower than 2007, but the strong bookings in 2005 through
2007 have increased the order backlog for both Boeing and Airbus, which will be
delivered over the next several years.

Changes
in the economic environment and the financial condition of airlines can result
in rescheduling or cancellation of orders.  Accordingly, aircraft
manufacturer backlogs are not necessarily a reliable indicator of near-term
business activity, but may be indicative of potential business levels over a
longer-term horizon.  The latest forecast from The Airline Monitor estimates
Airbus’ firm order backlog at 904 twin aisle planes and 2,517 single aisle
planes and Boeing’s firm order backlog at 1,351 twin aisle planes and 2,045
single aisle planes.  Although 
The 
Airline Monitor’s latest
forecast reflects a reduced near-term delivery forecast for the Boeing 787
commercial aircraft, Boeing has not yet quantified the overall impact of their
recently announced delay.

Twin
aisle planes (e.g., Boeing 747, 767, 777 and 787 and Airbus A330, A340, A350 and
A380) tend to use a higher percentage of titanium in their airframes, engines
and parts than single aisle planes (e.g., Boeing 737 and 757 and Airbus A318,
A319 and A320), and newer models tend to use a higher percentage of titanium
than older models.  Additionally, Boeing generally uses a higher
percentage of titanium in its airframes than Airbus.  For example,
based on information we receive from airframe and engine manufacturers and other
industry sources, we estimate that approximately 59 metric tons, 45 metric tons
and 18 metric tons of titanium are purchased for the manufacture of each Boeing
777, 747 and 737, respectively, including both the airframes and
engines.  Based on these sources, we estimate that approximately 32
metric tons, 18 metric tons and 12 metric tons of titanium are purchased for the
manufacture of each Airbus A340, A330 and A320, respectively, including both the
airframes and engines.

At
year-end 2007, a total of 189 firm orders had been placed for the Airbus A380, a
program officially launched in 2000 with its first delivery in
late-2007.  Based on information we receive from airframe and engine
manufacturers and other industry sources, we estimate that approximately 146
metric tons of titanium (120 metric tons for the airframe and 26 metric tons for
the engines) will be purchased for each A380
manufactured.  Additionally, at year-end 2007, a total of 817 firm
orders have been placed for the Boeing 787, a program officially launched in
April 2004 with anticipated first deliveries in 2009.  Although the
787 will contain more composite materials than a typical Boeing aircraft, based
on these sources, we estimate that approximately 134 metric tons of titanium
(125 metric tons for the airframe and 9 metric tons for the engines) will be
purchased for each 787 manufactured.  We believe significant
additional titanium will be required in the early years of 787 manufacturing
until the program reaches maturity.  Additionally, during 2006, Airbus
officially launched the A350 XWB program, which is a major derivative of the
Airbus A330, with first deliveries scheduled for 2012/2013.  As of
December 31, 2007, a total of 320 firm orders had been placed for the A350
XWB.  These A350 XWBs will use composite materials and new engines
similar to those used on the Boeing 787 and are expected to require
significantly more titanium as compared with earlier Airbus
models.  Based on these sources, our preliminary estimates are that at
least 74 metric tons (65 metric tons for the airframe and 9 metric tons for the
engines) will be purchased for each A350 XWB manufactured.  However,
the final titanium buy weight may change as the A350 XWB is still in the design
phase.

Titanium
shipments into the military sector are largely driven by government defense
spending in North America and Europe.  Military aerospace programs
were the first to utilize titanium’s unique properties on a large scale,
beginning in the 1950s.  Titanium shipments to military aerospace
markets reached a peak in the 1980s before falling to historical lows in the
early 1990s after the end of the Cold War.  In recent years, titanium
has become an accepted use in ground combat vehicles as well as in naval
vessels.  The importance of military markets to the titanium industry
is expected to continue to rise in coming years as defense spending budgets
increase in reaction to terrorist activities and global conflicts and to replace
aging conventional armaments.  Defense spending for most systems is
expected to remain strong until at least 2010.  Current and
anticipated future military strategy leading to light armament and mobility
favor the use of titanium due to light weight and improved ballistic
performance.

 4

As the
strategic environment demands a greater need for global lift and mobility, the
U.S. military needs more airlift capacity and capability.  Airframe
programs are expected to drive the military market demand for titanium through
2015.  Several of today’s active U.S. military programs, including the
C-17 and F-15, are currently expected to continue in production through the end
of the current decade, while other programs, such as the F/A 18 and F-16, are
expected to continue into the middle of the next decade.  European
military programs also have active aerospace programs offering the possibility
for increased titanium consumption.  Production levels for the Saab
Gripen, Eurofighter Typhoon, Dassault Rafale and Dassault Mirage 2000 are all
forecasted to remain steady through the end of the decade.

In
addition to the established programs, newer U.S. programs offer growth
opportunities for increased titanium consumption.  The F/A-22 Raptor
was given full-rate production approval in April 2005.  Additionally,
the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, now known as the Lightning II, is expected to
enter low-rate initial production in late 2008, with delivery of the first
production aircraft in 2010.  Although no specific delivery patterns
have been established, according to The Teal Group, a leading
aerospace publication, procurement is expected to extend over the next 30 to 40
years and may include as many as approximately 3,500 planes, including sales to
foreign nations.

Utilization
of titanium on military ground combat vehicles for armor appliqué and integrated
armor or structural components continues to gain acceptance within the military
market segment.  Titanium armor components provide the necessary
ballistic performance while achieving a mission critical vehicle performance
objective of reduced weight in new generation vehicles.  In order to
counteract increased threat levels globally, titanium is being utilized on
vehicle upgrade programs in addition to new builds.  Based on active
programs, as well as programs currently under evaluation, we believe there will
be additional usage of titanium on ground combat vehicles that will provide
continued growth in the military market sector.  In armor and
armament, we sell plate and sheet products for fabrication into appliqué plate
and reactive armor for protection of the entire ground combat vehicle as well as
the vehicle’s primary structure.

The
number of end-use markets for titanium has continued to expand
significantly.  Established industrial uses for titanium include
chemical plants, power plants, desalination plants and pollution control
equipment.  Rapid growth of the Chinese and other Southeast Asian
economies has brought unprecedented demand for titanium-intensive industrial
equipment.  In November 2005, we entered into a joint venture with
XI'AN BAOTIMET VALINOX TUBES CO. LTD. (“BAOTIMET”) to produce welded titanium
tubing in the Peoples Republic of China.  BAOTIMET's production
facilities are located in Xi'an, China, and production began in January
2007.

Titanium
continues to gain acceptance in many emerging market applications, including
transportation, energy (including oil and gas) and
architecture.  Although titanium is often more expensive than other
competing metals, over the entire life cycle of the application, we believe that
titanium is a less expensive alternative due to its durability, longevity and
overall environmental impact.  In many cases customers also find the
physical properties of titanium to be attractive from the standpoint of weight,
performance, design alternatives and other factors.  The oil and gas
market, a relatively new and potentially large growth area, utilizes titanium
for down-hole casing, critical riser components, tapered stress joints, fire
water systems and saltwater-cooling systems.  Additionally, as
offshore development of new oil and gas fields moves into the ultra deep-water
depths and as geothermal energy production expands, market demand for titanium’s
light-weight, high-strength and corrosion-resistance properties is creating new
opportunities for the material.  We have focused additional resources
on development of alloys and production processes to promote the expansion of
titanium use in this market and in other non-aerospace
applications.

Although
we estimate that emerging market demand presently represents only about 6% of
the 2007 total industry demand for titanium mill products, we believe emerging
market demand, in the aggregate, could grow at double-digit rates over the next
several years.  We have ongoing initiatives to actively pursue and
expand our presence in these markets.

           Products and operations
.  We
are a vertically integrated titanium manufacturer whose products
include:

 (i)

 titanium
 sponge, the basic form of titanium metal used in titanium
 products;

 (ii)

 melted
 products (ingot, electrodes and slab), the result of melting titanium
 sponge and titanium scrap, either alone or with various
 alloys;

 (iii)

 mill
 products that are forged and rolled from ingot or slab, including long
 products (billet and bar), flat products (plate, sheet and strip) and
 pipe; and

 (iv)

 fabrications
 (spools, pipe fittings, manifolds, vessels, etc.) that are cut, formed,
 welded and assembled from titanium mill
 products.

During
the past three years, all of our net sales were generated by our integrated
titanium operations (our “Titanium melted and mill products” segment), which is
our only business segment.  Business and geographic financial
information is included in Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Titanium
sponge is the commercially pure, elemental form of titanium metal with a porous
and sponge-like appearance.  The first step in our sponge production
involves the combination of titanium-containing rutile ores (derived from beach
sand) with chlorine and petroleum coke to produce titanium
tetrachloride.  Titanium tetrachloride is purified and then reacted
with magnesium in a closed system, producing titanium sponge and magnesium
chloride as co-products.  Our titanium sponge production facility in
Henderson, Nevada uses vacuum distillation process (“VDP”) technology, which
removes the magnesium and magnesium chloride residues by applying heat to the
sponge mass while maintaining a vacuum in a chamber.  The combination
of heat and vacuum boils the residues from the sponge mass, and then the sponge
mass is mechanically pushed out of the distillation vessel, sheared and
crushed.  The residual magnesium chloride, a by-product of the VDP
process, is electrolytically separated and recycled.

Melted
products (ingot, electrodes and slab) are produced by melting sponge and
titanium scrap, either alone or with alloys, to produce various grades of
titanium products suited for the ultimate application of the
product.  By introducing other alloys such as vanadium, aluminum,
molybdenum, tin and zirconium, the melted titanium product is engineered to
produce quality grades with varying combinations of certain physical attributes
such as strength-to-weight ratio, corrosion-resistance and milling
compatibility.  Titanium ingot is a cylindrical solid shape that, in
our case, weighs up to 8 metric tons.  Titanium slab is a rectangular
solid shape that, in our case, weighs up to 16 metric tons.  The
melting process for ingot and slab is closely controlled and monitored utilizing
computer control systems to maintain product quality and consistency and to meet
customer specifications.  In most cases, we use our ingot and slab as
the intermediate material for further processing into mill
products.  However, we also sell ingot, electrodes and slab to third
parties.

 5

Mill
products are forged or rolled from our melted products (ingot or
slab).  Mill products include long products (billet and bar), flat
products (plate, sheet and strip) and pipe.  Our mill products can be
further machined to meet customer specifications with respect to size and finish
using specified grades of material.

We send
certain products to outside vendors for further processing (e.g., certain
rolling, forging, finishing and other processing steps in the U.S., and certain
melting and forging steps in France) before being shipped to
customers.  In France, our primary processor is also a partner in our
70%-owned subsidiary, TIMET Savoie, S.A.  During 2006, we entered into
a 20-year conversion services agreement with Haynes International, Inc., whereby
Haynes will provide an annual output capacity of 4,500 metric tons of titanium
mill rolling services at their facility in Kokomo, Indiana until 2026, with our
option to increase the output capacity to 9,000 metric
tons.  Additionally, during 2007, we entered into a long-term
agreement with Carpenter Technologies, Inc., whereby Carpenter is providing us
dedicated annual forging capacity of 3,000 metric tons beginning in 2008 and
increasing to 8,900 metric tons for 2011 through at least 2019.  These
agreements provide us with long-term secure sources for processing round and
flat products, resulting in a significant increase in our existing mill product
conversion capabilities, which allows us to assure our customers of our
long-term ability to meet their needs.

During
the production process and following the completion of manufacturing, we perform
extensive testing on our products.  Sonic inspection as well as
chemical and mechanical testing procedures are critical to ensuring that our
products meet our customers’ high quality requirements, particularly in
aerospace component production.  We certify that our products meet
customer specification at the time of shipment for substantially all customer
orders.

Titanium
scrap is a by-product of the forging, rolling and machining operations, and
significant quantities of scrap are generated in the production process for
finished titanium products and components.  Scrap by-product from our
mill production processes is typically recycled and introduced into the melting
process once the scrap is sorted and cleaned.

Distribution.  We
sell our products through our own sales force based in the U.S. and Europe and
through independent agents and distributors worldwide.  We also own
eight service centers (five in the U.S. and three in Europe), which we use to
sell our products on a just-in-time basis.  The service centers
primarily sell value-added and customized mill products, including bar, sheet,
plate, tubing and strip.  We believe our service centers provide a
competitive advantage because of our ability to foster customer relationships,
customize products to suit specific customer requirements and respond quickly to
customer needs.

Raw
materials.  The principal raw materials used in the production
of titanium ingot, slab and mill products are titanium sponge, titanium scrap
and alloys.  The following table summarizes our 2007 raw material
usage requirements in the production of our melted and mill
products:

 Percentage
 of total raw material requirements

 Internally
 produced sponge

 24%

 Purchased
 sponge

 31%

 Titanium
 scrap

 39%

 Alloys

 6%

 Total

 100%

The
primary raw materials used in the production of titanium sponge are
titanium-containing rutile ore, chlorine, magnesium and petroleum
coke.  Rutile ore is currently available from a limited number of
suppliers around the world, principally located in Australia, South Africa and
Sri Lanka.  We purchase the majority of our supply of rutile ore from
Australia.  We believe the availability of rutile ore will be adequate
for the foreseeable future and do not anticipate any interruptions of our rutile
supplies.

We
currently obtain chlorine from a single supplier near our sponge plant in
Henderson.  While we do not anticipate any chlorine supply problems,
we have taken steps to mitigate this risk in the event of supply disruption,
including establishing the feasibility of certain equipment modifications to
enable us to utilize material from alternative chlorine suppliers or to purchase
and utilize an intermediate product which will allow us to eliminate the
purchase of chlorine if needed.  Magnesium and petroleum coke are
generally available from a number of suppliers.

We are
currently the largest U.S. producer of titanium sponge.  In 2007, we
completed an expansion of our existing premium-grade titanium sponge facility at
our Henderson plant.  This expansion increased our annual productive
sponge capacity to approximately 12,600 metric tons, an increase of
approximately 47% over the previous productive sponge capacity
levels.  During 2006 and 2007, other sponge producers also increased
capacity and began construction on additional capacity expansion
projects.  However, we do not know the degree to which quality and
cost of the sponge produced by our competitors will be comparable to the
premium-grade sponge we produce in our Henderson facility.  Because we
cannot supply all of our needs for all grades of titanium sponge internally, we
continue to purchase a portion of our raw material requirements from third
parties.  During 2007, we entered into new long-term sponge supply
agreements that require us to make minimum annual purchases, including
agreements with Toho Titanium Co., Ltd. and Ardor (UK) Ltd. (together with
its Ust-Kamenogorsk titanium plant in Kazakhstan, collectively referred to as
"UST").  In connection with our titanium sponge supply agreement with
UST, we are also providing toll melting conversion services to
UST.  These long-term supply agreements, together with our current
sponge production capacity in Henderson, provide us with a total annual
available sponge supply at levels ranging from 18,000 metric tons up to 28,000
metric tons through 2024.  These third-party agreements, in part,
allowed us to indefinitely delay construction of an additional premium-grade
titanium sponge facility.  Titanium melted and mill products require
varying grades of sponge and/or scrap depending on the customers’ specifications
and expected end use.  We will continue to purchase sponge from a
variety of sources in 2008, including those sources under existing supply
agreements, and we will continue to evaluate sources of sponge
supply.

The
titanium scrap we utilize for melted products is internally generated from our
melted and mill product production processes, purchased from certain of our
customers under contractual agreements or acquired in the open metals
market.  Such scrap consists of alloyed and commercially pure solids
and turnings.  Scrap obtained through customer arrangements provides a
“closed-loop” arrangement resulting in certainty of supply and cost
stability.  Externally purchased scrap comes from a wide range of
sources, including customers, collectors, processors and brokers.  Due
to our successful efforts to increase the volume of scrap obtained through
“closed-loop” arrangements, we only purchased 20% to 30% of our scrap
requirement from external suppliers in 2007.   We expect our
scrap purchases to remain at the same rate during 2008, despite the large
increase in our scrap consumption during 2007 as our electron beam cold hearth
(“EB”) melting activity increased.  We also occasionally sell scrap,
usually in a form or grade we cannot economically use in our production
operations.

 6

Overall
market forces can significantly impact the supply or cost of externally produced
scrap, as the amount of scrap generated in the supply chain varies during the
titanium business cycles.  Early in the titanium cycle, the demand for
titanium melted and mill products begins to increase the scrap requirements for
titanium manufacturers which precedes the increase in scrap generation by
downstream customers and the supply chain.  The pressure on scrap
generation and the supply chain places upward pressure on the market price of
scrap.  The opposite situation occurs when demand for titanium melted
and mill products begins to decline, resulting in greater availability of supply
and downward pressure on the market price of scrap.  During the middle
of the cycle, scrap generation and consumption are in relative equilibrium,
minimizing disruptions in supply or significant changes in the available supply
and market prices for scrap.  Increasing or decreasing cycles tend to
cause significant changes in both the supply and market price of
scrap.  These supply chain dynamics result in selling prices for
melted and mill products which tend to correspond with the changes in raw
material costs.

All of
our major competitors also utilize scrap as a raw material in their melt
operations.  In addition to use by titanium manufacturers, titanium
scrap is used in steel-making operations during production of interstitial-free
steels, stainless steels and high-strength-low-alloy steels.  Prices
for all forms and grades of titanium scrap declined steadily during 2007, both
for scrap used by titanium manufacturers and steel makers.  Although
demand from both sectors was strong during 2007, a combination of increased
scrap generation by the titanium supply chain and increased sponge supply helped
reduce scrap prices to levels experienced prior to 2005.

Various
alloys used in the production of titanium products are also available from a
number of suppliers.  The recent high level of global demand for steel
products has also resulted in a significant increase in the costs for several
alloys, such as vanadium and molybdenum.  In 2007, the costs of these
alloys remained above historical levels of the past 10 years but were below the
cost peaks we experienced in the spring of 2005.  Although
availability is not expected to be a concern and we have negotiated certain
price and cost protection with suppliers and customers, alloy costs may continue
to fluctuate in the future.

Customer
agreements.  We have long-term agreements (“LTAs”) with certain
major customers, including, among others, The Boeing Company (“Boeing”),
Rolls-Royce plc and its German and U.S. affiliates (“Rolls-Royce”), United
Technologies Corporation (“UTC,” Pratt & Whitney and related companies),
Société Nationale d
΄Etude et de Construction
de Moteurs d΄Aviation (“Snecma”), Wyman-Gordon Company (“Wyman-Gordon,” a
unit of Precision Castparts Corporation (“PCC”)) and VALTIMET
SAS.  These agreements expire at various times through 2017, are
subject to certain conditions and generally provide for (i) minimum market
shares of the customers’ titanium requirements or firm annual volume
commitments, (ii
)
formula-determined prices (including some elements based on market
pricing) and (iii) price adjustments for certain raw material, labor and energy
cost fluctuations.  Generally, the LTAs require our service and
product performance to meet specified criteria and contain a number of other
terms and conditions customary in transactions of these
types.  Certain provisions of these LTAs have been amended in the past
and may be amended in the future to meet changing business
conditions.  Our 2007 sales revenues to customers under LTAs were 47%
of our total sales revenues.

In
certain events of nonperformance by us or the customer, the LTAs may be
terminated early.  Although it is possible that some portion of the
business would continue on a non-LTA basis, the termination of one or more of
the LTAs could result in a material effect on our business, results of
operations, financial position or liquidity.  The LTAs were designed
to limit selling price volatility to the customer, while providing us with a
committed volume base throughout the titanium industry business cycles and
certain mechanisms to adjust pricing for changes in certain cost
elements.

Markets and
customer base.  The following table summarizes our sales
revenue by geographical location:

 Year
 ended December 31,

 2005

 2006

 2007

 (Percentage
 of total sales revenue)

 Sales
 revenue to customers within:

 North America

56

%

59

%

58

%

 Europe

36

%

32

%

33

%

 Other

8

%

9

%

9

%

 Total

100

%

100

%

100

%

Further
information regarding our external sales, net income, long-lived assets and
total assets can be found in our Consolidated Balance Sheets, Consolidated
Statements of Income and Notes 5 and 17 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Substantially
all of our sales and operating income are derived from operations based in the
U.S., the U.K., France and Italy.  More than half of our sales revenue
is from sales to the commercial aerospace sector.  We have LTAs with
several major aerospace customers, including Boeing, Rolls-Royce, UTC, Snecma
and Wyman-Gordon.  This concentration of customers may impact our
overall exposure to credit and other risks, either positively or negatively, in
that all of these customers may be similarly affected by the same economic or
other conditions.  The following table provides supplemental sales
revenue information:

 Year
 ended December 31,

 2005

 2006

 2007

 (Percentage
 of total sales revenue)

 Ten largest
 customers

44

%

49

%

49

%

 Significant
 customers:

 PCC and PCC-related entities

(1)

13

%

11

%

11

%

 Boeing 
(2)

-

-

10

%

 Customers under
 LTAs

47

%

39

%

47

%

 Significant customers under
 LTAs:

 Rolls-Royce 
(1)
 (2)

12

%

-

12

%

 Boeing 
(2)

-

-

10

%

 (1)

PCC
 and PCC-related entities serve as suppliers to Rolls-Royce. Certain
 sales we make directly to PCC and PCC-related entities also count towards,
 and are reflected in, the

 table above as sales to Rolls-Royce under the Rolls-Royce
 LTA.

 (2)

Amounts
 excluded for periods when the revenue percentage is not at least
 10%.

 7

The
primary market for titanium products in the commercial aerospace sector consists
of two major manufacturers of large commercial airframes, Boeing Commercial
Airplanes Group (a unit of Boeing) and Airbus, as well as manufacturers of large
civil aircraft engines including Rolls-Royce, General Electric Aircraft Engines,
Pratt & Whitney and Snecma.  We sell directly to these major
manufacturers, as well as to companies (including forgers such as Wyman-Gordon)
that use our titanium to produce parts and other materials for such
manufacturers.  Approximately 57% of our sales revenue in both 2005
and 2006 and 55% of sales revenue in 2007 was generated by sales into the
commercial aerospace sector.  If any of the major aerospace
manufacturers were to significantly reduce aircraft and/or jet engine build
rates from those currently expected, there could be a material adverse effect,
both directly and indirectly, on our business, results of operations, financial
position and liquidity.

The
market for titanium in the military sector includes sales of melted and mill
titanium products engineered for applications for military aircraft (both
engines and airframes), armor and component parts, armor appliqué on ground
combat vehicles and other integrated armor or structural
components.  We sell directly to many of the major manufacturers
associated with military programs on a global basis.  Approximately
12% in 2005, 15% in 2006 and 19% in 2007 of our sales revenue was generated by
sales into the military sector.

Outside
of commercial aerospace and military sectors, we manufacture a wide range of
products for customers in the chemical process, oil and gas, consumer, sporting
goods, automotive and power generation sectors.  Approximately 16% in
2005, 17% in 2006 and 16% in 2007 of our sales revenue was generated by sales
into industrial and emerging market sectors.

In
addition to melted and mill products, which are sold into all market sectors, we
sell certain other products such as titanium fabrications, titanium scrap and
titanium tetrachloride.  Sales of these other products represented 15%
of our sales revenue in 2005, 11% in 2006 and 10% in 2007.

Our
backlog has grown significantly from approximately $0.9 billion at December 31,
2005, to $1.1 billion at December 31, 2006 and to $1.0 billion at December 31,
2007.  Over 87% of the 2007 year-end backlog is scheduled for shipment
during 2008.  Our order backlog may not be a reliable indicator of
future business activity.

We have
explored and will continue to explore strategic arrangements in the areas of
product development, production and distribution.  We will also
continue to work with existing and potential customers to identify and develop
new or improved applications for titanium that take advantage of its unique
qualities.

Competition.  The
titanium metals industry is highly competitive on a worldwide basis. Producers
of melted and mill products are located primarily in the United States, Japan,
France, Germany, Italy, Russia, China and the United
Kingdom.  Additionally, producers of other metal products, such as
steel and aluminum, maintain forging, rolling and finishing facilities that
could be used or modified to process titanium products.  There are
also several producers of titanium sponge in the world, at least four of which
are currently in some stage of increasing sponge production
capacity.  We believe entry as a new producer of titanium sponge would
require a significant capital investment, substantial technical expertise and
significant lead time.

Our
principal competitors in the aerospace titanium market are Allegheny
Technologies Incorporated (“ATI”) and RTI International Metals, Inc. (“RTI”),
both based in the United States, and Verkhnaya Salda Metallurgical Production
Organization (“VSMPO”), based in Russia.  UNITI (a joint venture
between ATI and VSMPO), RTI and certain Japanese producers are our principal
competitors in the industrial and emerging markets.  We compete
primarily on the basis of price, quality of products, technical support and the
availability of products to meet customers’ delivery schedules.

In the
U.S. market, the increasing presence of foreign participants has become a
significant competitive factor.  Prior to 1993, imports of foreign
titanium products into the U.S. were not significant, primarily attributable to
relative currency exchange rates and, with respect to Japan, Russia, Kazakhstan
and Ukraine, import duties (including antidumping duties).  However,
since 1993, imports of titanium sponge, ingot and mill products, principally
from Russia and Kazakhstan, have increased and have had a significant
competitive impact on the U.S. titanium industry.  To the extent we
are able to take advantage of this situation by purchasing sponge from such
countries for use in our own operations, the negative effect of these imports on
us can be somewhat mitigated.

Generally,
imports of titanium products into the U.S. are subject to a 15% “normal trade
relations” tariff.  For tariff purposes, titanium products are broadly
classified as either wrought (billet, bar, sheet, strip, plate and tubing) or
unwrought (sponge, ingot and slab).  Because a significant portion of
end-use products made from titanium products are ultimately exported, we, along
with our principal competitors and many customers, actively utilize the
duty-drawback mechanism to recover most of the tariff paid on
imports.

From
time-to-time, the U.S. government has granted preferential trade status to
certain titanium products imported from particular countries (notably wrought
titanium products from Russia, which carried no U.S. import duties from
approximately 1993 until 2004).  It is possible that such preferential
status could be granted again in the future.

The
Japanese government has raised the elimination or harmonization of tariffs on
titanium products, including titanium sponge, for consideration in multi-lateral
trade negotiations through the World Trade Organization (the so-called “Doha
Round”).  As part of the Doha Round, the United States has proposed
the staged elimination of all industrial tariffs, including those on
titanium.  The Japanese government has specifically asked that
titanium in all its forms be included in the tariff elimination
program.  We have urged that no change be made to these tariffs,
either on wrought or unwrought products.  The negotiations are ongoing
and are expected to continue during 2008.

We will
continue to resist efforts to eliminate duties on titanium products, although we
may not be successful in these activities.  Further reductions in, or
the complete elimination of, any or all of these tariffs could lead to increased
imports of foreign sponge, ingot and mill products into the U.S. and an increase
in the amount of such products on the market generally, which could adversely
affect pricing for titanium sponge, ingot and mill products and thus our results
of operations, financial position or liquidity.

 8

In 2006,
legislation formerly known as the “Berry Amendment,” was re-enacted by Congress
with minor changes.  In general, the Berry Amendment requires that the
United States Department of Defense (“DoD”) expend funds for products containing
specialty metals, including titanium, that have been melted only in the United
States.  In 2007, the DoD adopted regulations implementing the revised
law which reduced the effectiveness of the law.  During 2007, progress
was achieved to move toward a successful implementation of the revised specialty
metals provision and legislation was enacted into law in early 2008 which is
expected to solidify the effectiveness of the law.  A weakening in the
enforcement of the specialty metals clause could increase foreign competition
for sales of titanium for defense products, adversely affecting our business,
results of operations, financial position or liquidity.

Research and
development.  Our research and development activities are
directed toward expanding the use of titanium and titanium alloys in all market
sectors.  Key research activities include the development of new
alloys, development of technology required to enhance the performance of our
products in the traditional industrial and aerospace markets and applications
development for emerging markets.  In addition, we continue to work in
partnership with the United States Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency
("DARPA") and others to explore means to reduce the cost of titanium
production.  The work with DARPA complements our research, development
and exploration of innovative technologies and improvements to the existing
processes such as Vacuum Distillation of sponge and Vacuum Arc Remelting
processes.  We conduct the majority of our research and development
activities at our Henderson Technical Laboratory in Henderson, with additional
activities at our Witton, England facility.  We incurred research and
development costs of $3.2 million in 2005, $4.7 million in 2006 and $4.2 million
in 2007.

Patents and
trademarks.  We hold U.S. and non-U.S. patents applicable to
certain of our titanium alloys and manufacturing technology, which expire at
various times from 2007 through 2025 and we have certain other patent
applications pending.  We continually seek patent protection with
respect to our technical base and have occasionally entered into cross-licensing
arrangements with third parties.  We believe the trademarks TIMET
® and
TIMETAL
®, which
are protected by registration in the U.S. and other countries, are important to
our business.  However, the majority of our titanium alloys and
manufacturing technologies do not benefit from patent or other intellectual
property protection.

Employees.  Our
employee headcount varies due to the cyclical nature of the aerospace industry
and its impact on our business.  Our employee headcount includes both
our full and part-time employees.  The increases in our headcount
during 2006 and 2007 reflect the increase in demand for titanium products during
those periods.  The following table shows our approximate employee
headcount at the end of the past 3 years:

 Employees
 at December 31,

 2005

 2006

 2007

 U.S.

1,450

1,545

1,670

 Europe

790

835

860

 Total

2,240

2,380

2,530

Our
production, maintenance, clerical and technical workers in Toronto, Ohio, and
our production and maintenance workers in Henderson (approximately half of our
total U.S. employees) are represented by the United Steelworkers of America
under contracts expiring in July 2008 and January 2011,
respectively.  Employees at our other U.S. facilities are not covered
by collective bargaining agreements.  A majority of the salaried and
hourly employees at our European facilities are represented by various European
labor unions.  Our labor agreement with our U.K. production and
maintenance employees runs through December 2008, and our labor agreement with
our U.K. managerial and professional employees runs through April
2008.  Our labor agreements with our French and Italian employees are
renewed annually.

We
currently consider our employee relations to be good.  However, it is
possible that there could be future work stoppages or other labor disruptions
that could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations,
financial position or liquidity.

Regulatory and
environmental matters.  Our operations are governed by various
Federal, state, local and foreign environmental and worker safety laws and
regulations.  In the U.S., such laws include the Occupational, Safety
and Health Act, the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act and the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act.  We use and manufacture substantial
quantities of substances that are considered hazardous, extremely hazardous or
toxic under environmental and worker safety and health laws and
regulations.  We have used and manufactured such substances throughout
the history of our operations.  Although we have substantial controls
and procedures designed to reduce continuing risk of environmental, health and
safety issues, we could incur substantial cleanup costs, fines and civil or
criminal sanctions, third party property damage or personal injury claims as a
result of violations or liabilities under these laws or non-compliance with
environmental permits required at our facilities.  In addition,
government environmental requirements or the enforcement thereof may become more
stringent in the future.  It is possible that some, or all, of these
risks could result in liabilities that would be material to our business,
results of operations, financial position or liquidity.

We
believe our operations are in compliance in all material respects with
applicable requirements of environmental and worker health and safety
laws.  Our policy is to continually strive to improve environmental,
health and safety performance.  We incurred capital expenditures
related to health, safety and environmental compliance and improvement of
approximately $25.1 million in 2005 (including $23.4 million related to the
construction of a water conservation facility at our Henderson location), $2.0
million in 2006 and $3.0 million in 2007.

From time
to time, we may be subject to health, safety or environmental regulatory
enforcement under various statutes, resolution of which typically involves the
establishment of compliance programs.  Occasionally, resolution of
these matters may result in the payment of penalties.  However, the
imposition of more strict standards or requirements under environmental, health
or safety laws and regulations could result in expenditures in excess of amounts
currently estimated to be required for such matters.  See Note 15 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Related
parties.  At December 31, 2007, Contran Corporation and other
entities or persons related to Harold C. Simmons held approximately 51.7% of our
outstanding common stock.  See Notes 1 and 14 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.

 9

Available
information.  We maintain an Internet website at 
www.timet.com.  Our
Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports
on Form 8-K, and any amendments thereto, are or will be available free of charge
on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed or
furnished, as applicable, with the SEC.  Additionally, our (i)
Corporate Governance Guidelines, (ii) Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and
(iii) Audit Committee, Management Development and Compensation Committee and
Nominations Committee charters are also available on our
website.  Information contained on our website is not part of this
Annual Report.  We will provide these documents to shareholders upon
request.  Requests should be directed to the attention of our Investor
Relations Department at our corporate offices located at 5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite
1700, Dallas Texas 75240.

The
general public may read and copy any materials on file with the SEC at the SEC’s
Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549 and may obtain
information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at
1-800-SEC-0330.  We are an electronic filer, and the SEC maintains an
Internet website at www.sec.gov that
contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.



Listed
below are certain risk factors associated with our business.  In
addition to the potential effect of these risk factors discussed below, any risk
factor that could result in reduced earnings, liquidity or operating losses,
could in turn adversely affect our ability to meet our liabilities or adversely
affect the quoted market prices for our securities.

The cyclical
nature of the commercial aerospace industry, which represents a significant
portion of our business, creates uncertainty regarding our future
profitability.  In addition, adverse changes to, or interruptions in,
our relationships with our major commercial aerospace customers could reduce our
revenues.  The commercial aerospace sector has a significant
influence on titanium companies, particularly mill product
producers.  Our business is more dependent on commercial aerospace
demand than is the overall titanium industry.  We shipped
approximately 60% of our mill products to commercial aerospace customers in
2007, whereas we estimate approximately 44% of the overall titanium industry’s
mill products were shipped to commercial aerospace customers in
2007.  The cyclical nature of the commercial aerospace sector has been
the principal driver of the historical fluctuations in the performance of most
titanium product producers.  Our product sales, including melted and
mill products, to commercial aerospace customers accounted for 57% of our net
sales for each of 2005 and 2006 and for 55% in 2007.  Events that
could adversely affect the commercial aerospace sector, such as future terrorist
attacks, world health crises or unforeseen reductions in orders from commercial
airlines, could significantly decrease our results of operations and financial
condition.

Sales
under LTAs with certain customers in the commercial aerospace sector account for
a significant percentage of our annual sales revenue.  If we are
unable to maintain our relationships with our major commercial aerospace
customers, including Boeing, Rolls-Royce, Snecma, UTC and Wyman-Gordon, under
the LTAs we have with these customers, our sales could decrease
substantially.

The titanium
metals industry is highly competitive, and we may not be able to compete
successfully.  The global titanium markets in which we operate
are highly competitive.  Competition is based on a number of factors,
such as price, product quality and service.  Some of our competitors
may be able to drive down prices for our products because their costs are lower
than our costs.  In addition, some of our competitors' financial,
technological and other resources may be greater than our resources, and such
competitors may be better able to withstand changes in market
conditions.  Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly than
we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer
requirements.  Further, consolidation of our competitors or customers
in any of the industries in which we compete may result in reduced demand for
our products.  In addition, producers of metal products, such as steel
and aluminum, maintain forging, rolling and finishing
facilities.  Such facilities could be used or modified to process
titanium mill products, which could lead to increased competition and decreased
pricing for our titanium products.  In addition, many factors,
including the historical presence of excess capacity in the titanium industry,
work to intensify the price competition for available business at low points in
the business cycle.

Our dependence
upon certain critical raw materials that are subject to price and availability
fluctuations could lead to increased costs or delays in the manufacture and sale
of our products.  We rely on a limited number of suppliers
around the world, and principally on those located in Australia, for our supply
of titanium-containing rutile ore, one of the primary raw materials used in the
production of titanium sponge.  While chlorine, another of the primary
raw materials used in the production of titanium sponge, is generally widely
available, we currently obtain our chlorine from a single supplier near our
sponge plant in Henderson.  Also, we cannot supply all our needs for
all grades of titanium sponge and scrap internally and are therefore dependent
on third parties for a substantial portion of our raw material
requirements.  All of our major competitors utilize sponge and scrap
as raw materials in their melt operations.  Titanium scrap is also
used in certain steel-making operations, and demand for these steel products,
especially from China, has produced a significant increase in demand for
titanium scrap.  Purchase prices and availability of these critical
materials are subject to volatility.  At any given time, we may be
unable to obtain an adequate supply of these critical materials on a timely
basis, on price and other terms acceptable to us, or at all.  To help
stabilize our supply of titanium sponge, we have entered into LTAs with certain
sponge suppliers that contain fixed annual supply obligations.  These
LTAs also contain minimum annual purchase requirements.  See “Business
– Products and Operations – 
Raw materials,” “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations –
Liquidity and Capital Resources – 
Contractual commitments” and
Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Although
inflationary trends in recent years have been moderate, during the same period
certain critical raw material costs including titanium sponge and scrap have
been volatile.  While we are able to mitigate some of the adverse
impact of fluctuating raw material costs through LTAs with suppliers and
customers, rapid increases in raw material costs may adversely affect our
results of operations.

 10

The rapid
increase in titanium prices may cause our customers to look for alternatives to
titanium in their products.  Our average selling prices for
melted and mill titanium have on average increased 50% and 28%, respectively, in
each of the last two years as a result of a sharp increase in titanium demand
that has exceeded industry expansion.  If prices for titanium are
sustained at this record level, new markets and application opportunities for
titanium may diminish as the use of titanium becomes too costly for many
manufacturers.  In addition, manufacturers that currently use titanium
for their products may look for less expensive alternatives for titanium in
existing products and applications.  If these events were to occur,
our sales and operating results could decrease substantially, resulting in
decreased profitability and our continued dependence on the military and
commercial aerospace industries.

We change
prices on certain of our products from time-to-time. Our ability to implement
price increases is dependent on market conditions, economic factors, raw
material costs and availability, competitive factors, operating costs and other
factors, some of which are beyond our control. The benefits of any price
increases may be delayed due to long manufacturing lead times and the terms of
existing contracts.  These factors have had, and may have, an adverse
impact on our revenues, operating results and financial condition.

Our failure to
develop new markets would result in our continued dependence on the cyclical
commercial aerospace sector, and our operating results would, accordingly,
remain cyclical.  In an effort to reduce dependence on the
commercial aerospace market and to increase participation in other markets, we
have devoted certain resources to developing new markets and applications for
our products.  Developing these emerging market applications involves
substantial risk and uncertainties due to the fact that titanium must compete
with less expensive alternative materials in these potential markets or
applications.  We may not be successful in developing new markets or
applications for our products, significant time may be required for such
development and uncertainty exists as to the extent to which we will face
competition in this regard.

Because we are
subject to environmental and worker safety laws and regulations, we may be
required to remediate the environmental effects of our operations or take steps
to modify our operations to comply with these laws and regulations, which could
reduce our profitability.  Various Federal, state, local and
foreign environmental and worker safety laws and regulations govern our
operations.  Throughout the history of our operations, we have used
and manufactured, and currently use and manufacture, substantial quantities of
substances that are considered hazardous, extremely hazardous or toxic under
environmental and worker safety and health laws and
regulations.  Although we have substantial controls and procedures
designed to reduce continuing risk of environmental, health and safety issues,
we could incur substantial cleanup costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions,
third party property damage or personal injury claims as a result of violations
or liabilities under these laws or non-compliance with environmental permits
required at our facilities.  In addition, government environmental
requirements or the enforcement thereof may become more stringent in the
future.  Some or all of these risks may result in liabilities that
could reduce our profitability.

Reductions in, or
the complete elimination of, any or all tariffs on imported titanium products
into the United States could lead to increased imports of foreign sponge, ingot
and mill products into the U.S. and an increase in the amount of such products
on the market generally, which could decrease pricing for our
products.  In the U.S. titanium market, the increasing presence
of foreign participants has become a significant competitive
factor.  Until 1993, imports of foreign titanium products into the
U.S. had not been significant.  This was primarily attributable to
relative currency exchange rates and, with respect to Japan, Russia, Kazakhstan
and Ukraine, import duties (including antidumping duties).  However,
since 1993, imports of titanium sponge, ingot and mill products, principally
from Russia and Kazakhstan, have increased and have had a significant
competitive impact on the U.S. titanium industry.

Generally,
imports of titanium products into the U.S. are subject to a 15% “normal trade
relations” tariff.  For tariff purposes, titanium products are broadly
classified as either wrought (billet, bar, sheet, strip, plate and tubing) or
unwrought (sponge, ingot and slab).  From time-to-time, the U.S.
government has granted preferential trade status to certain titanium products
imported from particular countries (notably wrought titanium products from
Russia, which carried no U.S. import duties from approximately 1993 until
2004).  It is possible that such preferential status could be granted
again in the future, and we may not be successful in resisting efforts to
eliminate duties or tariffs on titanium products.  See discussion of
Doha Round in “Business – Competition.”

We may be unable
to reach or maintain satisfactory collective bargaining agreements with unions
representing a significant portion of our employees.  Our
production, maintenance, clerical and technical workers in Toronto, and our
production and maintenance workers in Henderson, are represented by the United
Steelworkers of America under contracts expiring in July 2008 and January 2011,
for the respective locations.  A majority of the salaried and hourly
employees at our European facilities are represented by various European labor
unions.  Each of our labor agreements with our U.K. employees expires
in 2008, and the agreements with our French and Italian employees are renewed
annually.  A labor dispute or work stoppage could materially decrease
our operating results.  We may not succeed in concluding collective
bargaining agreements with the unions to replace expiring agreements or to
maintain satisfactory relations under existing collective bargaining
agreements.  If our employees were to engage in a strike, work
stoppage or other slowdown, we could experience a significant disruption of our
operations or higher ongoing labor costs.