.

As is the case for any retailer, Registrant’s success in achieving its objectives and expectations
is dependent upon general economic conditions, competitive conditions and consumer attitudes.
However, certain factors are specific to the Registrant and/or the markets in which it operates.

The following “risk factors” are specific to Registrant; these risk factors affect the
likelihood that Registrant will achieve the financial objectives and expectations communicated by
management:

(i) Risk: that a decline in consumer confidence will adversely affect Registrant’s sales.

          As a retailer of goods which are discretionary purchases, Registrant’s sales results are
particularly sensitive to changes in consumer confidence. Consumer confidence is affected by
general business conditions; changes in the market value of securities and real estate; inflation;
interest rates and the availability of consumer credit; tax rates; and expectations of future
economic conditions and employment prospects.

          Consumer spending for discretionary goods generally declines during times of falling consumer
confidence, which will negatively affect Registrant’s earnings because of its cost base and
inventory investment.

(ii) Risk: that sales will decline or remain flat in Registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter, which
includes the holiday selling season.

          Registrant’s business is seasonal in nature, with the fourth quarter typically representing at
least one-third of annual net sales and approximately one-half of annual net earnings. Poor sales
results during Registrant’s fourth quarter will have a material adverse effect on Registrant’s
sales and profits.

(iii) Risk: that regional instability and conflict will disrupt tourist travel.

          Unsettled regional and global conflicts or crises which result in military, terrorist or other
conditions creating disruptions or disincentives to, or changes in the pattern, practice or
frequency of tourist travel to the various regions where the Registrant operates retail stores
could adversely affect the Registrant’s sales and profits.

(iv) Risk: that the Japanese yen will weaken against the U.S. dollar and require Registrant to
raise prices or shrink profit margins in Japan.

          Registrant’s sales in Japan represented approximately 17% of Registrant’s net sales in Fiscal
2007. A substantial weakening of the Japanese yen against the U.S. dollar would require Registrant
to raise its retail prices in Japan or reduce its profit margins. Japanese consumers may not
accept significant price increases on Registrant’s goods; thus there is a risk that a substantial
weakening of the yen will result in reduced sales or profit margins.

(v) Risk: that Registrant will be unable to continue to offer merchandise designed by Elsa
Peretti or Paloma Picasso.

          Registrant’s long-standing right to sell the jewelry designs of Elsa Peretti and Paloma
Picasso and use their trademarks is responsible for a substantial portion of Registrant’s revenues.
Merchandise designed by Elsa Peretti and by Paloma Picasso accounted for 11% and 3% of Fiscal 2007
net sales, respectively. Tiffany has exclusive license arrangements with Elsa Peretti and Paloma
Picasso; these arrangements are subject to royalty payments as well as other requirements. Each
license may be

TIFFANY & CO.
K - 20

terminated by Tiffany or the designer on six-months notice, even in the case where no default has
occurred. Also, no agreements have been made for the continued sale of the designs or use of the
trademarks ELSA PERETTI or PALOMA PICASSO following the death of either designer. Loss of either
license would materially adversely affect Registrant’s business through lost sales and profits.

(vi) Risk: that increased commodity prices or reduced supply availability will adversely affect
Registrant’s ability to produce and sell products at historic profit margins.

          Most of Registrant’s jewelry and non-jewelry offerings are made with diamonds, gemstones
and/or precious metals. A significant change in the prices of these commodities could adversely
affect Registrant’s business, which is vulnerable to the risks inherent in the trade for such
commodities. A substantial decrease in the supply or an increase in the price of raw materials
and/or high-quality rough and polished diamonds within the quality grades, colors and sizes that
customers demand could lead to decreased customer demand and lost sales and/or reduced gross profit
margins.

(vii) Risk: that the value of the TIFFANY & CO. trademark will decline due to the sale by
infringers of counterfeit merchandise.

          The TIFFANY & CO. trademark is an asset which is essential to the competitiveness and success
of Registrant’s business and Registrant takes appropriate action to protect it. However,
Registrant’s enforcement actions have not stopped the imitation and counterfeit of Registrant’s
merchandise or the infringement of the trademark. The continued sale of counterfeit merchandise
could have an adverse effect on the TIFFANY & CO. brand by undermining Tiffany’s reputation for
quality goods and making such goods appear less desirable to consumers of luxury goods. Damage to
the brand would result in lost sales and profits.

(viii) Risk: that Registrant will be unable to lease sufficient space for its retail stores in
prime locations.

          Registrant, positioned as a luxury goods retailer, has established its retail presence in
choice store locations. If Registrant cannot secure and retain locations on suitable terms in
prime and desired luxury shopping locations, its expansion plans, sales and profits will be
jeopardized.

(ix) Risk: that Registrant’s business is dependent upon the distinctive appeal of the TIFFANY
& CO. brand.

          The TIFFANY & CO. brand’s association with quality, luxury and exclusivity is integral to the
success of Registrant’s business. Registrant’s expansion plans for retail and direct selling
operations and merchandise development, production and management support the brand’s appeal.
Consequently, poor maintenance, promotion and positioning of the TIFFANY & CO. brand through market
over-saturation may adversely affect the business by diminishing the distinctive appeal of the
TIFFANY & CO. brand and tarnishing its image. This will result in lower sales and profits.