.

As is the case for any retailer, the Registrant’s success in achieving its objectives and
expectations is dependent upon general economic conditions, competitive conditions and consumer
attitudes. However, certain factors are specific to the Registrant and/or the markets in which it
operates. The

TIFFANY & CO.

K - 14

Table of Contents

following “risk factors” are specific to the Registrant; these risk factors affect
the likelihood that the Registrant will achieve the financial objectives and expectations
communicated by management:

(i) Risk: that a continuation or worsening of challenging global economic conditions and related
low levels of consumer confidence over a prolonged period of time could adversely affect the
Registrant’s sales.

          As a retailer of goods which are discretionary purchases, the Registrant’s sales results are
particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions and consumer confidence. Consumer
confidence is affected by general business conditions; changes in the market value of securities
and real estate; inflation; interest rates and the availability of consumer credit; tax rates; and
expectations of future economic conditions and employment prospects.

          Consumer spending for discretionary goods generally declines during times of falling consumer
confidence, which negatively affects the Registrant’s earnings because of its cost base and
inventory investment.

          Many of the Registrant’s competitors may continue to react to falling consumer confidence by
reducing their retail prices; such reductions and/or inventory liquidations can have a short-term
adverse effect on the Registrant’s sales.

          In addition, some observers believe that the short-term attractiveness of “luxury” goods may
have waned in certain markets, such as Japan, thus reducing demand. This could adversely affect the
Registrant’s sales and margins.

          Registrant has invested in and operates 20 stores in the Hong Kong, Macau and mainland China
markets and anticipates significant further expansion. Some observers believe that the high levels
of Chinese economic growth may be unsustainable. Should the Chinese economy experience an economic
slowdown, the sales and profitability of its stores in this region could be affected.

          Uncertainty surrounding the current global economic environment makes it more difficult for
the Registrant to forecast operating results. The Registrant’s forecasts employ the use of
estimates and assumptions. Actual results could differ from forecasts, and those differences could
be material.

(ii) Risk: that sales will decline or remain flat in the Registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter, which
includes the Holiday selling season.

          The Registrant’s business is seasonal in nature, with the fourth quarter typically
representing at least one-third of annual net sales and approximately one-half of annual net
earnings. Poor sales results during the Registrant’s fourth quarter will have a material adverse
effect on the Registrant’s sales and profits.

(iii) Risk: that regional instability and conflict will disrupt tourist travel and local consumer
spending.

          Unsettled regional and global conflicts or crises which result in military, terrorist or other
conditions creating disruptions or disincentives to, or changes in the pattern, practice or
frequency of tourist travel to the various regions and local consumer spending where the Registrant
operates retail stores could adversely affect the Registrant’s sales and profits.

TIFFANY & CO.

K - 15

Table of Contents

(iv) Risk: that foreign currencies will weaken against the U.S. dollar and require the Registrant
to raise prices or shrink profit margins in locations outside of the U.S.

          The Registrant operates retail stores and boutiques in various countries outside of the U.S.
and, as a result, is exposed to market risk from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
In 2009, the Registrant’s sales in those countries represented approximately half of its net sales,
of which Japan represented 19% of net sales. A substantial weakening of foreign currencies against
the U.S. dollar would require the Registrant to raise its retail prices or reduce its profit
margins in various locations outside of the U.S. Consumers in those markets may not accept
significant price increases on the Registrant’s goods; thus there is a risk that a substantial
weakening of foreign currencies will result in reduced sales or profit margins.

(v) Risk: that the current volatile global economy may have a material adverse effect on the
Registrant’s liquidity and capital resources.

          The global economy and the credit and equity markets have undergone significant disruption in
the past two years. A prolonged weakness in the economy, extending further than those included in
management’s projections, could have an effect on the Registrant’s cost of borrowing, could
diminish its ability to service or maintain existing financing and could make it more difficult for
the Registrant to obtain additional financing or to refinance existing long-term obligations. In
addition, increased disruption in the markets could lead to the failure of financial institutions.
If any of the banks participating in the Registrant’s revolving credit facility were to declare
bankruptcy, the Registrant would no longer have access to those committed funds.

          Any significant deterioration in the stock market could negatively affect the valuation of
pension plan assets and result in increased minimum funding requirements.

(vi) Risk: that the Registrant will be unable to continue to offer merchandise designed by Elsa
Peretti.

          The Registrant’s long-standing right to sell the jewelry designs of Elsa Peretti and use her
trademarks is responsible for a substantial portion of the Registrant’s revenues. Merchandise
designed by Ms. Peretti accounted for 10% of 2009 net sales. Tiffany has an exclusive license
arrangement with Ms. Peretti; this arrangement is subject to royalty payments as well as other
requirements. This license may be terminated by Tiffany or Ms. Peretti on six months notice, even
in the case where no default has occurred. Also, no agreement has been made for the continued sale
of the designs or use of the trademarks ELSA PERETTI following the death or disability of Ms.
Peretti, who is now 69 years of age. Loss of this license would materially adversely affect the
Registrant’s business through lost sales and profits.

(vii) Risk: that changes in prices of diamonds and precious metals or reduced supply availability
might adversely affect the Registrant’s ability to produce and sell products at desired profit
margins.

          Most of the Registrant’s jewelry and non-jewelry offerings are made with diamonds, gemstones
and/or precious metals. Acquiring diamonds for the engagement business has, at times, been
difficult because of supply limitations; Tiffany may not be able to maintain a comprehensive
selection of diamonds in each retail location due to the broad assortment of sizes, colors, clarity
grades and cuts demanded by customers. A significant change in the prices or supply of these
commodities could adversely affect the Registrant’s business, which is vulnerable to the risks
inherent in the trade for such commodities. A substantial increase or decrease in the price or
supply of raw materials and/or high-quality rough and polished diamonds within the

TIFFANY & CO.

K - 16

Table of Contents

quality grades,
colors and sizes that customers demand could affect, negatively or positively, customer demand,
sales and gross profit margins.

          If trade relationships between the Registrant and one or more of its significant vendors were
disrupted, the Registrant’s sales could be adversely affected in the short-term until alternative
supply arrangements could be established.

(viii) Risk: that the value of the TIFFANY & CO. trademark will decline due to the sale of
counterfeit merchandise by infringers.

          The TIFFANY & CO. trademark is an asset which is essential to the competitiveness and success
of the Registrant’s business and the Registrant takes appropriate action to protect it. Tiffany
actively pursues those who produce or sell counterfeit TIFFANY & CO. goods through civil action and
cooperation with criminal law enforcement agencies. However, the Registrant’s enforcement actions
have not stopped the imitation and counterfeit of the Registrant’s merchandise or the infringement
of the trademark, and counterfeit TIFFANY & CO. goods remain available in many markets. In recent
years, there has been an increase in the availability of counterfeit goods, predominantly silver
jewelry, in various markets by street vendors and small retailers, as well as on the Internet. The
continued sale of counterfeit merchandise could have an adverse effect on the TIFFANY & CO. brand
by undermining Tiffany’s reputation for quality goods and making such goods appear less desirable
to consumers of luxury goods. Damage to the brand would result in lost sales and profits.

(ix) Risk: that the Registrant will be unable to lease sufficient space for its retail stores in
prime locations.

          The Registrant, positioned as a luxury goods retailer, has established its retail presence in
choice store locations. If the Registrant cannot secure and retain locations on suitable terms in
prime and desired luxury shopping locations, its expansion plans, sales and profits will be
jeopardized.

          In Japan, many of the retail locations are located in department stores. TIFFANY & CO.
boutiques located in department stores in Japan represented 79% of net sales in Japan and 15% of
consolidated net sales in 2009. In recent years, the Japanese department store industry has, in
general, suffered declining sales and there is a risk that such financial difficulties will force
further consolidations or store closings. Should one or more Japanese department store operators
elect or be required to close one or more stores now housing a TIFFANY & CO. boutique, the
Registrant’s sales and profits would be reduced while alternative premises were being obtained. The
Registrant’s commercial relationships with department stores in Japan, and their abilities to
continue as leading department store operators, have been and will continue to be substantial
factors affecting the Registrant’s business in Japan.

(x) Risk: that the Registrant’s business is dependent upon the distinctive appeal of the TIFFANY &
CO. brand.

          The TIFFANY & CO. brand’s association with quality, luxury and exclusivity is integral to the
success of the Registrant’s business. The Registrant’s expansion plans for retail and direct
selling operations and merchandise development, production and management support the brand’s
appeal. Consequently, poor maintenance, promotion and positioning of the TIFFANY & CO. brand, as
well as market over-saturation, may adversely affect the business by diminishing the distinctive
appeal of the TIFFANY & CO. brand and tarnishing its image. This would result in lower sales and
profits.

TIFFANY & CO.

K - 17

Table of Contents