.

As is the case for any retailer, the Registrant’s success in achieving its objectives and
expectations is dependent upon general economic conditions, competitive conditions and consumer
attitudes. However, certain factors are specific to the Registrant and/or the markets in which it
operates. The following “risk factors” are specific to the Registrant; these risk factors affect
the likelihood that the Registrant will achieve the financial objectives and expectations
communicated by management:

(i) Risk: that challenging global economic conditions and related low levels of consumer confidence
over a prolonged period of time could adversely affect the Registrant’s sales.

As a retailer of goods which are discretionary purchases, the Registrant’s sales results are
particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions and consumer confidence. Consumer
confidence is affected by general business conditions; changes in the market value of securities
and real estate; inflation; interest rates and the availability of consumer credit; tax rates; and
expectations of future economic conditions and employment prospects.

Consumer spending for discretionary goods generally declines during times of falling consumer
confidence, which negatively affects the Registrant’s earnings because of its cost base and
inventory investment.

Many of the Registrant’s competitors may react to any declines in consumer confidence by
reducing retail prices and promoting such reductions; such reductions and/or inventory liquidations
can have a short-term adverse effect on the Registrant’s sales, especially given the Registrant’s
policy of not engaging in price promotional activity.

The Registrant has invested in and operates more than 20 stores in the greater China region
and anticipates significant further expansion. Should the Chinese economy experience an economic
slowdown, the sales and profitability of those stores in this region could be affected.

Uncertainty surrounding the current global economic environment makes it more difficult for
the Registrant to forecast operating results. The Registrant’s forecasts employ the use of
estimates and assumptions. Actual results could differ from forecasts, and those differences could
be material.

(ii) Risk: that sales will decline or remain flat in the Registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter, which
includes the Holiday selling season.

The Registrant’s business is seasonal in nature, with the fourth quarter typically
representing at least one-third of annual net sales and approximately one-half of annual net
earnings. Poor sales results during the Registrant’s fourth quarter will have a material adverse
effect on the Registrant’s sales and profits and will result in higher inventories.

(iii) Risk: that regional instability and conflict will disrupt tourist travel and local consumer
spending.

TIFFANY & CO.

K - 15

Table of Contents

Unsettled regional and global conflicts or crises such as military
actions,
terrorist activities,
natural disasters, government regulations or other conditions creating disruptions or disincentives
to, or changes in the pattern, practice or frequency of tourist travel to the various regions and
local consumer spending where the Registrant operates retail stores could adversely affect the
Registrant’s sales and profits.

(iv) Risk: that weakening foreign currencies may negatively affect the Company’s sales and
profitability.

The Registrant operates retail stores and boutiques in various countries outside of the U.S.
and, as a result, is exposed to market risk from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
In 2010, countries
outside of the U.S. in aggregate represented approximately half of the Registrant’s net sales and
more than half of its earnings from continuing operations, of which Japan represented 18% of the
Registrant’s net sales and 27% of the Registrant’s earnings from continuing operations. In order to
maintain its worldwide relative pricing structure, a substantial weakening of foreign currencies
against the U.S. dollar would require the Registrant to raise its retail prices or reduce its
profit margins in various locations outside of the U.S. Consumers in those markets may not accept
significant price increases on the Registrant’s goods; thus, there is a risk that a substantial
weakening of foreign currencies will result in reduced sales and profitability.

The results of the operations of the Registrant’s international subsidiaries are exposed to
foreign exchange rate fluctuations as the financial results of the applicable subsidiaries are
translated from the local currency into U.S. dollars during the process of financial statement
consolidation. If the U.S. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies, the translation of these
foreign currency denominated transactions will decrease consolidated net sales and profitability.

In addition, a weakening in foreign currency exchange rates may create disincentives to, or
changes in the pattern, practice or frequency of tourist travel to the various regions where the
Registrant operates retail stores which could adversely affect the Registrant’s net sales and
profitability.

(v) Risk: that volatile global economic conditions may have a material adverse effect on the
Registrant’s liquidity and capital resources.

The global economy and the credit and equity markets have undergone significant disruption in
recent years. A prolonged weakness in the economy, extending further than those included in
management’s projections, could have an adverse effect on the Registrant’s cost of borrowing, could
diminish its ability to service or maintain existing financing and could make it more difficult for
the Registrant to obtain additional financing or to refinance existing long-term obligations.

Any significant deterioration in the stock market could negatively affect the valuation of
pension plan assets and result in increased minimum funding requirements.

(vi) Risk: that the Registrant will be unable to continue to offer merchandise designed by
Elsa Peretti.

Merchandise designed by Ms. Peretti accounted for 10% of 2010 net sales. Tiffany has an
exclusive long-standing license arrangement with Ms. Peretti to sell her designs and use her
trademarks; this arrangement is subject to royalty payments as well as other requirements. This

TIFFANY & CO.

K - 16

Table of Contents

license may be terminated by Tiffany or Ms. Peretti on six months notice, even in the case where no
default has occurred. Also, no agreement has been made for the continued sale of the designs or use
of the trademarks ELSA PERETTI following the death or disability of Ms. Peretti, who is now
70 years of age. Loss of this license would have a material adverse affect on the Registrant’s
business through lost sales and profits.

(vii) Risk: that changes in costs of diamonds and precious metals or reduced supply availability
might adversely affect the Registrant’s ability to produce and sell products at desired profit
margins.

Most of the Registrant’s jewelry and non-jewelry offerings are made with diamonds, gemstones
and/or precious metals. Presently, the Company purchases a significant portion of the world’s rough
and polished white diamonds in color grades D through I and in sizes above .18 carats. Acquiring
diamonds for the engagement jewelry business has, at times, been difficult because of supply
limitations; at such times, Tiffany may not be able to maintain a comprehensive selection of
diamonds in each retail location due to the broad assortment of sizes, colors, clarity grades and
cuts demanded by customers. A significant change in the costs or supply of these commodities could
adversely affect the Registrant’s business, which is vulnerable to the risks inherent in the trade
for such commodities. A substantial increase or decrease in the cost or supply of raw materials
and/or high-quality rough and polished diamonds within the quality grades, colors and sizes that
customers demand could affect, negatively or positively, customer demand, sales and gross profit
margins.

If trade relationships between the Registrant and one or more of its significant vendors were
disrupted, the Registrant’s sales could be adversely affected in the short-term until alternative
supply arrangements could be established.

(viii) Risk: that the Registrant will be unable to lease sufficient space for its retail stores in
prime locations.

The Registrant, positioned as a luxury goods retailer, has established its retail presence in
choice store locations. If the Registrant cannot secure and retain locations on suitable terms in
prime and desired luxury shopping locations, its expansion plans, sales and profits will be
jeopardized.

In Japan, many of the retail locations are within department stores. TIFFANY & CO. boutiques
located in department stores in Japan represented 79% of net sales in Japan and 14% of consolidated
net sales in 2010. In recent years, the Japanese department store industry has, in general,
suffered declining sales and there is a risk that such financial difficulties will force further
consolidations or store closings. Should one or more Japanese department store operators elect or
be required to close one or more stores now housing a TIFFANY & CO. boutique, the Registrant’s
sales and profits would be reduced while alternative premises were being obtained. The Registrant’s
commercial relationships with department stores in Japan, and their abilities to continue as
leading department store operators, have been and will continue to be substantial factors affecting
the Registrant’s business in Japan.

(ix) Risk: that the value of the TIFFANY & CO. trademark will decline due to the sale of
counterfeit merchandise by infringers.

The TIFFANY & CO. trademark is an asset which is essential to the competitiveness and success
of the Registrant’s business and the Registrant takes appropriate action to protect it. Tiffany
actively pursues those who produce or sell counterfeit TIFFANY & CO. goods through civil

TIFFANY & CO.

K - 17

Table of Contents

action and cooperation with criminal law enforcement agencies. However, the Registrant’s enforcement actions
have not stopped the imitation and counterfeit of the Registrant’s merchandise or the infringement
of the trademark, and counterfeit TIFFANY & CO. goods remain available in many markets. In recent
years, there has been an increase in the availability of counterfeit goods, predominantly silver
jewelry, in various markets by street vendors and small retailers, as well as on the Internet. The
continued sale of counterfeit merchandise could have an adverse effect on the TIFFANY & CO. brand
by undermining Tiffany’s reputation for quality goods and making such goods appear less desirable
to consumers of luxury goods. Damage to the Brand would result in lost sales and profits.

(x) Risk: that the Registrant’s business is dependent upon the distinctive appeal of the TIFFANY &
CO. brand.

The TIFFANY & CO. brand’s association with quality, luxury and exclusivity is integral to the
success of the Registrant’s business. The Registrant’s expansion plans for retail and direct
selling operations and merchandise development, production and management support the Brand’s
appeal. Consequently, poor maintenance, promotion and positioning of the TIFFANY & CO. brand, as
well as market over-saturation, may adversely affect the business by diminishing the distinctive
appeal of the TIFFANY & CO. brand and tarnishing its image. This would result in lower sales and
profits.

(xi) Risk: that the earthquake-related events that have occurred in Japan in March of 2011 will
have a significant effect on the Registrant’s sales and profits in the fiscal year ending January
31, 2012 and beyond.

In 2010, Japan represented 18% of the Registrant’s consolidated worldwide net sales and 27% of
the Registrant’s earnings from continuing operations. The effect of earthquake-related events,
including effects on the availability of electric power, public transportation, personal income tax
rates, currency conversion rates and consumer confidence, could have an adverse effect
on the Registrant’s sales and profits for some period of time.