. 

As is the case for any
retailer, the Registrant’s success in achieving its objectives and expectations is dependent upon general economic conditions, competitive conditions and consumer attitudes. However, certain factors are specific to the Registrant and/or the
markets in which it operates. The following “risk factors” are specific to the Registrant; these risk factors affect the likelihood that the Registrant will achieve the financial objectives and expectations communicated by management:

(i) Challenging global economic conditions and related low levels of consumer confidence over a prolonged period of time could adversely
affect the Registrant’s sales. 

As a retailer of goods which are discretionary purchases, the Registrant’s sales results are
particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions and consumer confidence. Consumer confidence is affected by general business conditions; changes in the market value of securities and real estate; inflation; interest rates and the
availability of consumer credit; tax rates; and expectations of future economic conditions and employment prospects. 

Consumer spending for
discretionary goods generally declines during times of falling consumer confidence, which negatively affects the Registrant’s earnings because of its cost base and inventory investment. 

TIFFANY &
CO. 

K - 14 

Many of the Registrant’s competitors may react to any declines in consumer confidence by reducing
retail prices and promoting such reductions; such reductions and/or inventory liquidations can have a short-term adverse effect on the Registrant’s sales, especially given the Registrant’s policy of not engaging in price promotional
activity. 

The Registrant has invested in and operates a significant number of stores in the greater China region and anticipates significant
further expansion. Should the Chinese economy continue to experience an economic slowdown, the sales and profitability of stores in the greater China region as well as stores in other markets that serve Chinese tourists could be further affected.

Uncertainty surrounding the current global economic environment makes it more difficult for the Registrant to forecast operating results. The
Registrant’s forecasts employ the use of estimates and assumptions. Actual results could differ from forecasts, and those differences could be material. 

(ii) Sales may decline or remain flat in the Registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter, which includes the Holiday selling season. 

The Registrant’s business is seasonal in nature, with the fourth quarter typically representing at least one-third of annual net sales and a higher percentage of annual net earnings. Poor sales
results during the Registrant’s fourth quarter would have a material adverse effect on the Registrant’s sales and profits and would result in higher inventories. 

(iii) The Registrant conducts significant operations outside the United States, and the risks of doing business internationally could increase its costs, reduce its profits or disrupt its business.

The Registrant generates a majority of its worldwide net sales outside the United States. In addition, it has foreign manufacturing
operations, maintains investments in, and provides loans to, foreign business and relies to an extent on foreign third party vendors and suppliers. As a result, the Registrant is subject to the risks of doing business outside the United States,
including: 

•

the laws, regulations and policies of foreign governments relating to investments, loans and operations, the costs or desirability of complying with local practices and
customs and the impact of various anti-corruption and other laws affecting the activities of U.S. companies abroad; 

•

potential negative consequences from changes in taxation policies or currency restructurings; 

•

import and export licensing requirements and regulations, as well as unforeseen changes in regulatory requirements; 

•

economic instability in foreign countries; 

•

the difficulty of managing an organization doing business in many jurisdictions; 

•

uncertainties as to enforcement of certain contract and other rights; 

•

the potential for rapid and unexpected changes in government, economic and political policies, political or civil unrest, acts of terrorism or the threat of
international boycotts or U.S. anti-boycott legislation; and 

•

inventory risk exposures related to providing raw materials to foreign vendors. 

While these factors and the effect of these factors are difficult to predict, any one or more of them could lower the Registrant’s revenues, increase its costs, reduce its profits or disrupt its
business. 

TIFFANY &
CO. 

K - 15 

(iv) Regional instability and conflict could disrupt tourist travel and local consumer spending.

Unsettled regional and global conflicts or crises such as military actions, terrorist activities, natural disasters, government
regulations or other conditions creating disruptions or disincentives to, or changes in the pattern, practice or frequency of tourist travel to the various regions and local consumer spending where the Registrant operates retail stores could
adversely affect the Registrant’s sales and profits. 

(v) Weakening foreign currencies may negatively affect the Registrant’s
sales and profitability. 

The Registrant operates retail stores in various countries outside of the U.S. and, as a result, is exposed to
market risk from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. In 2012, sales in countries outside of the U.S. in aggregate represented more than half of the Registrant’s net sales and earnings from operations, of which Japan represented 17%
of the Registrant’s net sales and 29% of the Registrant’s earnings from operations. In order to maintain its worldwide relative pricing structure, a substantial weakening of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar would require the
Registrant to raise its retail prices or reduce its profit margins in various locations outside of the U.S. Consumers in those markets may not accept significant price increases on the Registrant’s goods; thus, there is a risk that a
substantial weakening of foreign currencies would result in reduced sales and profitability. 

The results of the operations of the
Registrant’s international subsidiaries are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as the financial results of the applicable subsidiaries are translated from the local currency into U.S. dollars during the process of financial
statement consolidation. If the U.S. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies, the translation of these foreign currency denominated transactions would decrease consolidated net sales and profitability. 

In addition, a weakening in foreign currency exchange rates may create disincentives to, or changes in the pattern, practice or frequency of tourist
travel to the various regions where the Registrant operates retail stores which could adversely affect the Registrant’s net sales and profitability. 

(vi) Volatile global economic conditions may have a material adverse effect on the Registrant’s liquidity and capital resources. 

The global economy and the credit and equity markets have undergone significant disruption in recent years. Any prolonged economic weakness could have an adverse effect on the Registrant’s cost of
borrowing, could diminish its ability to service or maintain existing financing and could make it more difficult for the Registrant to obtain additional financing or to refinance existing long-term obligations. In addition, any significant
deterioration in the stock market could negatively affect the valuation of pension plan assets and result in increased minimum funding requirements. 

(vii) Changes in the Registrant’s product or geographic sales mix could affect the Registrant’s profitability. 

The Registrant sells an extensive selection of jewelry and other merchandise at a wide range of retail price points that yield different gross profit margins. Additionally, the Registrant’s
geographical regions achieve different operating profit margins due to a variety of factors including product mix, store size and occupancy costs, labor costs, retail pricing and fixed versus variable expenses. If the Registrant’s sales were to
shift toward products or geographic regions that are significantly different than the Registrant’s plans, it could have an effect, either positively or negatively, on the Registrant’s expected profitability. 

TIFFANY &
CO. 

K - 16 

(viii) Changes in costs of diamonds and precious metals or reduced supply availability may adversely
affect the Registrant’s ability to produce and sell products at desired profit margins. 

Most of the Registrant’s jewelry and
non-jewelry offerings are made with diamonds, gemstones and/or precious metals. Acquiring diamonds is difficult because of limited supply and Tiffany may not be able to maintain a comprehensive selection of diamonds in each retail location due to
the broad assortment of sizes, colors, clarity grades and cuts demanded by customers. A significant change in the costs or supply of these commodities could adversely affect the Registrant’s business, which is vulnerable to the risks inherent
in the trade for such commodities. A substantial increase or decrease in the cost or supply of raw materials and/or high-quality rough and polished diamonds within the quality grades, colors and sizes that customers demand could affect, negatively
or positively, customer demand, sales and gross profit margins. 

If trade relationships between the Registrant and one or more of its
significant vendors were disrupted, the Registrant’s sales could be adversely affected in the short-term until alternative supply arrangements could be established. 

(ix) The Registrant may be unable to lease sufficient space for its retail stores in prime locations. 

The Registrant, positioned as a luxury goods retailer, has established its retail presence in choice store locations. If the Registrant cannot secure and retain locations on suitable terms in prime and
desired luxury shopping locations, its expansion plans, sales and profits will be jeopardized. In Japan, many of the retail locations are within department stores. TIFFANY & CO. stores located in department stores in Japan represented 82%
of net sales in Japan and 13% of worldwide net sales in 2012. In recent years, the Japanese department store industry has, in general, suffered declining sales and there is a risk that such financial difficulties will force further consolidations or
store closings. Should one or more Japanese department store operators elect or be required to close one or more stores now housing a TIFFANY & CO. store, the Registrant’s sales and profits would be reduced while alternative premises
were being obtained. The Registrant’s commercial relationships with department stores in Japan, and their abilities to continue as leading department store operators, have been and will continue to be substantial factors affecting the
Registrant’s business in Japan. 

(x) The value of the TIFFANY & CO. trademark could decline due to the sale of counterfeit
merchandise by infringers. 

The TIFFANY & CO. trademark is an asset which is essential to the competitiveness and success of the
Registrant’s business and the Registrant takes appropriate action to protect it. Tiffany actively pursues those who produce or sell counterfeit TIFFANY & CO. goods through civil action and cooperation with criminal law enforcement
agencies. However, the Registrant’s enforcement actions have not stopped the imitation and counterfeit of the Registrant’s merchandise or the infringement of the trademark, and counterfeit TIFFANY & CO. goods remain available in
many markets. In recent years, there has been an increase in the availability of counterfeit goods, predominantly silver jewelry, in various markets by street vendors and small retailers, as well as on the Internet. The continued sale of counterfeit
merchandise could have an adverse effect on the TIFFANY & CO. brand by undermining Tiffany’s reputation for quality goods and making such goods appear less desirable to consumers of luxury goods. Damage to the Brand would result in
lost sales and profits. 

TIFFANY &
CO. 

K - 17 

(xi) The Registrant’s business is dependent upon the distinctive appeal of the TIFFANY &
CO. brand. 

The TIFFANY & CO. brand’s association with quality, luxury and exclusivity is integral to the success of the
Registrant’s business. The Registrant’s expansion plans for retail and direct selling operations and merchandise development, production and management support the Brand’s appeal. Consequently, poor maintenance, promotion and
positioning of the TIFFANY & CO. brand, as well as market over-saturation, may adversely affect the business by diminishing the distinctive appeal of the TIFFANY & CO. brand and tarnishing its image. This would result in lower
sales and profits. 

In addition, adverse publicity regarding TIFFANY & CO. products or in respect of Tiffany’s third party
vendors or the diamond or jewelry industry, and any media coverage resulting there from, may harm the TIFFANY & CO. brand and reputation, cause a loss of consumer confidence in the TIFFANY & CO. brand and the industry, and
negatively effect the Registrant’s results of operations. The considerable expansion in the use of social media over recent years has compounded the potential scope of the negative publicity that could be generated by such incidents.

(xii) If diamond mining and exploration companies, to which the Registrant or its subsidiaries have provided financing, were to experience
financial difficulties, those funds might not be recovered, which would reduce the Registrant’s profits and could result in the Registrant losing access to the mine’s output. 

The Registrant and its subsidiaries may, from time to time, provide financing to diamond mining and exploration companies in order to obtain rights to purchase mining output. As of January 31, 2013,
the carrying amount of receivables was $66,963,000 under these arrangements. Mining operations are inherently risky, and there is no assurance that the diamond mining and exploration companies under these arrangements will be able to meet their
obligations to the Registrant. If a diamond mining or exploration company defaults under these financings, the Registrant would be required to take a period charge in respect of all or a portion of the financing, which would affect the
Registrant’s profits. Additionally, the Registrant could lose access to the mine’s output under the related supply agreements. The Registrant has experienced such situations in the past. 

(xiii) A significant privacy breach of the Registrant’s information systems could affect its business. 

The protection of customer, employee and company data is important to the Registrant. The Registrant’s customers expect that their personal
information will be adequately protected. In addition, the regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is becoming increasingly demanding, with evolving requirements in the various jurisdictions in which the Registrant’s
subsidiaries do business. A significant breach of customer, employee or company data could damage the Registrant’s reputation, brand and relationship with customers and could result in lost sales, fines and lawsuits. 

(xiv) The loss, or a prolonged disruption in the operation, of the Registrant’s centralized distribution centers could adversely affect its
business and operations. 

The Registrant maintains two separate distribution centers in close proximity to one another in New Jersey. Both
are dedicated to warehousing merchandise, store replenishment and processing direct-to-customer orders. Although the Registrant believes that it has appropriate contingency plans, unforeseen disruptions impacting one or both locations for a
prolonged period of time may result in delays in the delivery of merchandise to stores or in fulfilling customer orders. 

TIFFANY &
CO. 

K - 18