.

 As is the case for any retailer, the Registrant’s success
 in achieving its objectives and expectations is dependent upon
 general economic conditions, competitive conditions and consumer
 attitudes. However, certain factors are specific to the
 Registrant
 and/or the
 markets in which it operates. The following “risk
 factors” are specific to the Registrant; these risk factors
 affect the likelihood that the Registrant will achieve the
 financial objectives and expectations communicated by management:

 (i) Risk: that challenging global economic conditions and
 related low levels of consumer confidence continue or worsen
 over a prolonged period of time and adversely affect the
 Registrant’s sales.

 As a retailer of goods which are discretionary purchases, the
 Registrant’s sales results are particularly sensitive to
 changes in economic conditions and consumer confidence. Consumer
 confidence is affected by general business conditions; changes
 in the market value of securities and real estate; inflation;
 interest rates and the availability of consumer credit; tax
 rates; and expectations of future economic conditions and
 employment prospects.

 Consumer spending for discretionary goods generally declines
 during times of falling consumer confidence, which negatively
 affects the Registrant’s earnings because of its cost base
 and inventory investment.

 Many of the Registrant’s competitors may continue to react
 to falling consumer confidence by reducing their retail prices;
 such reductions
 and/or
 inventory liquidations can have a short-term adverse effect on
 the Company’s sales.

 In addition, some observers believe that the short-term
 attractiveness of “luxury” goods may have waned in
 certain markets, thus reducing demand. This could adversely
 affect the Registrant’s sales and margins.

 Uncertainty surrounding the current global economic environment
 makes it more difficult for the Registrant to forecast operating
 results. The Registrant’s forecasts employ the use of
 estimates and assumptions. Actual results could differ from
 forecasts, and those differences could be material.

 (ii) Risk: that sales will decline or remain flat in the
 Registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter, which includes the
 holiday selling season.

 The Registrant’s business is seasonal in nature, with the
 fourth quarter typically representing at least one-third of
 annual net sales and approximately one-half of annual net
 earnings. Poor sales results during the Registrant’s fourth
 quarter will have a material adverse effect on the
 Registrant’s sales and profits.

 (iii) Risk: that regional instability and conflict will
 disrupt tourist travel.

 Unsettled regional and global conflicts or crises which result
 in military, terrorist or other conditions creating disruptions
 or disincentives to, or changes in the pattern, practice or
 frequency of tourist travel to the various regions where the
 Registrant operates retail stores could adversely affect the
 Registrant’s sales and profits.

 (iv) Risk: that foreign currencies will weaken against the
 U.S. dollar and require the Registrant to raise prices or
 shrink profit margins in locations outside of the U.S.

 TIFFANY & CO.

 K - 16

 The Registrant operates retail stores and boutiques in various
 countries outside of the U.S. and, as a result, is exposed to market
 risk from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The
 Registrant’s sales in those countries represented
 46% of its net sales, of which Japan represented 19% of net
 sales, in Fiscal 2008. A substantial weakening of foreign
 currencies against the U.S. dollar would require the
 Registrant to raise its retail prices or reduce its profit
 margins in various locations outside of the U.S.
 Consumers in those markets may not accept significant price increases on the
 Registrant’s goods; thus there is a risk that a substantial
 weakening of foreign currencies will result in reduced sales or
 profit margins.

 (v) Risk: that the Registrant will be unable to continue to
 offer merchandise designed by Elsa Peretti or Paloma Picasso.

 The Registrant’s long-standing right to sell the jewelry
 designs of Elsa Peretti and Paloma Picasso and use their
 trademarks is responsible for a substantial portion of the
 Registrant’s
 revenues. Merchandise designed by Ms. Peretti and by
 Ms. Picasso accounted for 11% and 3% of Fiscal
 2008 net sales. Tiffany has exclusive license arrangements
 with Ms. Peretti and Ms. Picasso; these arrangements
 are subject to royalty payments as well as other requirements.
 Each license may be terminated by Tiffany or the designer on six
 months notice, even in the case where no default has occurred.
 Also, no agreements have been made for the continued sale of the
 designs or use of the trademarks ELSA PERETTI or PALOMA PICASSO
 following the death of either designer. Loss of either license
 would materially adversely affect the Registrant’s business
 through lost sales and profits.

 (vi) Risk: that changes in prices of diamonds and precious
 metals or reduced supply availability might adversely affect the
 Registrant’s ability to produce and sell products at
 desired profit margins.

 Most of the Registrant’s jewelry and non-jewelry offerings
 are made with diamonds, gemstones
 and/or
 precious metals. A significant change in the prices of these
 commodities could adversely affect the Registrant’s
 business, which is vulnerable to the risks inherent in the trade
 for such commodities. A substantial increase in the price of raw
 materials

and/or
 high-quality rough and polished diamonds within the quality
 grades, colors and sizes that customers demand could lead to
 decreased customer demand and lost sales

and/or
 reduced gross profit margins. Conversely, a decrease in the
 prices of raw materials could have a disruptive effect,
 negatively or positively, on sales demand and short-term margins.

 Acquiring diamonds for the engagement business has, at times,
 been difficult because of supply limitations; Tiffany may not be
 able to maintain a comprehensive selection of diamonds in each
 retail location due to the broad assortment of sizes, colors,
 clarity grades and cuts demanded by customers. A substantial
 increase or decrease in the supply of raw materials
 and/or
 high-quality rough and polished diamonds within the quality
 grades, colors and sizes that customers demand could lead to
 decreased customer demand and lost sales

and/or
 reduced gross profit margins.

 If trade relationships between the Registrant and one or more of
 its significant vendors were disrupted, the Registrant’s
 sales could be adversely affected in the short-term until
 alternative supply arrangements could be established.

 (vii) Risk: that the value of the TIFFANY & CO.
 trademark will decline due to the sale of counterfeit
 merchandise by infringers.

 The TIFFANY & CO. trademark is an asset which is
 essential to the competitiveness and success of the
 Registrant’s business and the Registrant takes appropriate
 action to protect it.

 TIFFANY & CO.

 K - 17

Tiffany actively pursues those who produce
 or sell counterfeit TIFFANY & CO. goods through civil
 action and cooperation with criminal law enforcement agencies.
 However, the Registrant’s enforcement actions have not
 stopped the imitation and counterfeit of the Registrant’s
 merchandise or the infringement of the trademark, and
 counterfeit TIFFANY & CO. goods remain available in
 many markets. In recent years, there has been an increase in the
 availability of counterfeit goods, predominantly silver jewelry,
 in various markets by street vendors and small retailers, as
 well as on the Internet. The continued sale of counterfeit
 merchandise could have an adverse effect on the
 TIFFANY & CO. brand by undermining Tiffany’s
 reputation for quality goods and making such goods appear less
 desirable to consumers of luxury goods. Damage to the brand
 would result in lost sales and profits.

 (viii) Risk: that the Registrant will be unable to lease
 sufficient space for its retail stores in prime locations.

 The Registrant, positioned as a luxury goods retailer, has
 established its retail presence in choice store locations. If
 the Registrant cannot secure and retain locations on suitable
 terms in prime and desirable luxury shopping locations, its
 expansion plans, sales and profits will be jeopardized.

 In Japan, many of the retail locations are located in department
 stores. TIFFANY & CO. boutiques located in department
 stores in Japan represented 79% of net sales in Japan and 15% of
 consolidated net sales in Fiscal 2008. In recent years, the
 Japanese department store industry has, in general, suffered
 declining sales and there is a risk that such financial
 difficulties will force further consolidations or store
 closings. Should one or more Japanese department store operators
 elect or be required to close one or more stores now housing a
 TIFFANY & CO. boutique, the Registrant’s
 sales and profits would be reduced while alternate premises were
 being obtained. The Registrant’s commercial relationships
 with department stores in Japan, and their abilities to continue
 as leading department store operators, have been and will
 continue to be substantial factors in the Registrant’s
 continued success in Japan.

 (ix) Risk: that the Registrant’s business is dependent
 upon the distinctive appeal of the TIFFANY & CO. brand.

 The TIFFANY & CO. brand’s association with
 quality, luxury and exclusivity is integral to the success of
 the Registrant’s business. The Registrant’s expansion
 plans for retail and direct selling operations and merchandise
 development, production and management support the brand’s
 appeal. Consequently, poor maintenance, promotion and
 positioning of the TIFFANY & CO. brand, as well as
 market over-saturation, may adversely affect the business by
 diminishing the distinctive appeal of the TIFFANY &
 CO. brand and tarnishing its image. This would result in lower
 sales and profits.

 (x) Risk: that the current volatile global economy may have
 a material adverse effect on the Registrant’s liquidity and
 capital resources.

 U.S. and global credit and equity markets have recently
 undergone significant disruption, making it difficult for many
 businesses, including the Registrant, to obtain financing on
 acceptable terms. A prolonged downturn in the economy, extending
 further than those included in management’s projections,
 could have an effect on the Registrant’s cost of borrowing,
 could diminish its ability to service or maintain existing
 financing, and could make it more difficult for the Registrant
 to obtain additional financing or to refinance existing
 long-term obligations. In addition, increased disruption in the
 markets could lead to the failure of financial institutions. If
 any of the banks participating in the Registrant’s
 revolving credit facility were to declare bankruptcy, the
 Registrant would no longer have access to those committed funds.

 TIFFANY & CO.

 K - 18

 Further deterioration in the stock market could continue to
 negatively impact the valuation of pension plan assets and
 result in increased minimum funding requirements.