The statements in this section describe the major risks to our
 business and should be considered carefully, in connection with
 all of the other information set forth in this annual report on
 Form 10-K.
 The risks that follow, individually or in the aggregate, are
 those that we think could cause our actual results to differ
 materially from those stated or implied in forward-looking
 statements.

 Global economic
 conditions may adversely affect our financial
 performance.

 During the recent economic recession, global financial markets
 experienced extreme volatility, disruption and credit
 contraction. The volatility and disruption to the capital
 markets significantly adversely affected global economic
 conditions, resulting in additional significant recessionary
 pressures and declines in employment levels, disposable income
 and actual and perceived wealth. Although there have been some
 recent improvements, continuing or worsened adverse economic
 conditions, including higher unemployment, energy and health
 care costs, interest rates and taxes and tighter credit, could
 continue to affect consumer confidence and discretionary
 consumer spending adversely and may adversely affect our sales,
 cash flows and results of operations. Additionally, renewed
 financial turmoil in the financial and credit markets could
 adversely affect our costs of capital and the sources of
 liquidity available to us and could increase our pension funding
 requirements.

 Fluctuations in
 foreign currency exchange rates may lead to lower revenues and
 earnings.

 In addition to our U.S. businesses, we operate stores in
 Canada and Europe and plan to continue to expand our
 international operations. Sales made by our stores outside the
 United States are denominated in the currency of the country in
 which the store is located, and changes in foreign exchange
 rates affect the translation of the sales and earnings of these
 businesses into U.S. dollars for financial reporting
 purposes. Because of this, movements in exchange rates have had
 and are expected to continue to have a significant impact on our
 net sales and earnings.

 Additionally, we routinely enter into inventory-related hedging
 instruments to mitigate the impact of foreign currency exchange
 rates on merchandise margins of merchandise purchased by our
 international segments that is denominated in currencies other
 than their local currencies. In accordance with U.S. GAAP,
 we evaluate the fair value of these hedging instruments and make
 mark-to-market
 adjustments at the end of an accounting period. These
 adjustments are of a much greater magnitude when there is
 significant volatility in currency exchange rates and may have a
 significant impact on our earnings.

 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates can also increase the
 cost of inventory purchases by our businesses that are
 denominated in a currency other than the local currency of the
 business. When these changes occur suddenly, it can be difficult
 for us to adjust retail prices accordingly, and gross margin can
 be adversely affected. A significant amount of merchandise we
 offer for sale is made in China and accordingly, a revaluation
 of the Chinese currency, or increased market flexibility in the
 exchange rate for that currency, increasing its value relative
 to the U.S. dollar or currencies in which our stores are
 located could be particularly significant.

 Although we implement foreign currency hedging and risk
 management strategies to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in
 earnings and cash flows associated with changes in foreign
 exchange rates, we expect that foreign currency fluctuations
 could have a material adverse effect on our net sales and
 results of operations. In addition, fluctuations in foreign
 currency exchange rates may have a greater impact on our
 earnings and operating results if a counterparty to one of our
 hedging arrangements fails to perform.

 Failure to
 execute our opportunistic buying and inventory management could
 adversely affect our business.

 We purchase the majority of our apparel inventory and much of
 our home inventory opportunistically with our buyers purchasing
 close to need. To drive traffic to the stores and to increase
 same store sales, the treasure hunt nature of the off-price
 buying experience is enhanced by rapid inventory turns and
 continued replenishment of fresh, high quality, attractively
 priced merchandise in our stores. While opportunistic buying
 provides our buyers the ability to buy at desirable times and
 prices, in the quantities we need and into market trends, it
 places considerable discretion in our buyers, subjecting us to
 risks on the appropriate pricing, quantity, nature and timing of
 inventory flowing to our stores. In addition, we base our
 purchases of inventory, in part, on sales forecasts. If our
 sales forecasts do not match customer demand, we may experience
 higher inventory levels and need to take markdowns on excess or
 slow-moving inventory, leading to decreased profit margins, or
 we

 9

 may have insufficient inventory to meet customer demand leading
 to lost sales, either of which could adversely affect our
 financial performance. Our pricing model requires that we
 purchase inventory sufficiently below conventional retail to
 maintain our pricing differential and margin, which we may not
 achieve at times. We must also properly execute our inventory
 management strategies through appropriately allocating
 merchandise among our stores, timely and efficiently
 distributing inventory to stores, maintaining an appropriate mix
 and level of inventory in stores, appropriately changing the
 allocation of floor space of stores among product categories to
 respond to customer demand and effectively managing pricing and
 markdowns. Our vendors and others in our supply chain are also
 subject to risks of labor issues, financial liquidity, weather
 and other natural disasters, economic, political and regulatory
 conditions and other matters that could affect our ability to
 receive and provide to our stores acceptable merchandise in
 adequate quantities on a timely basis. Failure to execute our
 opportunistic inventory buying and inventory management well
 could adversely affect our performance and our relationship with
 our customers.

 Failure to
 continue to expand our operations successfully could adversely
 affect our financial results.

 Our revenue growth is dependent, among other things, upon our
 ability to continue to expand successfully through successful
 new store openings as well as our ability to increase same store
 sales. Successful store growth requires acquisition and
 development of appropriate real estate including selection of
 store locations in appropriate geographies, availability of
 attractive stores or store sites in such locations and
 negotiation of acceptable terms. Competition for desirable
 sites, increases in real estate, construction and development
 costs and availability and costs of capital could limit our
 ability to open new stores in desirable locations in the future
 or adversely affect the economics of new stores. We may
 encounter difficulties in attracting customers in new markets
 for various reasons including decisions to open new banners,
 expansion into new geographies, customers’ lack of
 familiarity with our brands or our lack of familiarity with
 local customer preferences and cultural differences. New stores
 may not achieve the same sales or profit levels as our existing
 stores, and new and existing stores in a market area may
 adversely affect each other’s sales and profitability.
 Further, expansion places significant demands on the
 administrative, merchandising, store operations, distribution
 and other organizations in our businesses to manage rapid
 growth, and we may not do so successfully. As a result, we may
 need to reduce our rate of expansion or we may operate with
 decreased operational efficiency, and it may adversely affect
 our results.

 Failure to
 successfully identify customer trends and preferences to meet
 customer demand could negatively impact our
 performance.

 Because our success depends on our ability to meet customer
 demand, we take various steps to keep up with customer trends
 and preferences including contacts with vendors, monitoring
 product category and fashion trends and comparison shopping. Our
 flexible business model allows us to buy close to need and in
 response to consumer preferences and trends and to expand and
 contract merchandise categories in response to consumers’
 changing tastes. However, identifying consumer trends and
 preferences in the various geographies in which we do business
 and successfully meeting customer demand is challenging, and we
 may not successfully do so, which could adversely affect our
 results.

 Our quarterly
 operating results can be subject to significant fluctuations and
 may fall short of either a prior quarter or investors’
 expectations.

 Our operating results have fluctuated from quarter to quarter at
 points in the past, and they may continue to do so in the
 future. Our earnings may not continue to grow at rates we plan
 and may fall short of either a prior quarter or investors’
 expectations. If we fail to meet the expectations of securities
 analysts or investors, our share price may decline. Factors that
 could cause us not to meet our securities analysts’ or
 investors’ earnings expectations include some factors that
 are within our control, such as the execution of our off-price
 buying; selection, pricing and mix of merchandise; and inventory
 management including flow, markon and markdowns; and some
 factors that are not within our control, including actions of
 competitors, weather conditions, economic conditions, consumer
 confidence, seasonality, and cost increases due, among other
 things, to government regulation and increased healthcare costs.
 In addition, if we do not repurchase the number of shares we
 contemplate pursuant to our stock repurchase program, our
 earnings per share may be adversely affected. Most of our
 operating expenses, such as rent expense and associate salaries,
 do not vary directly with the amount of sales and are difficult
 to adjust in the short term. As a result, if sales in a
 particular quarter are below expectations for that quarter, we
 may not proportionately reduce operating expenses for that
 quarter, and therefore such a sales shortfall would have a
 disproportionate effect on our net income for the quarter. We
 maintain a forecasting process that seeks to project sales and
 align expenses. If we do not correctly forecast sales and
 control costs or appropriately adjust costs to actual results,
 our financial performance could be adversely affected.

 10

 Our future
 performance is dependent upon our ability to continue to expand
 within our existing markets and to extend our off-price model in
 new product lines, chains and geographic regions.

 Our strategy is to continue to expand within existing markets,
 to expand to new markets and geographies and to attract new
 customers in existing and new markets across demographics. This
 growth strategy includes developing new ways to sell more or
 different categories of merchandise within our existing stores,
 continued expansion of our existing chains in our existing
 markets and countries, expansion of these chains to new markets
 and countries, development and opening of new chains or
 potential expansion of
 e-commerce,
 all of which entail significant risk. Our growth is dependent
 upon our ability to successfully extend our business in these
 ways. If any of our expansion vehicles does not achieve the
 success we expect in whole or in part, we may be required to
 increase our investment or close stores or operations.
 Unsuccessful extension of our model could adversely affect
 growth and financial performance.

 If we fail to
 successfully implement our marketing, advertising and
 promotional programs, or if our competitors are more effective
 with their programs than we are, our revenue may be adversely
 affected.

 We use marketing, advertising and promotional programs to
 attract customers to our stores. We use various media for these
 programs, including print, television, social media, database
 marketing and direct marketing. Some of our competitors may have
 substantially larger expenditures for their programs, which may
 provide them with a competitive advantage. There can be no
 assurance that we will be able to continue to execute our
 marketing, advertising and promotional programs effectively, and
 any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our
 revenue and results of operations. Information posted about us
 and our merchandise on social media platforms and similar
 venues, including blogs, social media websites, and other forums
 for Internet-based communications that allow individuals access
 to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons,
 may be inaccurate or may harm our brand, which could have a
 material effect on our revenue and results of operations.

 Compromises of
 our data security could materially harm our reputation and
 business.

 In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store
 certain personal information from individuals, such as our
 customers and associates, and we process customer payment card
 and check information. We suffered an unauthorized intrusion or
 intrusions (such intrusion or intrusions, collectively, the
 “Computer Intrusion”) into portions of our computer
 system that process and store information related to customer
 transactions, discovered late in fiscal 2007 in which we believe
 customer data were stolen. We have taken steps designed to
 further strengthen the security of our computer system and
 protocols and have instituted an ongoing program with respect to
 data security, consistent with a consent order with the Federal
 Trade Commission. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that
 we will not suffer a future data compromise. We rely on
 commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring
 to provide security for processing, transmission and storage of
 confidential information. Further, the systems currently used
 for transmission and approval of payment card transactions, and
 the technology utilized in payment cards themselves, all of
 which can put payment card data at risk, are determined and
 controlled by the payment card industry, not by us. This is also
 true for check information and approval. Computer hackers may
 attempt to penetrate our computer system and, if successful,
 misappropriate personal information, payment card or check
 information or confidential Company business information. In
 addition, a Company associate, contractor or other third party
 with whom we do business may attempt to circumvent our security
 measures in order to obtain such information, and may
 purposefully or inadvertently cause a breach involving such
 information. Advances in computer and software capabilities and
 encryption technology, new tools and other developments may
 increase the risk of such a breach. Any such compromise of our
 data security and loss of personal or business information could
 disrupt our operations, damage our reputation and
 customers’ willingness to shop in our stores, violate
 applicable laws, regulations, orders and agreements, and subject
 us to additional costs and liabilities which could be material.

 Our business is
 subject to seasonal influences; a decrease in sales or margins
 during the second half of the year could disproportionately
 adversely affect our operating results.

 Our business is subject to seasonal influences; we generally
 realize higher levels of sales and income in the second half of
 the year, which includes the
 back-to-school
 and year-end holiday seasons. Any decrease in sales or margins
 during this period could have a disproportionately adverse
 effect on our results of operations.

 We may experience
 risks associated with our substantial size and scale.

 We operate multiple retail chains in the U.S., Canada and
 Europe. Some aspects of the businesses and operations of the
 chains are conducted with relative autonomy. The large size of
 our operations, our multiple businesses and the autonomy

 11

 afforded to the chains increase the risk that systems and
 practices will not be implemented uniformly throughout our
 company and that information will not be appropriately shared
 across different chains and countries.

 Unseasonable
 weather in the markets in which our stores operate or our
 distribution centers are located could adversely affect our
 operating results.

 Adverse and unseasonable weather affects customers’
 willingness to shop and their demand for the merchandise in our
 stores. Severe weather could also affect our ability to
 transport merchandise to our stores from our distribution and
 shipping centers. As a result, frequent, unusually heavy,
 unseasonable or untimely weather in our markets, such as snow,
 ice or rain storms, severe cold or heat or extended periods of
 unseasonable temperatures, could adversely affect our sales and
 increase markdowns. Increased governmental regulations focused
 on climate change could increase compliance costs.

 Our results may
 be adversely affected by serious disruptions or catastrophic
 events.

 Unforeseen public health issues, such as pandemics and
 epidemics, as well as natural disasters such as hurricanes,
 tornadoes, floods, earthquakes and other adverse weather and
 climate conditions, whether occurring in the United States or
 abroad, could disrupt our operations or the operations of one or
 more of our vendors or could severely damage or destroy one or
 more of our stores or distribution facilities located in the
 affected areas. Day to day operations, particularly our ability
 to receive products from our vendors or transport products to
 our stores could be adversely affected, or we could be required
 to close stores or distribution centers in the affected areas or
 in areas served by the affected distribution center. As a
 result, our business could be adversely affected.

 We operate in
 highly competitive markets, and we may not be able to compete
 effectively.

 The retail apparel and home fashion business is highly
 competitive. We compete with many other local, regional,
 national and international retailers that sell apparel, home
 fashions and other merchandise we sell, whether in stores,
 through catalogues or media or over the internet. We compete on
 the basis of fashion, quality, price, value, merchandise
 selection and freshness, brand name recognition, service,
 reputation and store location. Other competitive factors that
 influence the demand for our merchandise include our
 advertising, marketing and promotional activities and the name
 recognition and reputation of our chains. If we fail to compete
 effectively, our sales and results of operations could be
 adversely affected.

 Failure to
 attract and retain quality sales, distribution center and other
 associates in appropriate numbers as well as experienced buying
 and management personnel could adversely affect our
 performance.

 Our performance depends on recruiting, developing, training and
 retaining quality sales, distribution center and other
 associates in large numbers as well as experienced buying and
 management personnel. Many of our associates are in entry level
 or part-time positions with historically high rates of turnover.
 The nature of the workforce in the retail industry subjects us
 to the risk of immigration law violations, which risk has
 increased in recent years. In addition, any failure of
 third-parties that perform services on our behalf to comply with
 immigration, employment or other laws could damage our
 reputation or disrupt our ability to obtain needed labor. Our
 ability to meet our labor needs while controlling labor costs is
 subject to external factors such as unemployment levels,
 prevailing wage rates, minimum wage legislation, changing
 demographics, health and other insurance costs and governmental
 labor and employment requirements. Recently enacted health care
 reform legislation could increase our costs. In the event of
 increasing wage rates, if we fail to increase our wages
 competitively, the quality of our workforce could decline,
 causing our customer service to suffer, while increasing our
 wages could cause our earnings to decrease. In addition, certain
 associates in our distribution centers are members of unions and
 therefore subject us to the risk of labor actions. Because of
 the distinctive nature of our off-price model, we must do
 significant internal training and development for a substantial
 number of our associates. The market for retail management is
 highly competitive and, in common with other retailers, we face
 challenges in securing sufficient management talent. If we do
 not continue to attract, train and retain quality associates and
 management personnel, our performance could be adversely
 affected.

 If we engage in
 mergers or acquisitions of new businesses, or divest, close or
 consolidate any of our current businesses, our business will be
 subject to additional risks.

 We have grown our business in part through mergers and
 acquisitions and may acquire new businesses or divest, close or
 consolidate current businesses. Acquisition or divestiture
 activities may divert attention of management from operating the
 existing businesses. We may do a
 less-than-optimal
 job of evaluating target companies and their risks and benefits,
 and integration of acquisitions can be difficult and
 time-consuming. Acquisitions may not meet our performance and
 other expectations or may expose us to unexpected or

greater-than-expected
 liabilities and risks. Divestitures, closings and

 12

 consolidations also involve risks, such as the risks of exposure
 on lease and other contractual, employment and severance
 obligations, obligations undertaken in the process and potential
 liabilities that may arise under law as a result of the
 disposition or the subsequent failure of the acquirer. Failure
 to execute on mergers or divestitures, closings and
 consolidations in a satisfactory manner could adversely affect
 our future results of operations and financial condition.

 Failure to
 operate information systems and implement new technologies
 effectively could disrupt our business or reduce our sales or
 profitability.

 We rely extensively on various information systems, data centers
 and software applications to manage many aspects of our
 business, including to process and record transactions in our
 stores, to enable effective communication systems, to plan and
 track inventory flow, and to generate performance and financial
 reports. We are dependent on the integrity, security and
 consistent operations of these systems and related
 back-up
 systems. Our computer systems are subject to damage or
 interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications
 failures, computer viruses, security breaches, catastrophic
 events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes,
 hurricanes, acts of war or terrorism and usage errors by our
 associates or contractors. The efficient operation and
 successful growth of our business depends upon these information
 systems, including our ability to operate them effectively and
 to select and implement appropriate new technologies, systems,
 controls, data centers and adequate disaster recovery systems
 successfully. The failure of our information systems to perform
 as designed or our failure to implement and operate them
 effectively could disrupt our business or subject us to
 liability and thereby harm our profitability.

 We depend upon
 strong cash flows from our operations to supply capital to fund
 our expansion, operations, interest and debt repayments, stock
 repurchases and dividends.

 Our business depends upon our operations to generate strong cash
 flow, and to some extent upon the availability of financing
 sources, to supply capital to fund our expansions, general
 operating activities, stock repurchases, dividends, interest and
 debt repayments. Our inability to continue to generate
 sufficient cash flows to support these activities or the lack of
 availability of financing in adequate amounts and on appropriate
 terms when needed could adversely affect our financial
 performance including our earnings per share.

 General economic
 and other factors may adversely affect consumer spending, which
 could adversely affect our sales and operating
 results.

 Interest rates; recession; inflation; deflation; consumer credit
 availability; consumer debt levels; energy costs; tax rates and
 policy; unemployment trends; threats or possibilities of war,
 terrorism or other global or national unrest; actual or
 threatened epidemics; political or financial instability; and
 general economic, political and other factors beyond our control
 have significant effects on consumer confidence and spending.
 Consumer spending, in turn, affects sales at retailers, which
 may include TJX. Although we benefit from being an off-price
 retailer, these factors could adversely affect our sales and
 performance if we are not able to implement strategies to
 mitigate them promptly and successfully.

 Issues with
 merchandise quality or safety could damage our reputation, sales
 and financial results.

 Various governmental authorities in the jurisdictions where we
 do business regulate the quality and safety of the merchandise
 we sell in our stores. Regulations and standards in this area,
 including those related to the Consumer Product Safety
 Improvement Act of 2008 in the United States and similar
 legislation in other countries in which we operate, change from
 time to time. Our inability to comply on a timely basis with
 regulatory requirements could result in significant fines or
 penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our
 financial results. We rely on our vendors to provide quality
 merchandise that complies with applicable product safety laws
 and other applicable laws, but they may not comply with their
 contractual obligations to do so. Issues with the quality and
 safety of merchandise, particularly with food, bath and body and
 children’s products, or issues with the genuineness of
 merchandise, regardless of our fault, or customer concerns about
 such issues, could cause damage to our reputation and could
 result in lost sales, uninsured product liability claims or
 losses, merchandise recalls and increased costs, and regulatory,
 civil or criminal fines or penalties, any of which could have a
 material adverse effect on our financial results.

 We are subject to
 import risks associated with importing merchandise from foreign
 countries.

 Many of the products sold in our stores are sourced by our
 vendors and, to a lesser extent, by us, in many foreign
 countries, particularly southeastern Asia. Where we are the
 importer of record, we may be subject to regulatory or other
 requirements similar to those imposed upon the manufacturer of
 such products. We are subject to the various risks of

 13

 doing business in foreign markets, importing merchandise from
 abroad and purchasing product made in foreign countries, such as:

 — 

 potential disruptions in manufacturing, logistics and supply;

 — 

 changes in duties, tariffs, quotas and voluntary export
 restrictions on imported merchandise;

 — 

 strikes and other events affecting delivery;

 — 

 consumer perceptions of the safety of imported merchandise;

 — 

 product compliance with laws and regulations of the destination
 country;

 — 

 product liability claims from customers or penalties from
 government agencies relating to products that are recalled,
 defective or otherwise noncompliant or alleged to be harmful;

 — 

 concerns about human rights, working conditions and other labor
 rights and conditions in foreign countries where merchandise is
 produced, and changing labor, environmental and other laws in
 these countries;

 — 

 compliance with laws and regulations concerning ethical business
 practices, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act;

 — 

 potentially greater exposure for product warranty and safety
 problems; and

 — 

 economic, political or other problems in countries from or
 through which merchandise is imported.

 Political or financial instability, trade restrictions, tariffs,
 currency exchange rates, labor conditions, transport capacity
 and costs, systems issues, problems in third party distribution
 and warehousing and other interruptions of the supply chain,
 compliance with U.S. and foreign laws and regulations and
 other factors relating to international trade and imported
 merchandise beyond our control could affect the availability and
 the price of our inventory. Furthermore, although we have
 implemented policies and procedures designed to facilitate
 compliance with laws and regulations relating to doing business
 in foreign markets and importing merchandise from abroad, there
 can be no assurance that our associates, contractors, agents,
 vendors or other third parties with whom we do business will not
 violate such laws and regulations or our policies, which could
 subject us to liability and could adversely affect our
 operations or operating results.

 Our expanding
 international operations increasingly expose us to risks
 inherent in operating in foreign jurisdictions.

 We have a significant retail presence in Canada and Europe, as
 well as buying offices around the world, and our goal as a
 global retailer is to continue to expand into other
 international markets in the future. Our foreign operations
 encounter risks similar to those faced by our
 U.S. operations, as well as risks inherent in foreign
 operations, such as understanding the retail climate and trends,
 local customs and competitive conditions in foreign markets,
 complying with foreign laws, rules and regulations, and foreign
 currency fluctuations, which could have an adverse impact on our
 profitability.

 Our results may
 be adversely affected by increases in the price of oil and other
 commodities.

 Prices of oil have fluctuated dramatically in the past and have
 recently risen significantly. Increase in the price of oil
 increases our transportation costs for distribution, utility
 costs for our retail stores and costs to purchase our products
 from suppliers. Although we have implemented a hedging strategy
 to manage a portion of our transportation costs, increases in
 oil and gasoline prices could adversely affect consumer spending
 and demand for our products and increase our operating costs,
 which could have an adverse effect on our performance.
 Similarly, other commodity prices have also fluctuated
 dramatically in the past. Cost of cotton and synthetic fabrics
 have recently risen significantly. Such increases are expected
 to increase the cost of merchandise, which could adversely
 affect our performance through potentially reduced consumer
 demand or reduced margins.

 Failure to comply
 with existing laws, regulations and orders or changes in
 existing laws and regulations could negatively affect our
 business operations and financial performance.

 We are subject to federal, state, provincial and local laws,
 rules and regulations in the United States and abroad, any of
 which may change from time to time, as well as orders and
 assurances. If we fail to comply with these laws, rules,
 regulations and orders, we may be subject to fines or other
 penalties, which could materially adversely affect our
 operations and our financial results and condition. We must also
 comply with new and changing laws. Further, Generally

 14

 Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) in the U.S. may
 change from time to time, and the changes could have material
 effects on our reported financial results and condition. In
 addition, there have been a large number of new legislative and
 regulatory initiatives and reforms introduced in the U.S., and
 the initiatives and reforms that have been and may be enacted
 may increase our costs.

 Our results may
 be materially adversely affected by the outcomes of litigation
 and other legal proceedings.

 We are periodically involved in various legal proceedings, which
 may involve local, state and federal government inquiries and
 investigations; tax, employment, real estate, tort, consumer
 litigation and intellectual property litigation; or other
 disputes. There have been a growing number of employment-related
 lawsuits, including class actions, and we have been subject to
 these types of suits. In addition, we may be subject to
 investigations and other proceedings by regulatory agencies,
 including, but not limited to, consumer protection laws,
 advertising regulations, escheat and employment and wage and
 hour regulations. Results of legal and regulatory proceedings
 cannot be predicted with certainty and may differ from reserves
 we establish estimating the probable outcome. Regardless of
 merit, litigation may be both time-consuming and disruptive to
 our operations and cause significant expense and diversion of
 management attention. Legal and regulatory proceedings and
 investigations could expose us to significant defense costs,
 fines, penalties and liability to private parties and
 governmental entities for monetary recoveries and other amounts
 and attorneys’ fees
 and/or
 require us to change aspects of our operations, any of which
 could have a material adverse effect on our business and results
 of operations.

 Our real estate
 leases generally obligate us for long periods, which subjects us
 to various financial risks.

 We lease virtually all of our store locations, generally for
 long terms and either own or lease for long periods our primary
 distribution centers and administrative offices. Accordingly, we
 are subject to the risks associated with owning and leasing real
 estate, which can have a material adverse effect on our results
 as reflected in our reserve for former operations. While we have
 the right to terminate some of our leases under specified
 conditions by making specified payments, we may not be able to
 terminate a particular lease if or when we would like to do so.
 If we decide to close stores, we are generally required to
 continue to perform obligations under the applicable leases,
 which generally includes, among other things, paying rent and
 operating expenses for the balance of the lease term, or paying
 to exercise rights to terminate, and the performance of any of
 these obligations may be expensive. When we assign or sublease
 leases, we can remain liable on the lease obligations if the
 assignee or sublessee does not perform. In addition, when leases
 for the stores in our ongoing operations expire, we may be
 unable to negotiate renewals, either on commercially acceptable
 terms or at all, which could cause us to close stores.

 Our stock price
 may fluctuate based on market expectations.

 The public trading of our stock is based in large part on market
 expectations that our business will continue to grow and that we
 will achieve certain levels of net income. If the securities
 analysts that regularly follow our stock lower their rating or
 lower their projections for future growth and financial
 performance, the market price of our stock is likely to drop. In
 addition, if our quarterly financial performance does not meet
 the expectations of securities analysts, our stock price would
 likely decline. The decrease in the stock price may be
 disproportionate to the shortfall in our financial performance.

 Tax matters could
 adversely affect our results of operations and financial
 condition.

 We are subject to income taxes in both the United States and
 numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our provision for income taxes
 and future tax liability could be adversely affected by numerous
 factors including, but not limited to, income before taxes being
 lower than anticipated in countries with lower statutory income
 tax rates and higher than anticipated in countries with higher
 statutory income tax rates, changes in income tax rates, changes
 in transfer pricing, changes in the valuation of deferred tax
 assets and liabilities, changes in U.S. tax legislation and
 regulation, foreign tax laws, regulations and treaties, exposure
 to additional tax liabilities, changes in accounting principles
 and interpretations relating to tax matters, which could
 adversely impact our results of operations and financial
 condition in future periods. In addition, we are subject to the
 continuous examination of our income tax returns by federal,
 state and local tax authorities in the U.S. and foreign
 countries, such authorities may challenge positions we take, and
 we are engaged in various proceedings with such authorities with
 respect to assessments, claims, deficiencies and refunds, and
 the results of these examinations, judicial proceedings or as a
 result of the expiration of statute of limitations in specific
 jurisdictions. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse
 outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the
 adequacy of our provision for income taxes. However, it is
 possible that the actual results of proceedings with tax
 authorities and in courts,

 15

 changes in facts, expiration of statutes of limitations or other
 resolutions of tax positions will differ from the amounts we
 have accrued in either a positive or a negative manner, which
 could materially affect our effective income tax rate in a given
 financial period, the amount of taxes we are required to pay and
 our results of operations.