The statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully, in connection with all
of the other information set forth in this annual report on Form 10-K. The risks that follow, individually or in the aggregate, are those that we think could cause our actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied in
forward-looking statements. 

Failure to execute our opportunistic buying and inventory management could adversely affect our business.

We purchase the majority of our apparel inventory and much of our home inventory opportunistically with our buyers purchasing close
to need. Establishing the treasure hunt nature of the off-price buying experience to drive traffic to the stores and to increase same store sales requires us to offer rapidly changing assortments of merchandise in our stores. While opportunistic
buying provides our buyers the ability to buy at desirable times and prices, in the quantities we need and into market trends, it places considerable discretion in our buyers, subjecting us to risks related to the pricing, quantity, nature and
timing of inventory flowing to our stores. If we are unable to provide frequent replenishment of fresh, high quality, attractively priced merchandise in our stores, it could adversely affect traffic to the stores as well as our sales and margins. We
base our purchases of inventory, in part, on our sales forecasts. If our sales forecasts do not match customer demand, we may experience higher inventory levels and need to take markdowns on excess or slow-moving inventory, leading to decreased
profit margins, or we may have insufficient inventory to meet customer demand, leading to lost sales, either of which could adversely affect our financial performance. We need to purchase inventory sufficiently below conventional retail to maintain
our pricing differential to regular department and specialty store prices and to attract customers and sustain our margins, which we may not achieve at various times or in some divisions or geographies and which could adversely affect our results or
those of one of our segments. 

We must also properly execute our inventory management strategies by appropriately allocating merchandise
among our stores, timely and efficiently distributing inventory to stores, maintaining an appropriate mix and level of inventory in stores, appropriately changing the allocation of floor space of stores among product categories to respond to
customer demand and effectively managing pricing and markdowns, and there is no assurance we will be able to do so. In addition to our own execution, inventory flow may be adversely affected by factors outside our control, such as extreme weather or
natural disasters or other changes in conditions affecting our vendors and others in our supply chain, such as political instability, labor issues or increasing cost or regulations. If we are not able to adjust appropriately to such factors, our
merchandise distribution may be affected. Failure to execute our opportunistic inventory buying and inventory management well could adversely affect our performance and our relationship with our customers. 

Failure to continue to expand our operations successfully or to manage our substantial size and scale effectively could adversely affect our financial results.

Our revenue growth is dependent, among other things, on our ability to continue to expand successfully through successfully opening
new stores as well as increasing the sales of our existing stores. Successful store growth requires acquisition and development of appropriate store real estate including availability and selection of appropriate sites in appropriate geographies and
negotiation of acceptable terms. Competition for desirable sites; increases in real estate, construction and development costs; variations in or changes to zoning or other land use regulations as well as costs and availability of capital could limit
our ability to open new stores successfully in various markets or adversely affect the economics of new stores in various markets. We may encounter difficulties in attracting customers when we enter new markets for various reasons, including
customers’ lack of familiarity with our brands or our lack of familiarity with local customer preferences or cultural differences. New stores may not achieve the same sales or profit levels as our existing stores, and new and existing stores in
a market may adversely affect each other’s sales and profitability. 

Further, expansion places significant demands on management and
the administrative, merchandising, store operations, distribution, compliance and other organizations in our businesses, and we may not successfully 

9 

manage our growth. Under our business model, some aspects of the businesses and operations of our chains in the U.S., Canada and Europe are conducted with relative autonomy. The large size and
scale of our operations, our multiple businesses in the U.S., Canada and Europe and the autonomy afforded to the chains increase the risk that our systems and practices will not be implemented appropriately throughout our company and that
information may not be appropriately shared across our operations, which risks may increase as we continue to grow, particularly in different countries. If business information is not shared effectively or we are otherwise unable to manage our
growth effectively, we may operate with decreased operational efficiency, may need to reduce our rate of expansion of one or more operations or otherwise curtail growth in one or more markets, which may adversely affect our success in executing our
business goals and adversely impact our sales and results. 

Failure to identify customer trends and preferences to meet customer demand could
negatively impact our performance. 

Because our success depends on our ability to meet customer demand, we work to follow customer
trends and preferences on an ongoing basis and to buy inventory in response to those trends and preferences. However, identifying consumer trends and preferences in the diverse product lines and many markets in which we do business and successfully
meeting customer demand across those lines and for those markets on a timely basis is challenging. Although our flexible business model allows us to buy close to need and in response to consumer preferences and trends and to expand and contract
merchandise categories in response to consumers’ changing tastes, we may not successfully do so, which could adversely affect our results. 

Our
future performance is dependent upon our ability to continue to expand within our existing markets and to extend our off-price model in new product lines, banners and geographic regions. 

Our strategy is to continue to expand within existing markets, to expand to new markets and geographies and to attract new customers in existing and
new markets across demographics. In addition to the risks associated with finding appropriate locations and managing our existing business effectively, this growth strategy includes developing new ways to sell more or different categories of
merchandise within our existing stores, continued expansion of our existing chains in our existing markets and countries, expansion of these chains to new markets and countries, and development or acquisition of new banners or businesses, including
our planned expansion into e-commerce, all of which entail significant risk. Our growth is dependent upon our ability to successfully extend our business in these ways and on managing the timing and implementation of our growth effectively. If any
aspect of our expansion strategy does not achieve the success we expect in whole or in part, we may be required to increase our investment or close stores or operations. Unsuccessful expansion of our model could adversely affect growth and financial
performance. 

If we fail to successfully implement our marketing, advertising and promotional programs, or if our competitors are more effective with
their programs than we are, our revenue may be adversely affected. 

Although we use marketing, advertising and promotional programs
to attract customers to our stores through various media including print, television, social media, database marketing and direct marketing, some of our competitors expend more for their programs than we do, or use different approaches than we do,
which may provide them with a competitive advantage. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to execute our marketing, advertising and promotional programs effectively, and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect
on our revenue and results of operations. In addition, internet-based communication channels are evolving rapidly, and we may not adjust our programs effectively to reflect the changing forms of social media and other methods of communication.

We operate in highly competitive markets, and we may not be able to compete effectively. 

The retail apparel and home fashion business is highly competitive. We compete with many other local, regional, national and international retailers
that sell apparel, home fashions and other merchandise we sell, whether in stores, through catalogues or other media or over the internet. Some of our competitors are larger than we are, have more experience in selling certain products or have
greater financial resources than we do; new competitors frequently enter the market, and existing competitors enter or increase their presence in the 

10 

markets in which we operate, expand their merchandise offerings or change their pricing methods. We compete on the basis of fashion, quality, price, value, merchandise selection and freshness,
brand-name recognition, service, reputation and store location. Other competitive factors that influence the demand for our merchandise include our advertising, marketing and promotional activities and the name recognition and reputation of our
chains. If we fail to compete effectively, our sales and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Failure to attract, train and retain
quality sales, distribution center and other associates in appropriate numbers as well as experienced buying and management personnel could adversely affect our performance. 

Our performance depends on recruiting, developing, training and retaining quality sales, systems, distribution center and other associates in large
numbers as well as experienced buying and management personnel. Many of our associates are in entry level or part-time positions with historically high rates of turnover. Availability and skill of associates may differ across markets in which we do
business and as we enter new markets, and our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling labor costs is subject to external factors such as unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, minimum wage legislation, changing demographics, health
care reform, health and other insurance costs and governmental labor and employment requirements. The nature of the workforce in the retail industry also subjects us to the risk of immigration law violations, which risk has increased in recent
years, and certain associates in our distribution centers are members of unions and therefore subject us to the risk of labor actions. In addition, any failure of third-parties that perform services on our behalf to comply with immigration,
employment or other laws could damage our reputation or disrupt our ability to obtain needed labor. In the event of increasing wage rates in a market, failure to increase our wages competitively could result in a decline in the quality of our
workforce, causing our customer service to suffer, while increasing our wages could cause our earnings to decrease. 

In addition, because
of the distinctive nature of our off-price model, we must do significant internal training and development for key associates. The market for retail management is highly competitive and, similar to other retailers, we face challenges in securing
sufficient management talent. If we do not continue to attract, train and retain management personnel and other quality associates, our performance could be adversely affected. 

Global economic conditions may adversely affect our financial performance. 

During the recent
economic recession, global financial markets experienced extreme volatility, disruption and credit contraction, which adversely affected global economic conditions. Renewed financial turmoil in the financial and credit markets could adversely affect
our costs of capital and the sources of liquidity available to us and could increase our pension funding requirements. Economic conditions, both on a global level and in particular markets, including continued unemployment, decreased disposable
income and actual and perceived wealth, high energy and health care costs, interest and tax rates and policies, weakness in the housing market, volatility in capital markets and tighter credit, as well as political or other factors beyond our
control such as threats or possibilities of war, terrorism global or national unrest, actual or threatened epidemics, and political or financial instability also have significant effects on consumer confidence and spending. Consumer spending, in
turn, affects retail sales. These conditions and factors could adversely affect discretionary consumer spending and, although we benefit from being an off-price retailer, may adversely affect our sales, cash flows and results of operations and
performance. 

Compromises of our data security could materially harm our reputation and business. 

In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store certain personal information from individuals, such as our customers and associates,
and we process customer payment card and check information. 

We suffered an unauthorized intrusion or intrusions (such intrusion or
intrusions, collectively, the “Computer Intrusion”) into portions of our computer system that process and store information related to customer transactions, discovered late in fiscal 2007, in which we believe customer data were stolen. We
have taken steps designed to further strengthen the security of our computer system and protocols and have instituted an ongoing program with respect to data security, consistent with a consent order with the Federal Trade Commission, to assess the
ongoing effectiveness of our information security program and to maintain and enhance our program as appropriate. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer a future data compromise, that unauthorized parties will not gain
access to personal information, or that any such data compromise or access will be discovered in a timely way. 

11 

We rely on commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for
processing, transmission and storage of confidential information. Further, the systems currently used for transmission and approval of payment card transactions, and the technology utilized in payment cards themselves, all of which can put payment
card data at risk, are determined and controlled by the payment card industry, not by us. This is also true for check information and approval. Computer hackers may attempt to penetrate our computer system and, if successful, misappropriate personal
information, payment card or check information or confidential business information of our company. In addition, our associates, contractors or third parties with whom we do business or to whom we outsource business operations may attempt to
circumvent our security measures in order to misappropriate such information, and may purposefully or inadvertently cause a breach involving such information. Advances in computer and software capabilities and encryption technology, new tools and
other developments may increase the risk of such a breach. 

Compromise of our data security, failure to prevent or mitigate the loss of
personal or business information and delays in detecting any such compromise or loss could disrupt our operations, damage our reputation and customers’ willingness to shop in our stores, violate applicable laws, regulations, orders and
agreements, and subject us to additional costs and liabilities which could be material. 

Failure to operate information systems and implement new
technologies effectively could disrupt our business or reduce our sales or profitability. 

We rely extensively on various information
systems, data centers and software applications to manage many aspects of our business, including to process and record transactions in our stores, to enable effective communication systems, to plan and track inventory flow, and to generate
performance and financial reports. We are dependent on the integrity, security and consistent operations of these systems and related back-up systems. Our computer systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and
telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, cyber-attacks, catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, acts of war or terrorism and usage errors by our associates or contractors. We incur
expenses to maintain our systems and to address the risk of interruptions in service. Interruptions or shutdowns of our systems could lead to delays in our business operations and, if significant or extreme, affect our results of operations.

We modify and update our systems and infrastructure, such as with new data centers, replace or update legacy systems and may acquire new
systems with additional functionality, such as for the development of an e-commerce business. Although we believe we are diligent in selecting vendors, systems and procedures to enable us to maintain the integrity of our systems, we recognize that
there are inherent risks associated with these modifications and acquisitions, including accurately capturing and maintaining data, realizing the expected benefit of the change and the possibility of system disruptions as the changes are
implemented. 

The efficient operation and successful growth of our business depends upon these information systems, including our ability
to operate and maintain them effectively and to select and implement appropriate new technologies, systems, controls, data centers and adequate disaster recovery systems successfully. The failure of our information systems to perform as designed or
our failure to implement and operate them effectively could disrupt our business or subject us to liability and thereby harm our profitability. 

As
our business is subject to seasonal influences, a decrease in sales or margins during the second half of the year could have a disproportionately adverse affect on our operating results. 

Our business is subject to seasonal influences; we generally realize higher levels of sales and income in the second half of the year, which
includes the back-to-school and year-end holiday seasons. Any decrease in sales or margins during this period could have a disproportionately adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Adverse or unseasonable weather in the markets in which our stores operate or our distribution centers are located could adversely affect our operating results. 

Both adverse and unseasonable weather affect customers’ buying patterns and willingness to shop and accordingly the demand for the merchandise
in our stores, particularly in seasonal apparel. Severe weather can also affect our ability to transport merchandise to our stores from our distribution and shipping centers or 

12 

elsewhere in our supply chain. As a result, unusually extreme or unseasonable weather in our markets, such as snow, ice or rain storms, severe cold or heat or extended periods of unseasonable
temperatures, could adversely affect our sales, increase markdowns and adversely affect our operating results. 

Our results may be adversely affected
by serious disruptions or catastrophic events. 

Unforeseen public health issues, such as pandemics and epidemics, as well as natural
disasters such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, earthquakes and other extreme weather and climate conditions in any of our markets could disrupt our operations or the operations of one or more of our vendors or could severely damage or destroy one
or more of our stores or distribution facilities located in the affected areas. Day-to-day operations, particularly our ability to receive products from our vendors or transport products to our stores could be adversely affected, or we could be
required to close stores or distribution centers in the affected areas or in areas served by affected distribution centers. As a result, our business could be adversely affected. 

Damage to our corporate reputation or those of our banners could adversely affect our sales and operating results. 

We believe that building the brand reputation of our retail banners is an important part of our marketing efforts and we expend resources building relationships with our customers through our print marketing,
websites, social media and other means. We also develop private label brands for certain merchandise sold in our stores. Reputational value is based, in part, on perceptions of subjective qualities, so isolated incidents involving us or our
merchandise that erode trust or confidence could adversely affect our reputation and our business, particularly if the incidents result in significant adverse publicity or governmental inquiry. Similarly, information posted about us, our banners or
our merchandise, including our private label brands, on social media platforms and similar venues, including blogs, social media websites, and other forums for internet-based communications that allow individuals access to a broad audience of
consumers and other interested persons may adversely affect our reputation and brand, even if the information is inaccurate. Damage to the perception or reputation of our company and our banners could result in declines in customer loyalty and
sales, affect our vendor relationships, development opportunities and associate retention and otherwise adversely affect our business. 

Issues with
merchandise quality or safety could damage our reputation, sales and financial results. 

Various governmental authorities in the
jurisdictions where we do business regulate the quality and safety of the merchandise we sell in our stores. Regulations and standards in this area, including those related to the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008 in the United States
and similar legislation in other countries in which we operate, change from time to time. Also, new state or local regulations that may affect our business are contemplated and enacted with some regularity. Our inability to comply with regulatory
requirements on a timely basis or at all could result in significant fines or penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. We rely on our vendors to provide quality merchandise that complies with applicable product
safety laws and other applicable laws, but they may not comply with their contractual obligations with us to do so. Although our arrangements with our vendors frequently provide for indemnification for product liabilities, the vendors may fail to
honor those obligations to an extent we consider sufficient or at all. Issues with the quality and safety of merchandise, particularly with food, bath and body and children’s products, or issues with the genuineness of merchandise,
regardless of our fault, or customer concerns about such issues, could cause damage to our reputation and could result in lost sales, uninsured product liability claims or losses, merchandise recalls and increased costs, and regulatory, civil or
criminal fines or penalties, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 

Our expanding international operations
increasingly expose us to risks inherent in operating in foreign jurisdictions. 

We have a significant retail presence in Canada and
Europe and have established buying offices around the world, and our goal as a global retailer is to continue to expand our operations into other international markets in the future. In addition to facing risks similar to our U.S. operations, our
foreign operations encounter risks inherent in foreign operations, such as understanding the retail climate and trends, local customs and competitive 

13 

conditions in foreign markets, complying with foreign laws, rules and regulations, as well as risks from foreign currency fluctuations, adverse tax consequences or limitations on the repatriation
and investment of funds, which could have an adverse impact on our operations or profitability. Complying with foreign and U.S. laws and our own internal policies may require us to spend additional time and resources to implement new procedures and
financial controls, conduct audits, train associates and third parties on our compliance methods or take other actions, which could adversely impact our operations. 

We are subject to risks associated with importing merchandise from foreign countries. 

Many of
the products sold in our stores are sourced by our vendors and, to a lesser extent, by us, in many foreign countries, particularly southeastern Asia. Where we are the importer of record, we may be subject to regulatory or other requirements similar
to those imposed upon the manufacturer of such products. We are subject to the various risks of importing merchandise from abroad and purchasing product made in foreign countries, such as: 

—

 potential disruptions in manufacturing, logistics and supply; 

—

 changes in duties, tariffs, quotas and voluntary export restrictions on imported merchandise; 

—

 strikes and other events affecting delivery; 

—

 consumer perceptions of the safety of imported merchandise; 

—

 product compliance with laws and regulations of the destination country; 

—

 product liability claims from customers or penalties from government agencies relating to products that are recalled, defective or otherwise noncompliant or
alleged to be harmful; 

—

 concerns about human rights, working conditions and other labor rights and conditions in foreign countries where merchandise is produced, and changing labor,
environmental and other laws in these countries; 

—

 compliance with laws and regulations concerning ethical business practices, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act;

—

 exposure for product warranty and intellectual property issues; and 

—

 economic, political or other problems in countries from or through which merchandise is imported. 

Political or financial instability, trade restrictions, tariffs, currency exchange rates, labor conditions, transport capacity and costs, systems
issues, problems in third party distribution and warehousing and other interruptions of the supply chain, compliance with U.S. and foreign laws and regulations and other factors relating to international trade and imported merchandise beyond
our control could affect the availability and the price of our inventory. Furthermore, although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to facilitate compliance with laws and regulations relating to doing business in foreign markets and
importing merchandise from abroad, there can be no assurance that contractors, agents, vendors or other third parties with whom we do business will not violate such laws and regulations or our policies, which could subject us to liability and could
adversely affect our operations or operating results. 

Our results may be adversely affected by reduced availability or increases in the price of oil
or other fuels, raw materials and other commodities. 

Energy and fuel costs have fluctuated dramatically in the past, particularly
the price of oil and gasoline, which have recently risen significantly. An increase in the price of oil increases our transportation costs for distribution, utility costs for our retail stores and costs to purchase our products from suppliers.
Although we have implemented a hedging strategy designed to manage a portion of our transportation costs, increases in oil and gasoline prices could adversely affect consumer spending and demand for our products and increase our operating costs,
which could have an adverse effect on our performance. Increased regulation related to environmental costs, including cap and trade or other emissions management systems could also affect the costs of doing business, including utility costs,
transportation and logistics. 

14 

Similarly, other commodity prices can fluctuate dramatically, such as the cost of cotton and synthetic
fabrics, which at times have risen significantly. Such increases can increase the cost of merchandise, which could adversely affect our performance through potentially reduced consumer demand or reduced margins. 

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may lead to lower revenues and earnings. 

In addition to our U.S. businesses, we operate stores in Canada and Europe and plan to continue to expand our international operations. Sales
made by our stores outside the United States are denominated in the currency of the country in which the store is located, and changes in foreign exchange rates affect the translation of the sales and earnings of these businesses into
U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. Because of this, movements in exchange rates have had and are expected to continue to have a significant impact on our consolidated and segment results from time to time. 

Changes in foreign currency exchange rates can also increase the cost of inventory purchases that are denominated in a currency other than the local
currency of the business. When these changes occur suddenly, it can be difficult for us to adjust retail prices accordingly, and gross margin can be adversely affected. A significant amount of merchandise we offer for sale is made in China and
accordingly, a revaluation of the Chinese currency, or increased market flexibility in the exchange rate for that currency, increasing its value relative to the U.S. dollar or currencies in which our stores are located could be particularly
significant. 

Additionally, we routinely enter into inventory-related hedging instruments to mitigate the impact of foreign currency
exchange rates on merchandise margins of merchandise purchased by our segments that is denominated in currencies other than their local currencies. In accordance with GAAP, we evaluate the fair value of these hedging instruments and make
mark-to-market adjustments at the end of an accounting period. These adjustments are of a much greater magnitude when there is significant volatility in currency exchange rates and may have a significant impact on our earnings. 

Although we implement foreign currency hedging and risk management strategies to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in earnings and cash flows
associated with changes in foreign exchange rates, we expect that foreign currency fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on our net sales and results of operations. In addition, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may have a
greater impact on our earnings and operating results if a counterparty to one of our hedging arrangements fails to perform. 

Our quarterly operating
results fluctuate and may fall short of prior periods, our projections or the expectations of securities analysts or investors, which could adversely affect our stock price. 

Our operating results have fluctuated from quarter to quarter at points in the past, and they may continue to do so in the future. The public
trading of our stock is based in large part on market expectations that our business will continue to grow and that we will achieve certain levels of increased net income and earnings per share. Our results have at points in the past fallen short of
results in prior periods, our projections or the expectations of securities analysts or investors, and they may do so in the future. If we fail to increase our results over prior periods, to achieve our projected results or to meet the expectations
of securities analysts or investors, our share price may decline, and the decrease in the stock price may be disproportionate to the shortfall in our financial performance. Factors that could cause us not to do so include some factors that are
within our control, such as the execution of our off-price buying; selection, pricing and mix of merchandise; inventory management including flow, pricing markon and markdowns; and management of our growth; and some factors that are not within our
control, including actions of competitors, weather conditions, economic conditions, consumer confidence, seasonality, and cost increases due, among other things, to government regulation and increased healthcare costs. Most of our operating
expenses, such as rent expense and associate salaries, do not vary directly with the amount of our sales and are difficult to adjust in the short term. As a result, if sales in a particular quarter are below expectations for that quarter, we may not
be able to proportionately reduce operating expenses for that quarter, resulting in a disproportionate effect on our net income for the quarter. We maintain a forecasting process that seeks to project sales and align expenses. If we do not correctly

15 

forecast sales and control costs or appropriately adjust costs to actual results, our financial performance could be adversely affected. In addition, if we do not repurchase the number of shares
we contemplate pursuant to our stock repurchase programs, our earnings per share may be adversely affected. 

If we engage in mergers or acquisitions
of new businesses, or divest, close or consolidate any of our current businesses, our business will be subject to additional risks. 

We have grown our business in part through mergers and acquisitions and may acquire new businesses or divest, close or consolidate current
businesses. Acquisition or divestiture activities may divert attention of management from operating the existing businesses. We may not effectively evaluate target companies or assess the risks, benefits and cost of integration of
acquisitions, which can be difficult, time-consuming and dilutive. Acquisitions may not meet our performance and other expectations or may expose us to unexpected or greater-than-expected liabilities and risks. Divestitures, closings and
consolidations also involve risks, such as significant costs and obligations of closure, including exposure on leases, owned real estate and other contractual, employment and severance obligations, and potential liabilities that may arise under law
as a result of the disposition or the subsequent failure of an acquirer. Failure to execute on mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, closings and consolidations in a satisfactory manner could adversely affect our future results of operations and
financial condition. 

Failure to comply with existing laws, regulations and orders or changes in existing laws and regulations could negatively
affect our business operations and financial performance. 

We are subject to federal, state, provincial and local laws, rules and
regulations in the United States and abroad, any of which may change from time to time, as well as orders and assurances. These legal, regulatory and administrative requirements collectively affect multiple aspects of our business, from cost of
health care, workforce management, logistics, marketing, import/export and others. If we fail to comply with these laws, rules, regulations and orders, we may be subject to fines or other penalties, which could materially adversely affect our
operations and our financial results and condition. Further, GAAP may change from time to time, and the changes could have material effects on our reported financial results and condition. 

We must also comply with new and changing laws and regulations. New legislative and regulatory initiatives and reforms in the U.S. and
internationally could increase our costs of compliance or of doing business and could adversely affect our operating results, including those involving: 

—

 labor and employment rights, including addressing rights of labor unions; 

—

 consumer protection and financial regulations; 

—

 data protection and privacy; 

—

 climate change, energy or waste, at local, state or federal level; 

—

 internet regulations, including regarding e-commerce, electronic communications and privacy; and 

—

 protection of third party intellectual property rights. 

Our results may be materially adversely affected by the outcomes of litigation, legal proceedings and other legal matters. 

We are involved, or may in the future become involved, in various legal proceedings, regulatory reviews and audits. These may involve local, state and federal government inquiries and investigations; tax,
employment, real estate, tort, consumer and intellectual property litigation; or other disputes. There have been a growing number of employment-related lawsuits, including class actions, in the United States, and we are subject to these types of
suits. In addition, we may be subject to investigations and other proceedings by regulatory agencies, including consumer protection laws, product safety laws, advertising regulations, escheat and employment and wage and hour regulations. We cannot
predict the results of legal and regulatory proceedings with certainty, and actual results may differ from reserves we establish estimating the probable outcome. Regardless of merit, litigation can be both time-consuming and disruptive to our
operations and may cause significant expense and diversion of management attention. Legal and regulatory proceedings and investigations could expose us to 

16 

significant defense costs, fines, penalties and liability to private parties and governmental entities for monetary recoveries and other amounts and attorneys’ fees and/or require us to
change aspects of our operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Tax matters could
adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous
foreign jurisdictions. Our effective income tax rate and future tax liability could be adversely affected by numerous factors including the results of tax audits and examinations, income before taxes being lower than anticipated in countries with
lower statutory income tax rates and higher than anticipated in countries with higher statutory income tax rates, changes in income tax rates, changes in transfer pricing, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in
U.S. tax legislation and regulation, changes in foreign tax laws, regulations and treaties, exposure to additional tax liabilities, changes in accounting principles and interpretations relating to tax matters, which could adversely impact our
results of operations and financial condition in future periods. 

We are subject to the continuous examination of our tax returns and
reports by federal, state and local tax authorities in the U.S. and foreign countries, and the examining authorities may challenge positions we take. We are engaged in various proceedings with such authorities and in court with respect to
assessments, claims, deficiencies and refunds. We regularly assess the likely outcomes of these proceedings to determine the adequacy and appropriateness of our provision for income taxes, and increase and decrease our provision as a result of these
assessments. However, the actual results of proceedings as the result of rulings by or settlements with tax authorities and courts or due to changes in facts, law or legal interpretations, expiration of applicable statutes of limitations or other
resolutions of tax positions could differ from the amounts we have accrued for such proceedings in either a positive or a negative manner, which could materially affect our effective income tax rate in a given financial period, the amount of taxes
we are required to pay and our results of operations. 

In addition, we are subject to tax audits and examinations for payroll, value
added, sales- based and other taxes relating to our businesses. 

Our real estate leases generally obligate us for long periods, which subjects us to
various financial risks. 

We lease virtually all of our store locations, generally for long terms, and either own or lease for long
periods our primary distribution centers and administrative offices. Accordingly, we are subject to the risks associated with leasing and owning real estate, which can have a material adverse effect on our results, for example, as has been reflected
in our reserve for former operations. While we have the right to terminate some of our leases under specified conditions by making specified payments, we may not be able to terminate a particular lease if or when we would like to do so. If we decide
to close stores, we are generally required to continue to perform obligations under the applicable leases, which generally includes, among other things, paying rent and operating expenses for the balance of the lease term, or paying to exercise
rights to terminate, and the performance of any of these obligations may be expensive. When we assign or sublease leases, we can remain liable on the lease obligations if the assignee or sublessee does not perform. In addition, when leases for the
stores in our ongoing operations expire, we may be unable to negotiate renewals, either on commercially acceptable terms or at all, which could cause us to close stores. 

We depend upon strong cash flows from our operations to supply capital to fund our expansion, operations, interest and debt repayments, stock repurchases and dividends. 

Our business depends upon our operations to generate strong cash flow, and to some extent upon the availability of financing sources, to supply
capital to fund our expansions, general operating activities, stock repurchases, dividends, interest and debt repayments. Our inability to continue to generate sufficient cash flows to support these activities, to access cash across our
international operations or the lack of availability of financing in adequate amounts and on appropriate terms when needed could adversely affect our financial performance including our earnings per share.