The statements in this Section describe the major risks to our
business and should be considered carefully. In addition, these
statements constitute our cautionary statements under the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

6

Table of Contents

Our disclosure and analysis in this 2005
Form 10-K and in
our 2005 Annual Report to Shareholders contain some
forward-looking statements, including some of the statements
made under Item 1, “Business,” Item 7,
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations,” and Item 8,
“Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” and in
our 2005 Annual Report to Stockholders under “Letter to
Shareholders” and “Financial Graphs.” From time
to time, we also provide forward-looking statements in other
materials we release to the public as well as oral
forward-looking statements. Such statements give our current
expectations or forecasts of future events; they do not relate
strictly to historical or current facts. We have generally
identified such statements by using words such as
“anticipate,” “estimate,”
“expect,” “project,” “intend,”
“plan,” “believe,” “will,”
“target,” “forecast” and similar expressions
in connection with any discussion of future operating or
financial performance. All statements that address activities,
events or developments that we intend, expect or believe may
occur in the future are forward-looking statements. In
particular, these include statements relating to future actions,
future performance or results of current and anticipated sales,
expenses, interest rates, foreign exchange rates, the outcome of
contingencies, such as legal proceedings, and financial results.

We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be
realized. Achievement of future results is subject to risks,
uncertainties and potentially inaccurate assumptions. Should
known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should
underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could
differ materially from past results and those anticipated,
estimated or projected. You should bear this in mind as you
consider forward-looking statements.

We undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise. You are advised, however, to consult any
further disclosures we make on related subjects in our
Form 10-Q
and 
8-K reports to
the SEC. The risks that follow, individually or in the
aggregate, are those that we think could cause our actual
results to differ materially from those stated or implied in
forward-looking statements. You should understand that it is not
possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently,
you should not consider the following to be a complete
discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties.

Our revenue growth could be adversely affected if we do not
continue to expand our operations successfully.

TJX has rapidly expanded the number of chains and stores it
operates and its selling square footage. Our revenue growth is
dependent upon our ability to continue to expand successfully
through new store openings as well as our ability to increase
same store sales. Successful store growth requires selection of
store locations in appropriate geographies, availability of
attractive stores or store sites in such locations and
negotiation of acceptable terms. Competition for desirable sites
and increases in real estate, construction and development costs
could limit our growth opportunities. Even if we succeed in
opening new stores, these new stores may not achieve the same
sales or profit levels as our existing stores. Further,
expansion places demands upon us to manage rapid growth, and we
may not do so successfully.

We may have difficulty extending our off-price model in new
product lines, chains and geographic regions.

TJX has expanded its original off-price model into different
product lines, chains, geographic areas and countries.
TJX’s growth is dependent upon our ability to successfully
execute our off-price retail apparel and home fashions concepts
in new markets and geographic regions. If the Company is unable
to successfully execute its concepts in these new markets and
regions, or if consumers there are not receptive to the
concepts, TJX’s financial performance could be adversely
affected.

If we fail to execute our opportunistic buying and inventory
management well, our business could be adversely affected.

TJX purchases the majority of our inventory opportunistically
with our buyers purchasing close to need. To drive traffic to
the stores and to increase same store sales, the treasure hunt
nature of the off-price buying experience requires continued
replenishment of fresh high quality, attractively priced
merchandise. While opportunistic buying enables our buyers to
buy at the right time and price, in the quantities we need and
into market trends, it places considerable discretion in our
buyers, subjecting us to risks on the timing, quantity and
nature of inventory flowing to the stores. We rely on our
expansive distribution infrastructure to support delivering
goods to our stores on time. We must effectively and timely
distribute inventory to stores, maintain an appropriate mix and
level of inventory and effectively manage

7

Table of Contents

pricing and markdowns. Failure to acquire and manage our
inventory well and to operate our distribution infrastructure
effectively, can adversely affect our performance and our
relationship with our customers.

Our success depends upon our marketing, advertising and
promotional efforts. If we are unable to implement them
successfully, or if our competitors are more effective than we
are, our revenue may be adversely affected.

We use marketing and promotional programs to attract customers
to our stores and to encourage purchases by our customers. We
use various media for our promotional efforts, including print,
television, database marketing and direct marketing. If we fail
to choose the appropriate medium for our efforts, or fail to
implement and execute new marketing opportunities, our
competitors may be able to attract some of our customers and
cause them to decrease purchases in our stores and increase
purchases elsewhere, which might negatively impact our revenues.
Changes in the amount and degree of promotional intensity or
merchandising strategy by our competitors could cause TJX to
have difficulties in retaining existing customers and attracting
new customers.

Unseasonable weather in the markets in which our stores
operate could adversely affect our operating results.

Customers’ willingness to shop and their demand for the
merchandise in our stores is affected by adverse and
unseasonable weather. Frequent or unusually heavy snow, ice or
rain storms, severe cold or heat or extended periods of
unseasonable temperatures in our markets could adversely affect
our sales and increase markdowns.

We operate in highly competitive markets, and we may not be
able to compete effectively.

The retail business is highly competitive. TJX competes for
customers, associates, locations, merchandise, services and
other important aspects of its business with many other local,
regional, national and international retailers. TJX also faces
competition from alternative retail distribution channels such
as catalogues and internet sites. Changes in the merchandising,
pricing and promotional activities of those competitors and in
the retail industry generally, may adversely affect our
performance.

If we do not attract and retain quality sales, distribution
center and other associates in large numbers as well as
experienced buying and management personnel, our performance
could be adversely affected.

TJX’s performance is dependent on recruiting, developing,
training and retaining quality sales, distribution center and
other associates in large numbers as well as experienced buying
and management personnel. Many of our associates are in entry
level or part-time positions with historically high rates of
turnover. TJX’s ability to meet our labor needs while
controlling costs is subject to external factors such as
unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, minimum wage
legislation and changing demographics. In the event of
increasing wage rates, if we do not increase our wages
competitively, our customer service could suffer because of a
declining quality of our workforce, or our earnings would
decrease if we increase our wage rates. In addition, certain
associates in our distribution centers are members of unions and
therefore subject us to the risk of labor actions. Further, our
off-price model limits the market for experienced buying and
management personnel and requires us to do significant internal
training and development. Changes that adversely impact
TJX’s ability to attract and retain quality associates and
management personnel could adversely affect our performance.

If we engage in mergers or acquisitions of new businesses, or
divest any of our current businesses, our business will be
subject to additional risks.

We have used mergers and acquisitions to grow our business in
the past. For example, in 2003, we completed the acquisition of
Bob’s Stores. Integrating new stores and concepts can be a
difficult task. We may consider attractive opportunities to
acquire new businesses or to divest any of our current business
segment. Acquisition or divestiture activities may divert
attention of our executive management team away from the
existing businesses. We may do a less than optimal job of due
diligence or evaluation of target companies. Failure to execute
on mergers or divestitures in a satisfactory manner could have
an adverse effect on our future business prospects or our
financial performance in the future.

8

Table of Contents

If we are unable to operate information systems and implement
new technologies effectively, our business could be disrupted or
our sales or profitability could be reduced.

The efficient operation of our business is dependent on our
information systems, including our ability to operate them
effectively and successfully to implement new technologies,
systems, controls and adequate disaster recovery systems. In
addition, we must protect the confidentiality of our and our
customers’ data. The failure of TJX’s information
systems to perform as designed or our failure to implement and
operate them effectively could disrupt our business or subject
us to liability and thereby harm our profitability.

We expect to continue to depend upon strong cash flows from
our operations to support capital expansion, operations, debt
repayment and our stock repurchase program.

TJX’s business is dependent upon its operations generating
strong cash flows to support our capital expansion requirements,
our general operating activities and our stock repurchase
programs and to fund debt repayment and the availability of
financing sources. Our inability to continue to generate
sufficient cash flows to support these activities or the lack of
availability of financing in adequate amounts and on appropriate
terms could adversely affect our financial performance or our
earnings per share growth.

Consumer spending is adversely affected by general economic
factors that are beyond our control, which could adversely
affect our sales and operating results.

Interest rates; recession; inflation; deflation; consumer credit
availability; consumer debt levels; energy costs; tax rates and
policy; unemployment trends; the threat or possibility of war,
terrorism or other global or national unrest; political or
financial instability; and other general economic factors have
significant effects on consumer confidence and spending, which
in turn affect retail sales at TJX. General economic factors in
the United States and in other countries where we operate are
beyond our control and could adversely affect our sales and
performance.

We are subject to import risks, including potential
disruptions in supply, changes in duties, tariffs, quotas and
voluntary export restrictions on imported merchandise, strikes
and other events affecting delivery; and economic, political or
other problems in countries from or through which merchandise is
imported.

Many of the products sold in our stores are sourced by our
vendors and to a limited extent by us in many foreign countries.
Political or financial instability, trade restrictions, tariffs,
currency exchange rates, transport capacity and costs and other
factors relating to international trade are beyond our control
and could affect the availability and the price of our inventory.

Our expanding international operations expose us to risks
inherent in foreign operations.

We have a significant presence in Canada, the United Kingdom and
Ireland. We may also seek to expand into other international
markets in the future. Our foreign operations encounter risks
similar to those faced by our U.S. operations, as well as
risks inherent in foreign operations, such as local customs and
competitive conditions and foreign currency fluctuations, which
could have an adverse impact on our worldwide profitability.

Changes in laws and regulations and accounting rules and
principles could negatively affect our business operations and
financial performance.

Various aspects of TJX’s operations are subject to federal,
state or local laws, rules and regulations, any of which may
change from time to time. Generally accepted accounting
principles may change from time to time, as well. Additionally,
TJX is frequently involved in various litigation matters that
arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation, regulatory
developments and changes in accounting rules and principles
could adversely affect TJX’s business operations and
financial performance.

9

Table of Contents

We maintain internal controls over financial reporting, but
they cannot provide absolute assurance that there will not be
material errors in our financial reporting.

TJX maintains a system of internal controls over financial
reporting, but there are limitations inherent in internal
control systems. If we are unable to maintain adequate and
effective internal control over financial reporting, TJX’s
financial performance could be adversely affected. A control
system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide
only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of
the control system are met. In addition, the design of a control
system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
and the benefit of controls must be appropriate relative to
their costs.