Investing in our Class A common stock involves substantial risks. You should carefully consider the following factors, together with all of the other information included in this Annual Report, including under the heading “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report before investing in our Class A common stock. Any of the risk factors we describe below could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. The market price of our Class A common stock could decline if one or more of these risks or uncertainties develop into actual events, causing you to lose all or part of your investment. We cannot assure you that any of the events discussed below will not occur. Please also see “Forward-Looking Statements” for more information.

Risks Related to Our Business

Our ability to generate revenue from discretionary and corporate spending on events, such as corporate sponsorships and advertising, is subject to many factors, including many that are beyond our control, such as general macroeconomic conditions.

Our business depends on discretionary consumer and corporate spending. Many factors related to corporate spending and discretionary consumer spending, including economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income such as unemployment levels, fuel prices, interest rates, changes in tax rates, tax laws that impact companies or individuals, and inflation, can significantly impact our operating results. While consumer and corporate spending may decline at any time for reasons beyond our control, the risks associated with our businesses become more acute in periods of a slowing economy or recession, which may be accompanied by reductions in corporate sponsorships and advertising, decreases in attendance at live events, and decreases in consumer spending on merchandising, among other things. There can be no assurance that consumer and corporate spending will not be adversely impacted by economic and geopolitical conditions, or by any future deterioration in economic conditions, thereby possibly impacting our operating results and growth. A prolonged period of reduced consumer or corporate spending, such as those that occurred during the COVID-19 pandemic, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We depend on key relationships with television and cable networks, satellite providers, digital streaming partners and other distribution partners. Our failure to maintain, renew or replace key agreements could adversely affect our ability to distribute our media content, and/or other of our goods and services, which could adversely affect our operating results
.

A key component of our success is our relationships with television and cable networks, satellite providers, digital streaming and other distribution partners. We are dependent on maintaining these existing relationships and expanding upon them so that we have a robust network with which we can work to arrange multimedia rights sales, including distribution of our events and media content. Our television programming for our events is distributed by television and cable networks, satellite providers, pay-per-view (“PPV”), digital

16

Table of Contents

streaming, and other media. Because a large portion of our revenues are generated, directly and indirectly, from the distribution of our events, any failure to maintain or renew arrangements with distributors and platforms, the failure of distributors or platforms to continue to provide services to us, or the failure to enter into new distribution opportunities on terms favorable to us could adversely affect our business. We regularly engage in negotiations relating to substantial agreements covering the distribution of our content by carriers located in the United States and abroad. We have agreements with multiple PPV providers globally and distribute a portion of our events through PPV, including certain events that are sold exclusively through PPV. We have important relationships with (i) Paramount, as the exclusive distributor for all UFC Numbered Events and UFC Fight Nights throughout the U.S. and Latin America and as exclusive distributor of UFC Fight Nights in Australia, as well as the exclusive distributor of Zuffa Boxing throughout the U.S. and distributor of certain PBR programming, (ii) ESPN as the exclusive distributor for all WWE PLEs in the U.S., (iii) Netflix as the exclusive global home for 
RAW
 (and, as rights become available globally, distribution for all WWE content outside the U.S., including premium live events) and other WWE library content, (iv) USA Network as the exclusive distributor for 
SmackDown
 in the U.S., (v) The CW, which carries 
NXT
 on its cable network stations, and (vi) Peacock as the exclusive distributor of WWE 
Saturday Night’s Main Event
 in the U.S. Our agreement with Netflix relating to WWE has an initial 10-year term, with an option for Netflix to extend for an additional 10 years and to opt out after the initial five years. Our failure to maintain the Netflix agreement, including through Netflix exercising its opt-out rights, could adversely affect our ability to distribute WWE content, which could adversely affect our operating results.

These relationships are expected to continue to constitute a significant percentage of our revenues. No assurances can be provided as to the outcome of any negotiations with these partners. If we are unable to maintain our agreements, renew existing agreements or find alternative streaming or distribution partners on at least as favorable terms, if at all, our results of operations could be adversely impacted.

T
here is also no guarantee that the growth in value of sports media licensing rights in the recent years will continue or can be maintained or that the current value of our sports media licensing rights will not diminish over time. Any adverse change in these relationships or agreements, including as a result of U.S., European Union and United Kingdom trade and economic sanctions and any counter-sanctions enacted by such sanctioned countries (e.g., Russia), or a deterioration in the perceived value of our partnerships or these distribution channels, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We may not be able to adapt to or manage new content distribution platforms or changes in consumer behavior resulting from new technologies.

The manner in which audio/media content is distributed and viewed is constantly changing, and consumers have increasing options to access entertainment video. Changes in technology require resources including personnel, capital and operating expenses. Conversely, technology changes have also decreased the cost of video production and distribution for certain programmers (such as through social media), which lowers the barriers to entry and increases the competition for viewership and revenues. We must successfully adapt to and manage technological advances in our industry, including the emergence of alternative distribution platforms. If we are unable to adopt or are late in adopting technological changes and innovations, it may lead to a loss of consumers viewing our content, a reduction in revenues from attendance at our live events, a loss of ticket sales, or lower site fee revenue. Our ability to effectively generate revenue from new content distribution platforms and viewing technologies could affect our ability to maintain and grow our business. Emerging forms of content distribution may provide different economic models and compete with current distribution methods (such as television, film, and PPV) in ways that are not entirely predictable, which could reduce consumer demand for our content offerings. Additionally, the use of artificial intelligence (AI) technologies in content creation, marketing, and distribution is evolving, and our ability to successfully utilize such technologies is uncertain. Although we are evaluating the use of AI technologies in our operations, we face competition from other companies in our industry in relation to the deployment of such technologies. If we fail to successfully implement these technologies, or if our competitors more rapidly or effectively adopt these technologies, we may be at a competitive disadvantage which could have a materially adverse impact on our operating results, customer relationships, and growth.

We must also adapt to changing consumer behavior driven by advances that allow for time shifting and on-demand viewing, such as digital video recorders and video-on-demand, as well as Internet-based and broadband content delivery and mobile devices. Cable and broadcast television distribution constitutes a large part of our revenues. The number of subscribers and ratings of television networks and advertising revenues in general have been impacted by viewers moving to alternative media content providers, a process known as “cord cutting” and “cord shaving”. Developments in technology may have added, and may continue to add, to this shift as consumers’ expectations relative to the availability of video content on demand, their willingness to pay to access content and their tolerance for commercial interruptions evolve. Many well-funded digital companies (such as Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Hulu, Netflix and YouTube) have been competing with the traditional television business model and, while it has been widely reported that they are paying significant amounts for media content, it is not clear that these digital distributors will replace the importance (in terms of money paid for content, viewer penetration, and other factors) of television distribution to media content owners such as WWE and UFC. Our media partners’ businesses are affected by their sale of advertising and subscriptions for their services. If they are unable to sell advertising and/or subscriptions either with regard to WWE and UFC programming specifically or all of their programming generally, it could adversely affect our operating results. If we fail to adapt our distribution methods and content to emerging technologies and new distribution platforms, while also effectively preventing digital piracy and the dilution of the value of our content resulting from the creation of similar or fake content on artificial intelligence applications, our ability to generate revenue from our targeted audiences may decline and could result in an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

17

Table of Contents

We may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the Endeavor Asset Acquisition.

On February 28, 2025, we completed the Endeavor Asset Acquisition. The success of the Endeavor Asset Acquisition depends on, among other things, our ability to integrate the transferred businesses in a manner that realizes the various benefits, growth opportunities and synergies that we have identified. Our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the Endeavor Asset Acquisition is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties.

Because our success depends substantially on our ability to maintain a professional reputation, adverse publicity concerning us, or our key personnel could adversely affect our business.

Our professional reputation is essential to our continued success and any decrease in the quality of our reputation could impair our ability to, among other things, recruit and retain qualified and experienced personnel, or enter into multimedia, licensing, and partnership engagements. Our overall reputation may be negatively impacted by a number of factors, including negative publicity concerning us, members of our management or other key personnel or the athletes that participate in our events. Many athletes that participate in our events are public personalities with large social media followings whose actions generate significant publicity and public interest. Any adverse publicity relating to such individuals or individuals that we employ or previously employed or have a contractual relationship with, or that otherwise occur at our locations or events, including from reported or actual incidents or allegations of illegal or improper conduct, such as harassment, discrimination, or other misconduct, have resulted and may in the future result in significant media attention, even if not directly relating to or involving us, and could have a negative impact on our professional reputation. This could result in termination of media rights agreements, licensing, sponsorships or other contractual relationships, or our ability to attract new partnerships or other business relationships, or the loss or termination of such employees’ or contractors’ services, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

The markets in which we operate are highly competitive, rapidly changing and increasingly fragmented, both within the United States and internationally, and we may not be able to compete effectively, which could adversely affect our operating results.

We face competition from a variety of other domestic and foreign companies. We also face competition from alternative providers of the content and events that we offer. For UFC, these providers include, but are not limited to, M-1 Global, Professional Fighters League, Combate Global, Invicta FC, Cage Warriors, AMC Fight Nights, ONE Championship, Rizin Fighting Federation, Absolute Championship Akhmat, Pancrase, Caged Steel, Eagle Fighting Championship, KSW, Extreme Fighting Championship, and Legacy Fighting Alliance. For WWE, these providers include, but are not limited to, All Elite Wrestling, Impact Wrestling, Ring of Honor, New Japan Pro-Wrestling, and Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre. Additionally, competition exists from other forms of media, entertainment and leisure activities in a rapidly changing and increasingly fragmented environment. Other new and existing professional wrestling leagues also compete with our goods and services. For the sale of our consumer products, we compete with entertainment companies, professional and college sports leagues and other makers of branded apparel and merchandise. Any increased competition, which may not be foreseeable, or our failure to adequately address any competitive factors, could result in reduced demand for our content, live events, or brand, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We depend on the continued services of executive management and other key employees. The loss or diminished performance of these individuals could adversely affect our business.

Our performance is substantially dependent on the continued services of executive management and other key employees. In addition, following the completion of the Endeavor Take-Private, we have continued to utilize Endeavor's services and expect to do so for a specified period of time. We cannot be sure that any adverse effect on Endeavor’s business would not also have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, members of our or Endeavor’s executive management may not remain with Endeavor or us and may compete with us in the future. The loss of any member of our executive management team could impair our ability to execute our business plan and growth strategy, have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, or cause employee morale problems or the loss of additional key employees.

Changes in public and consumer tastes and preferences and industry trends could reduce demand for our content offerings and adversely affect our business.

Our ability to generate revenues is highly sensitive to rapidly changing consumer preferences and industry trends, as well as the popularity of our brand, events, and the athletes that participate in our events. Our success depends on our ability to offer premium content through popular channels of distribution that meet the changing preferences of the broad consumer market and respond to competition from an expanding array of choices facilitated by technological developments in the delivery of content. Our operations and revenues are affected by consumer tastes and entertainment trends, including the market demand for the distribution rights to live events, which are unpredictable and may be affected by factors such as changes in the social and political climate, global epidemics or general macroeconomic factors. Changes in consumers’ tastes or a change in the perceptions of our brand and business partners, whether as a result of the social and political climate or otherwise, could adversely affect our operating results. Our failure to avoid a negative

18

Table of Contents

perception among consumers, or anticipate and respond to changes in consumer preferences, could result in reduced demand for our events and content offerings, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Consumer tastes change frequently, and it can be challenging to anticipate what offerings will be successful at any point in time. We may invest in our content and events before learning the extent to which we will achieve popularity with consumers. A lack of popularity of our content offerings, as well as labor disputes, unavailability of a star athlete, cost overruns, disputes with production teams, or severe weather conditions, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Owning and managing events for which we sell media and partnership rights, ticketing and hospitality exposes us to greater financial risk. Additionally, we may be prohibited from promoting and conducting our live events if we do not comply with applicable regulations. If our live events are not financially successful, our business could be adversely affected.

We act as a principal by owning and managing live events for which we sell media and partnership rights, ticketing and hospitality. Organizing and operating a live event involves significant financial risk as we bear all or most event costs, including a significant amount of up-front costs. In addition, we typically book our live events many months in advance of holding the event and often incur expenses prior to receiving any related revenue. Accordingly, if a planned event fails to occur or there is any disruption in our ability to live stream or otherwise distribute, whether as a result of technical difficulties or otherwise, we could lose a substantial amount of these costs, fail to generate the anticipated revenue, and could be forced to issue refunds for ticket or PPV sales and generate lower than expected media rights, partnership and licensing fees. If we are forced to postpone a planned event, we could incur substantial additional costs in order to stage the event on a new date, may have reduced attendance and revenue, and may have to refund fees. We could be compelled to cancel or postpone all or part of an event for many reasons, including severe weather conditions, issues with obtaining permits or government regulation, athletes failing to participate, as well as operational challenges caused by extraordinary incidents, such as terrorist or other security incidents, mass-casualty incidents, natural disasters, public health concerns including pandemics, or similar events. Such incidents have been shown to cause a nationwide and global disruption of commercial and leisure activities.

In the United States and foreign jurisdictions, athletic commissions and other applicable regulatory agencies require us to obtain licenses for promoters, medical clearances and/or other permits or licenses for performers and/or permits for events in order for us to promote and conduct our live events. Foreign jurisdictions require visas for personnel and talent at international live events. In international markets, third-party promoters generally oversee permitting and regulatory matters. In the event that we fail to comply with the regulations of a particular jurisdiction, whether through our acts or omissions or those of our third-party promoters, we may be prohibited from promoting and conducting our live events in that jurisdiction. The inability to present our live events in jurisdiction(s), in addition to the lost revenues and expenses of the missed event(s), could lead to a decline in various revenue streams in such jurisdiction(s).

We often have cancellation insurance policies in place to cover a portion of our losses if we are compelled to cancel an event, but our coverage may not be sufficient, may no longer cover a pandemic and is subject to deductibles. If the live events that we own and manage are not financially successful, we could suffer an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our business and operating results may be affected by the outcome of pending and future litigation, investigations, claims and other disputes.

We have in the past and may in the future be subject to legal proceedings, claims and other disputes (see Note 21, 
Commitments and Contingencies
, to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report). Our results may be affected by the outcome of any such pending and future litigation, investigations, claims and other disputes. Unfavorable rulings in our legal proceedings could result in material liability to us or have a negative impact on our reputation or relations with our employees or third parties. The outcome of litigation, including class action lawsuits, is inherently uncertain and is difficult to assess or quantify. Plaintiffs in class action lawsuits may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to such lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. If we are unable to resolve these or other matters favorably, our business, operating results, and our financial condition may be adversely affected.

In addition, we are currently, and from time to time in the future may be, subject to various other claims, investigations, legal and administrative cases and proceedings (whether civil or criminal), or lawsuits by governmental agencies or private parties. In addition, allegations against or improper conduct by current or former employees, contractors or partners could damage our reputation and/or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines. If the results of these investigations, claims, allegations, investigations, proceedings, or suits are unfavorable to us or if we are unable to successfully defend against third-party lawsuits, we may be required to pay monetary damages or may be subject to fines, penalties, injunctions, or other censure that could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Even if we adequately address the issues raised by an investigation or proceeding or successfully defend a third-party lawsuit or counterclaim, we may have to devote significant financial and management resources to address these issues, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In addition, publicity from these matters could negatively impact our business, reputation and competitive position and reduce investor demand for our Class A common stock and negatively impact the trading price of such stock.

19

Table of Contents

The special committee of independent members of WWE’s Board of Directors’ investigation into allegations of misconduct by Vincent McMahon, and any further allegations, claims or investigations may have an adverse financial and operational impact on our business performance.

On June 17, 2022, WWE and its then Board of Directors announced that a special committee of independent members of its Board of Directors (the “Special Committee”) was formed to investigate alleged misconduct by WWE’s then-Chief Executive Officer, Vincent K. McMahon. On July 22, 2022, Mr. McMahon resigned from all positions held with WWE but remained a stockholder with a controlling interest. On January 9, 2023, WWE’s Board of Directors elected Mr. McMahon as Executive Chairman thereto, and Mr. McMahon subsequently returned to WWE.

On July 25, 2022, based on the findings of the Special Committee investigation, WWE announced that it had determined that certain payments that Mr. McMahon agreed to make during the period from 2006 through 2022 (including amounts paid and payable in the future totaling $14.6 million) were not appropriately recorded as expenses in WWE’s consolidated financial statements. WWE subsequently identified two additional payments totaling $5.0 million unrelated to the alleged misconduct by Mr. McMahon that led to the Special Committee investigation, that Mr. McMahon made in 2007 and 2009 that were not appropriately recorded as expenses in WWE’s consolidated financial statements. Together, these unrecorded expenses total $19.6 million (the “Unrecorded Expenses”). All payments underlying the Unrecorded Expenses have been paid by Mr. McMahon personally. WWE determined that, while the amount of Unrecorded Expenses was not material in any individual period in which the Unrecorded Expenses arose, the aggregate amount of Unrecorded Expenses would be material if recorded entirely when identified in the second quarter of 2022. Accordingly, WWE revised its previously issued financial statements to record the Unrecorded Expenses in the applicable periods for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, as well as the first quarter of 2021 and 2022. In light of the Unrecorded Expenses and related facts, WWE concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was not effective as a result of one or more material weaknesses. On January 10, 2025, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission settled charges against Mr. McMahon for failing to disclose certain agreements related to the Unrecorded Expenses to WWE’s Board of Directors, legal department, accountants, financial reporting personnel, or auditor, and in so doing, circumventing WWE’s system of internal accounting controls and causing material misstatements in WWE’s 2018 and 2021 financial statements. Although the Special Committee investigation was completed and, in January 2024, Mr. McMahon resigned from his position as Executive Chair and member of TKO’s Board of Directors, as well as other positions, employment and otherwise, at TKO and its subsidiaries, WWE has received, and the Company may receive in the future, regulatory, investigative and enforcement inquiries, subpoenas, demands, claims and/or complaints arising from, related to, or in connection with these matters or in connection with new claims or allegations. For example, on January 25, 2024, a former WWE employee filed a lawsuit against WWE, Mr. McMahon and another former WWE executive in the United States District Court for the District of Connecticut alleging, among other things, that she was sexually assaulted by Mr. McMahon and asserting claims under the Trafficking Victims Protection Act.

Subsequent to WWE’s restatement for the Unrecorded Expenses, WWE was informed of certain additional claims, which have been settled by Mr. McMahon. WWE recorded an additional $11.1 million of expenses related to these additional claims prior to the closing of the TKO Transactions. Following the closing of the TKO Transactions, the Company recorded an additional $3.5 million of expenses during the year ended December 31, 2023 related to these additional claims. Mr. McMahon has made all related payments personally.

Professional costs resulting from WWE’s Special Committee’s investigation and/or related claims have been significant and are expected to continue to be significant as the Company continues to incur costs arising from ongoing and/or potentially new regulatory, investigative and enforcement inquiries, subpoenas, and demands, claims and/or lawsuits. We expect Mr. McMahon to reimburse the Company for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with the investigation and related matters. For further information on related party transactions between Mr. McMahon and the Company, see Note 22, 
Related Party Transactions
, to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Although we are not aware that significant business has been lost to date, it is possible that a change in the perceptions of our business partners could occur as a result of the investigation or other matters described above. In addition, as a result of the investigation, other matters described above or new claims or allegations, certain other operational changes, including without limitation other personnel changes, have occurred and may continue to occur in the future, which may have adverse financial and operational impacts on our business. Any adverse impacts as a result of the investigation and related matters, and any further allegations or investigations, could exacerbate any of the risks described herein.

The impact of global pandemics or other health crises could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our operations and events could be impacted by restrictions resulting from global pandemics or other health crises. We will assess and respond to any such pandemics or health crises, including by abiding by any new government-imposed restrictions, market by market. We are unable to accurately predict the ultimate impact any global pandemics or other health crises will have on our operations going forward due to the aforementioned uncertainties.

20

Table of Contents

Our key personnel, athletes and performers may be adversely impacted by immigration restrictions and related factors.

Our ability to retain our key personnel is impacted, at least in part, by the fact that a portion of our key personnel in the United States are comprised of foreign nationals who are not United States citizens. Similarly, some of our athletes and performers are foreign nationals who are not United States citizens. In order to be legally allowed to work or compete in the United States, these individuals generally hold non-immigrant visas (which may or may not be tied to us) or green cards, the latter of which makes them permanent residents in the United States.

The ability of these foreign nationals to remain and work or compete in the United States is impacted by a variety of laws, regulations and executive orders, as well as the processing procedures of various government agencies. Changes in applicable laws, regulations, executive orders or procedures could adversely affect our ability to hire or retain these key personnel or sponsor athletes and performers who are not United States citizens and could affect our costs of doing business. In addition, if the laws, rules or procedures governing the ability of foreign nationals to work or compete in the United States were to change or if the number of visas available for foreign nationals permitted to work in the United States were to be reduced, our business could be adversely affected, if, for example, we are unable to retain an employee or sponsor an athlete or performer who is a foreign national as a result.

Corresponding issues apply with respect to our key personnel and performers working, and athletes competing, in countries outside of the United States relating to citizenship and work authorizations. Similar changes in applicable laws, regulations, executive orders or procedures in those countries could adversely affect our ability to hire or retain key personnel or sponsor athletes and performers internationally.

Our business is international in nature and may require employees, contractors, athletes and performers that participate in our events to frequently travel or live abroad. The ability of our key personnel, contractors and the athletes and performers that participate in our events to travel internationally for their work or to participate in our events is impacted by a variety of laws and regulations, policy considerations of foreign governments, the processing procedures of various government agencies and geopolitical actions, including war and terrorism (for example, the conflicts in Eastern Europe and the Middle East), severe weather events or natural disasters including earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, as well as pandemics. In addition, our production of live events internationally subjects us to the numerous risks involved in foreign travel and operations and also subjects us to local norms and regulations, including regulations requiring us to obtain visas for our key personnel and, in some cases, contractors, athletes and performers that participate in our events. Actions by athletes and performers that are out of our control may also result in certain countries barring them from traveling internationally, which could adversely affect our business. If our key personnel, contractors, athletes and performers that participate in our events were prevented from conducting their work internationally for any reason, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our failure to continue to build and maintain our entertainment properties could adversely affect our operating results.

We must continue to build and maintain our strong brand identities to attract and retain fans who have a number of entertainment choices. The creation, marketing and distribution of live events and programming content that our fans value and enjoy is at the core of our business. The production of compelling live, televised and streamed content is critical to our ability to generate revenues across our media platforms and product outlets. Also important are effective consumer communications, such as marketing, customer service and public relations. The role of social media use by fans and by us is an important factor in our brand perception. If our efforts to create compelling services and goods and/or otherwise promote and maintain our properties, services and merchandise are not successful, our ability to attract and retain fans may be adversely affected. Such a result would likely lead to a decline in our television ratings, attendance at our live events, and/or otherwise impact our sales of goods and services, which would adversely affect our operating results.

Our failure to retain or continue to discover key athletes and performers could lead to a decline in the appeal of our events, our storylines and the popularity of its brand of entertainment, which could adversely affect its operating results.

Our success depends, in large part, upon our ability to identify, discover and retain athletes and athletic performers who have the physical ability and presence or charisma to succeed in our live events, programming content and, with respect to WWE, the portrayal of characters in our live events and programming. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to continue to identify these athletes and performers. Additionally, throughout our history, athletes and performers from time to time have stopped participating in our events for any number of reasons, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to retain our current athletes and performers either during the terms of their contracts or when their contracts expire. Our failure to attract and retain key athletes and performers, an increase in the costs required to attract and retain such athletes and performers, or a serious or untimely injury to, or the death of, or unexpected or premature loss or retirement for any reason of, any of our key athletes or performers could lead to a decline in the popularity of our brand of entertainment and events. Any of the foregoing issues could adversely affect our operating results.

21

Table of Contents

Failure to protect our IT Systems and Confidential Information against breakdowns, security breaches, and other cybersecurity risks could result in financial penalties, legal liability, and/or reputational harm, which would adversely affect our business,

results of operations, and financial condition.

We rely on hardware, software, technology infrastructure, online sites and networks, and various computer systems (such as our information systems, content distribution systems, ticketing systems, and payment processing systems) (collectively, “IT Systems”), to conduct our business. We also rely on the technology systems of third parties (including Paramount+, Netflix, ESPN, and Peacock) with which we partner in our operations. Some IT Systems used in our operations are legacy IT systems from businesses we have acquired, which may remain separately managed from other IT Systems of our business, may be difficult to integrate with other portions of our business in the future, or may require additional resources to maintain in a secure and functional manner. We own and manage some of these IT Systems but generally rely on third parties for a range of IT Systems and related products and services, including but not limited to cloud computing services, payment processing, and ticketing services. We and certain of our third-party providers use these IT Systems to collect, maintain and process data about employees, consumers, event participants, business partners and others, including personal information, as well as proprietary information belonging to our business such as trade secrets (collectively, “Confidential Information”). Any of these IT Systems and Confidential Information are vulnerable to service interruptions, security breaches, and other cybersecurity risks that threaten their confidentiality, integrity and availability, including as a result of inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees, partners, and vendors, or from attacks by threat actors or other malicious third parties. Such attacks are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication and are made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives and expertise, including organized criminal groups, “hacktivists,” state-sponsored organizations, and others. For instance, we may be subject to boycotts, spam, spyware, ransomware, phishing and social engineering, viruses, worms, malware, DDOS attacks, password attacks, man-in-the-middle attacks, cybersquatting, impersonation of employees or officers, abuse of comments and message boards, fake reviews, doxing, and swatting. We are also vulnerable to the risk of malicious code being embedded in open-source software, or misconfigurations, “bugs” or other vulnerabilities in commercial software that is integrated into our (or our suppliers’ or service providers’) IT Systems, products or services. Cyberattacks are expected to accelerate on a global basis in frequency and magnitude, and the techniques and tools (including artificial intelligence) used to breach security safeguards, circumvent security controls, evade detection and remove forensic evidence are evolving rapidly. As a result, cyberattacks may be difficult to detect for an extended period of time, and the measures we take to safeguard our technology may not adequately prevent them.

There can be no assurance that our investments in information technology and our efforts to protect our Confidential Information and that of our other business relationships will prevent service interruptions, security breaches, and other cybersecurity risks in our IT Systems or the unauthorized or inadvertent wrongful use or disclosure of such Confidential Information. There can also be no assurance that our cybersecurity risk management program and processes, including our policies, controls or procedures, will be fully implemented, complied with or effective in protecting our IT Systems and Confidential Information, including where acquired entities are involved or being integrated. Moreover, because we make extensive use of third party suppliers and service providers, such as cloud services that support our internal and external-facing operations, successful cyberattacks that disrupt or result in unauthorized access to third party IT Systems can materially impact our operations and financial results. We and certain of our third-party providers have experienced cyberattacks and other security incidents, and we expect such attacks and incidents to continue to occur in varying degrees. While to date no incidents have had a material impact on our operations or financial results, we cannot guarantee that material incidents will not occur in the future.

Our insurance policies covering data security, privacy liability, and cyber-attacks may not be adequate to cover losses arising from incidents, or they may not be available to us in the future on economically reasonable terms or at all. We would also be exposed to a risk of loss or litigation (including class action lawsuits) and potential liability under laws, regulations and contracts that protect the privacy and security of confidential or personal information. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (collectively, the “CCPA”) imposes a private right of action for certain security breaches that could lead to some form of remedy including regulatory scrutiny, fines, private right of action settlements, and other consequences. As a further example, where a security incident involves a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, personal data in respect of which we are a controller or processor under the GDPR (as defined below), this could result in fines under the EU GDPR (as defined below), the UK GDPR (as defined below), and other European cyber-security laws, which can be substantial and may be assessed based on a percentage of revenue. 
Laws and regulations around cybersecurity, including Directive (EU) 2022/2555 or the NIS 2 Directive, continue to expand the scope of, and impose onerous requirements on, covered entities. 
We also may be required to notify regulators and/or other companies we are contractually obligated to notify about any actual or suspected personal data breach as well as the individuals who are affected by the incident within strict time periods. Complying with ever more numerous and complex regulations in the event of a security incident can be expensive and difficult and failure to comply with notification requirements under applicable regulations could subject us to regulatory scrutiny and additional liability.

Remote and hybrid working arrangements at our company (and at many third-party providers) increase cybersecurity risks due to the challenges associated with managing remote computing assets and security vulnerabilities that are present in many non-corporate and home networks. We rely on technology at live events, the failure or unavailability of which, for any significant period of time, could affect our business, reputation and the success of our live events. We also rely on technology to provide our digital offerings, live

22

Table of Contents

streaming, and virtual events, which may be vulnerable to hacking, denial of service attacks, human error and other unanticipated problems or events that could result in interruptions in our service and to unauthorized access to, or alteration of, the content and data contained on our IT Systems and those of our third-party vendors. Interruptions in these IT Systems, or with the internet in general, whether due to fault by any party or due to weather, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, power loss or other force majeure type events, could make our content unavailable or degraded. These service disruptions or failures could be prolonged. Delivery of video programming over the internet is done through a series of carriers with switch-overs between carriers. Video content on demand and television delivery is extremely complex and includes satellite, fiberoptic cable, over-the-air delivery and other means. Any point of failure in this distribution chain would cause a disruption or degradation of our signal. Service disruption or degradation for any of the foregoing reasons could diminish the overall attractiveness of our content or subject us to individual or class action claims. We do not carry insurance that would cover us in the event of many types of business interruption that could occur.

Any adverse impact to the availability, integrity or confidentiality of our IT Systems or Confidential Information, or any breach of security, could result in decreased performance and increased operating costs (including refunds to impacted end users), legal claims or proceedings (including class action lawsuits), fines and penalties, regulatory scrutiny, and significant incident response, system restoration or remediation and future compliance costs, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, reputation and results of operations.

Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential customer information could harm our business and standing with our customers.

We seek to protect Confidential Information in part, by entering into nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to such information, such as our employees, collaborators, contractors, consultants, advisors and other third parties. However, we cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with each party that may have or has had access to our Confidential Information or proprietary technology, information and processes. Further, despite these efforts, no assurance can be given that these agreements will be effective in controlling access to and distribution of our products and Confidential Information as any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our Confidential Information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches.

Prosecuting a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret or confidential information is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts within and outside of the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, our competitive position could be materially and adversely harmed.

Failure to comply with evolving federal, state, and foreign laws relating to the handling of personal information and digital content could result in financial and other regulatory penalties, legal liability, and/or reputational harm, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Our business operations involve the collection, transfer, use, disclosure, storage, disposal and other processing of personal or sensitive information around the world, including the United States and the United Kingdom and the European Economic Area (“EEA”). We collect, store, transmit, and use personal information relating to, among others, our employees, consumers, and event participants. As a result, our business is subject to complex and continually evolving (and at times conflicting) U.S. (federal, state and local) and international laws and regulations regarding data privacy and data protection. Many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation and could result in claims, changes to our business practices, penalties, increased cost of operations, or otherwise harm our business.

For example, in Europe, member states have adopted or modified data privacy and security laws and regulations that may apply to our business, such as the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 and applicable national supplementing laws (“EU GDPR”) and in the United Kingdom, the United Kingdom data protection regime consisting primarily of the U.K. General Data Protection Regulation and Data Protection Act of 2018 (“UK GDPR”, and together with the EU GDPR, the “GDPR”). The GDPR imposes comprehensive data privacy compliance obligations and creates requirements for in-scope businesses regarding the processing of personal data, broadly defined as information relating to an identifiable person including a principle of accountability and the obligation to demonstrate compliance through policies, procedures, training and audit. 
EU 
member states also have some flexibility to supplement the GDPR with their own laws and regulations and may apply stricter requirements for certain data processing activities. As a result of the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union, the UK GDPR will not automatically incorporate any future changes made to the EU GDPR (which would need to be specifically incorporated by the United Kingdom government). Moreover, the United Kingdom government has publicly announced plans to reform the UK GDPR in ways that, if formalized, are likely to deviate from the EU GDPR in certain areas, which creates a risk of divergent parallel regimes and related uncertainty, along with the potential for increased compliance costs and risks for affected businesses. We are monitoring such developments and the impact this may have on our business.

23

Table of Contents

Under the GDPR, and other privacy regimes globally, we are subject to rules regarding cross-border transfers of personal data. Recent legal developments in Europe have created complexity and uncertainty regarding transfers of personal data from the EEA and United Kingdom to the U.S. and other jurisdictions. For example, in 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union invalidated the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework, under which personal data could be transferred from the EEA to relevant self-certified U.S. entities, and further noted that reliance on the standard contractual clauses alone (a standard, non-negotiable form of contract approved by the European Commission) may not necessarily be sufficient in all circumstances and that transfers must be assessed on a case-by-case basis. Subsequent European court and regulatory decisions have taken a restrictive approach to international data transfers. The UK regulator has adopted a similar approach to data export outside of the UK and, in 2022, the international data transfer agreement and the international data transfer addendum to the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses for international data transfers came into force. The UK regulator also recommends, consistent with the European Commission approach, a documented transfer risk assessment is undertaken.

We currently rely on the standard contractual clauses 
issued by the EU Commission and the UK government 
as well as other data sharing agreements to legitimize transfers of personal information outside the EEA and the UK, including to the United States. A replacement for the Privacy Shield Framework, the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, became effective in 2023; however, this framework is already facing challenges similar to those that resulted in the invalidation of the Privacy Shield Framework. We expect the existing legal complexity and uncertainty regarding international data transfers to continue. As supervisory authorities within the EEA issue further guidance on international data transfers under the GDPR, and as enforcement actions continue, we could suffer additional costs, complaints and/or regulatory investigations or fines, and/or it could affect our operations and the manner in which we provide our services (for example, we may have to stop using certain tools and vendors and make other operational changes). In particular, given the complexity and constantly evolving nature of our cross-border data transfers, safeguards to remain in compliance with the standard contractual clauses will need to be updated over time to fully legitimize our data transfers, and a failure to do so could result in enforcement action from regulators. Although the United Kingdom currently has an adequacy decision from the European Commission, such that standard contractual clauses are not required for the transfer of personal data from the EEA to the UK, that decision will sunset in December 2031 unless extended and it may be revoked in the future by the European Commission if the UK data protection regime is reformed in ways that deviate substantially from the EU GDPR. There can be no assurances that we will be successful in our efforts to comply with the GDPR or other privacy and data protection laws and regulations, or that violations will not occur, particularly given the complexity of both these laws and our business, as well as the uncertainties that accompany new laws and the inconsistencies between these various regulatory regimes. In addition, cloud service providers upon which our services depend are experiencing heightened scrutiny from EU regulators, which may lead to significant shifts or unavailability of cloud services to transfer personal information outside the EU, which may significantly impact our costs or ability to operate.

We monitor the regulatory, judicial and legislative environment and have invested in addressing these developments. These new laws may require us to make additional changes to our practices and services to enable us or our customers to meet the new legal requirements, and may also increase our potential liability exposure through new or higher potential penalties for noncompliance. As an example, the Digital Services Act (“DSA”) in the EU came into force in November 2022 and the majority of its substantive provisions took effect in February 2024. The DSA imposes new obligations around illegal services or content that may be hosted through our services, traceability of business users, and enhanced transparency measures, and failure to comply can result in fines of up to 6% of total annual worldwide turnover. Another example, is the EU’s Data Act, which creates a regulatory framework to govern the sharing, use and re-use of internet of product-generated data and imposes, among other obligations, certain requirements concerning cross-border international transfers of, and governmental access to, non-personal data outside the EEA. Depending on how this Act and any similar laws are implemented and interpreted, we may have to adapt our business practices, and contractual arrangements to comply with such obligations.

In addition, in recent years, in the United States certain states have adopted or modified data privacy and security laws and regulations that may apply to our business. For example, the CCPA requires businesses that process the personal information of California residents to among other things provide certain disclosures to California residents regarding the business’s collection, use and disclosure of their personal information; receive and respond to requests from California residents to access, delete, and correct their personal information, and opt-out of certain disclosures of their personal information; and enter into specific contractual provisions with service providers that process California resident personal information on the business’s behalf. The effects of this legislation are far-reaching and have required and may continue to require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur significant costs and expenses in an effort to comply. The enactment of the CCPA has also prompted a wave of similar data privacy laws in other states across the United States. For example, since the CCPA went into effect, general data privacy statutes that share similarities with the CCPA are now in effect and enforceable in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Texas, Montana, Oregon, Delaware, Iowa, New Hampshire, Nebraska, Kentucky, Indiana, Rhode Island, Minnesota, Tennessee, Maryland, and New Jersey, and will soon be enforceable in several other states as well. Similar laws have been proposed in many other states and at the federal level as well. Recent, new, and proposed state and federal legislation relating to data privacy may add additional complexity, variation in requirements, restrictions and potential legal risk, require additional compliance programs, could impact strategies and availability of previously useful information, and could result in increased compliance costs and/or changes in business practices and policies.

24

Table of Contents

Besides the UK, EEA and the United States, our global reach means we may be or become subject to other privacy regimes, and new laws are being enacted regularly, including laws which may have potentially conflicting requirements that would make compliance challenging. If the trend of increasing enforcement of such laws by regulators as reflected in recent guidance and decisions continues, this could lead to substantial costs, require significant systems changes, limit the effectiveness of our marketing activities, divert the attention of our technology personnel, adversely affect our margins, increase costs and subject us to additional liabilities. For example, UFC operates a UFC Performance Institute, among other significant operations, in China. As such, we may be subject to various aspects of the country’s onerous data compliance regime, which can include the Cybersecurity Law, the Data Security Law and the Personal Information Protection Law (“PIPL”). In addition, the relevant government authorities of China promulgated several regulations or released a number of draft regulations for public comments that are designed to provide further implementation guidance in accordance with these laws. We cannot predict what impact the new laws and regulations or the increased costs of compliance, if any, will have on our operations in China, in particular the Data Security Law or PIPL, due to their recent enactment and the limited guidance available. It is also generally unclear how the laws will be interpreted and enforced in practice by the relevant government authorities as these laws are drafted broadly and, thus, leave great discretion to the relevant government authorities to exercise.

Further, we are subject to laws, regulations and standards in the United States covering marketing, advertising, cookies, tracking technologies, e-marketing, and other activities conducted by telephone, email, mobile devices and the internet, such as the Federal Communications Act, the Federal Wiretap Act, the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act, the Video Privacy Protection Act (the “VPPA”), and similar state consumer protection and communication privacy laws. Numerous class-action suits under federal and state laws have been filed in recent years against companies who conduct telemarketing and/or SMS texting programs, with many resulting in multi-million-dollar settlements to the plaintiffs. We have received one or more claims of violation of the VPPA, though none resulting in significant liability or expense.

Finally, regulation of cookies and similar technologies, and any use of cookies or similar online tracking technologies as a means to identify and potentially target users, may lead to broader restrictions and impairments on our marketing and personalization activities and may negatively impact our efforts to better understand users. Recent U.S. and European court and regulator decisions are driving increased attention to cookies and tracking technologies and privacy activists are referring allegedly non-compliant companies to regulators. In the EU and the UK, informed consent is required for the placement of certain cookies or similar technologies on a customer’s or user’s device and for direct electronic marketing. The GDPR also imposes conditions on obtaining valid consent, such as a prohibition on pre-checked consents and a requirement to ensure separate consents are sought for each type of cookie or similar technology. Regulators are increasingly focusing on strict compliance with current national laws that implement the EU's ePrivacy Directive. If the trend of increasing enforcement by regulators including opt-in consent for all but essential use cases, as seen in recent guidance and decisions continues, this could lead to substantial costs, require significant systems changes, limit the effectiveness of our marketing activities, divert the attention of our technology personnel, adversely affect our margins, and subject us to additional liabilities.

The effects of any applicable U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations, and international laws and regulations that are currently in effect or that may go into effect in the future, are significant (and penalties for non-compliance may be assessed based on a percentage of global revenue) and may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and potential liability in an effort to comply with such laws and regulations. Responding to allegations of non-compliance, whether or not true, could be costly, time consuming, distracting to management, and cause reputational harm. In addition to government regulation, privacy advocates and industry groups may propose new and different self-regulatory standards. Because the interpretation and application of privacy and data protection laws are still uncertain, it is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with one another or inconsistent with our existing data management practices or the features of our products and services. Any actual or perceived failure to comply with these and other data protection and privacy laws and regulations could result in regulatory scrutiny and increased exposure to the risks of litigation (including class action lawsuits) or the imposition of consent orders, enforcement notices, assessment notices (for a compulsory audit), resolution agreements, orders to cease/change our processing of personal data, requirements to take particular actions with respect to training, policies or other activities, and civil and criminal penalties, including fines, which could harm our business. In addition, we or our third-party service providers could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our products and services, which could harm our or our third-party service providers’ businesses. Any of the foregoing could result in additional cost and liability to us, damage our reputation, inhibit sales, and harm our business.

We may be unable to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights, which could enable others to copy or use aspects of our intellectual property rights without compensating us, which may substantially harm our business and operating results.

Our brands and logos along with our premium content and television footage are essential to our success and competitive position. We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, patents, trade secrets and contractual provisions to establish and protect our intellectual property rights in the jurisdictions where we operate.

We have invested significant resources in clearing, registering and maintaining trademarks associated with our properties including, but not limited to, “UFC,” “OCTAGON,” “ULTIMATE FIGHTING CHAMPIONSHIP,” “AS REAL AS IT GETS,”

25

Table of Contents

“ULTIMATE FIGHTER,” “ZUFFA BOXING,” “ZBXG,” “WWE,” “RAW,” “SMACKDOWN,” “NXT,” “WRESTLEMANIA,” “WRESTLEPALOOZA”, “IMG”, “ON LOCATION,” “PBR,” and “PROFESSIONAL BULL RIDERS” as well as the UFC and WWE logos, the two dimensional octagon shape, and the names and logos of WWE Superstars, in an attempt to obtain and protect our properties and their public recognition. During intellectual property registration proceedings, we may receive rejections of our applications by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, United States Copyright Office or equivalent authorities in other foreign jurisdictions. Although we would be given an opportunity to respond to those rejections, we may be unable to overcome such rejections and, consequently, may be unable to obtain sufficient protection for certain trademarks and other intellectual property in certain jurisdictions where we operate. Further, our intellectual property rights may be challenged, opposed, and/or invalidated by third parties or such rights may not be sufficient to provide a meaningful commercial competitive advantage. If we fail to secure intellectual property rights or maintain our intellectual property rights, competitors might be able to use our brands or other intellectual property, which may have adverse financial and operational impacts on our business.

If we are unable to adequately maintain or protect our intellectual property rights, we may lose an important competitive advantage in the markets where we operate, which may have adverse financial and operational impacts on our business. In particular, the laws of certain foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights in the same manner as do the laws of the United States and, accordingly, our intellectual property rights are at greater risk in such countries even where we take additional steps to protect our intellectual property. We cannot guarantee that the available legal steps we have taken, and take in the ordinary course of business, to reasonably protect our intellectual property will be successful in all jurisdictions, or predict whether these steps will be adequate to prevent infringement or misappropriation of these rights. In addition, we may be required to forgo protections or rights to technology, data or intellectual property in order to operate in or access markets in foreign jurisdictions. Any such direct or indirect loss of rights in these assets may have adverse financial and operational impacts on our business.

We may license our trademarks and trade names to third parties, such as distributors, consumer product licensees and corporate partners. Although these license agreements may provide guidelines for how our trademarks and trade names may be used, a breach of these agreements or misuse of our trademarks and trade names by our licensees may affect our rights in or diminish the goodwill associated with our trademarks and trade names.

Our efforts to clear, police, enforce or protect our proprietary rights and intellectual property rights, including those related to trademarks, trade names, and service marks may be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and which, if material, may have adverse financial and operational impacts on our business. Policing unauthorized use and other violations of our intellectual property is difficult and costly, particularly given our global scope. Our technology, data and intellectual property are subject to a heightened risk of theft, unauthorized use or compromise to the extent that we engage in operations outside the United States, particularly in those jurisdictions that do not have comparable levels of protection of proprietary information and assets, such as trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, know-how and customer information and records. The unauthorized use of intellectual property in the sports and sports entertainment industry generally continues to be a significant challenge for intellectual property rights holders. Piracy, in particular, threatens to damage our business as piracy services are subject to rapid global growth. The success of our streaming video solutions with respect to both live and video-on-demand content (e.g., UFC FIGHT PASS) is directly threatened by the availability and use of pirated alternatives, which we may not detect, or be able to prevent or take down in real time, including the streaming of our events on social media and other platforms. The value that streaming services are willing to pay for content that we develop may be reduced if piracy prevents these services from realizing adequate revenues. The value individual consumers are willing to pay for content that we develop may be reduced if piracy presents a sufficiently compelling consumer proposition. These activities could result in lost revenue and a reduction in the value of our media rights which may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operation, financial condition and prospects.

Further, we may seek to oppose, cancel and/or invalidate a third party’s attempt to register or otherwise protect its intellectual property rights if we deem such intellectual property is not eligible for protection or if such intellectual property infringes, dilutes, misappropriates or otherwise violates our intellectual property rights, but we may be unsuccessful in doing so or may cease such efforts if we believe that proceeding would require us to expend more resources than is commercially reasonable.

We may be subject to intellectual property rights claims by third parties, which are costly to defend, could require us to pay significant damages and could limit our ability to use our intellectual property.

From time to time, in the ordinary course of our business, we become involved in litigation or disputes with third parties related to intellectual property. Any litigation or dispute involving the scope or enforceability of our intellectual property rights or any allegation that we infringe, misappropriate, violate or dilute the intellectual property rights of others, regardless of the merit of these claims, could be costly and time-consuming.

If any infringement or other intellectual property claim made against us by any third party is successful or if we are required to indemnify a third party with respect to such a claim, we may be required to, or decide to, cease use of one of our brands or other intellectual property, rebrand, or expend additional resources to obtain non-infringing intellectual property (such as through a license). Such license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, or may be nonexclusive, thereby giving our competitors and other third parties access to the same intellectual property rights licensed to us, which could result in harm to our competitive

26

Table of Contents

position and could adversely affect our business and financial condition. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments related to our intellectual property, and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have an adverse effect on our valuation and business. Any adverse ruling or perception of an adverse ruling in defending our intellectual property rights could have an adverse impact on our business and financial condition or ability to engage in certain business activities. Such litigation or proceedings could increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities and future sales, marketing and distribution activities. If we are found to infringe, misappropriate, dilute or otherwise violate a third party’s intellectual property rights, and we are unsuccessful in demonstrating that such rights are invalid or unenforceable, we may be required to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys’ fees for willful infringement, or pay substantial royalties and other fees.

As a result of our operations in international markets, we are subject to risks associated with the legislative, judicial, accounting, regulatory, political and economic risks and conditions specific to such markets.

We operate in various jurisdictions abroad, including through joint ventures, and we expect to continue to expand our international presence. We face, and expect to continue to face, and may face new and unexpected additional risks in the case of our existing and future international operations, including:

•
political instability, adverse changes in diplomatic relations and unfavorable economic conditions in the markets in which we have international operations or into which it may expand; 

•
more restrictive or otherwise unfavorable government regulation of the entertainment, sports and sports betting industries, which could result in increased compliance costs or otherwise restrict the manner in which we operate and the amount of related fees we are able to charge; 

•
limitations on the scope, strength, of intellectual property ownership, and ability to enforce intellectual property rights; 

•
enhanced difficulties of integrating any foreign acquisitions; 

•
limitations on the ability of foreign subsidiaries to repatriate profits or otherwise remit earnings; 

•
adverse tax consequences; 

•
less sophisticated legal systems in some foreign countries, which could impair our ability to enforce our contractual rights in those countries; 

•
limitations on technology infrastructure; 

•
variability in venue security standards and accepted practices; and 

•
difficulties in managing operations due to distance, language and cultural differences, including issues associated with (i) business practices and customs that are common in certain foreign countries but might be prohibited by U.S. law and our internal policies and procedures and (ii) management and operational systems and infrastructures, including internal financial control and reporting systems and functions, staffing and managing of foreign operations, which we might not be able to do effectively or on a cost efficient basis. 

If our goodwill or intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings.

We review our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually as of October 1 and at any time upon the occurrence of certain events or substantive changes in circumstances that indicate the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Additionally, we assess if impairment indicators exist related to finite-lived intangible assets at each reporting period within our asset groups. To the extent an event occurs suggesting that an asset group’s carrying amount is not recoverable, an impairment assessment is performed. If such goodwill or intangible assets are deemed to be impaired, an impairment loss equal to the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the assets would be recognized. Adverse impacts to our business could result in impairments and significant charges to earnings.

Participants and spectators in connection with our live events are subject to potential injuries and accidents, which could subject us to personal injury or other claims and increase our expenses, as well as reduce attendance at our live events, causing a decrease in our revenue.

We hold numerous live events each year. This schedule exposes our athletes, performers and employees who are involved in the production of those events to the risk of travel and performance-related accidents. There are inherent risks to participants and spectators involved with producing, attending, or participating in live events. Injuries and accidents have occurred and may occur from time to time in the future, which could subject us to substantial claims and liabilities for injuries. Incidents in connection with our live events at any of our venues or venues that we rent could also result in claims or a reduction in operating income or attendance at our events, causing a decrease in our revenues. There can be no assurance that the insurance we maintain will be adequate to cover any potential losses given the wider litigation environment.

27

Table of Contents

The physical nature of many of our live events exposes the athletes and performers that participate to the risk of serious injury or death. These injuries could include concussions, and many sports leagues and organizations have been sued by athletes over alleged long-term neurocognitive impairment arising from concussions. Although the participants in our events, as independent contractors, are responsible for maintaining their own health, disability and life insurance, we may provide coverage under our accident insurance and event insurance policies, if available, or our general liability insurance policies, for injuries that athletes incur while competing. To the extent such injuries are not covered by our policies, we may self-insure medical costs for athletes for such injuries. In certain states, notably California and New York, legislative changes have been enacted or are contemplated that draw into question our ability to treat our talent as independent contractors in those states. The impact to us of these initiatives is unknown. If ultimately required, worker’s compensation insurance for our talent or other aspects of their treatment as employees in those states could add expense to, or otherwise alter, our operations, which could affect our business, financial condition and/or results of operations. Liability to us resulting from any death or serious injury, including concussions, sustained by athletes or performers while competing or performing, to the extent not covered by our insurance, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results.

We are subject to extensive U.S. and foreign governmental regulations, and our failure to comply with these regulations could adversely affect our business.

Our operations are subject to federal, state and local laws, statutes, rules, regulations, policies, and procedures in the United States and around the world, which are subject to change at any time, governing matters such as:

•
licensing laws for athletes and laws and regulations regarding the promotion and operation of MMA and boxing events; 

•
licensing laws for the supply of sports betting data and other related products to gambling operators; 

•
licensing, permitting and zoning requirements for operation of our offices, locations, venues, and other facilities; 

•
health, safety, and sanitation requirements; 

•
the service of food and alcoholic beverages; 

•
working conditions, labor, minimum wage and hour, citizenship, immigration, visas, harassment and discrimination, and other labor and employment related considerations; 

•
human rights and human trafficking, including compliance with the U.K. Modern Slavery Act and similar current and future legislation; 

•
employment of youth workers and compliance with child labor laws; 

•
compliance with the U.S. Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and the U.K.’s Disability Discrimination Act 1995; 

•
compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the “FCPA”), the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 (the “Bribery Act”) and similar regulations in other countries; 

•
compliance with applicable antitrust and fair competition laws; 

•
compliance with international trade controls, including applicable import/export regulations, and sanctions and international embargoes that may limit or prohibit our ability to do business with specific individuals or entities or in specific countries or territories; 

•
compliance with anti-money laundering and countering terrorist financing rules, currency control regulations, and statutes prohibiting tax evasion and the aiding or abetting of tax evasion; 

•
marketing activities, including the placement of gambling-related advertising at and around MMA events; 

•
environmental protection regulations; 

•
compliance with current and future privacy and data protection laws imposing requirements for the collecting, processing, storing and protection of personal or sensitive information, including the Federal Trade Commission Act, the CCPA and other state privacy laws, the GDPR, the PIPL and the E.U. e-Privacy Regulation; 

•
compliance with cybersecurity laws imposing country-specific requirements relating to information systems and network design, security, operations, and use; 

•
tax laws; and 

•
imposition by foreign countries of trade restrictions, restrictions on the manner in which content is currently licensed and distributed, ownership restrictions, or currency exchange controls. 

Noncompliance with these laws could subject us to whistleblower complaints, investigations, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, other enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, significant fines, damages, other civil and criminal penalties or injunctions,

28

Table of Contents

reputational harm, adverse media coverage, and other collateral consequences. Multiple or repeated failures by us to comply with these laws and regulations could result in increased fines or proceedings against us, including suspension or revocation proceedings relating to licenses we are required to maintain to conduct our business. If any subpoenas are issued or investigations are launched, or governmental or other sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially harmed. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a materially significant diversion of management’s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other professional fees. Enforcement actions and sanctions could further harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. There can be no assurance that a law or regulation will not be interpreted or enforced in a manner contrary to our current understanding. In addition, the promulgation of new laws, rules, and regulations could restrict or unfavorably impact our business, which could decrease demand for our events or content, reduce revenue, increase costs, or subject us to additional liabilities. For example, some legislatures have proposed laws in the past that would impose potential liability on us and other promoters and producers of live events for incidents that occur at their events, particularly relating to drugs and alcohol.

In the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions, we may have direct and indirect interactions with government agencies and state-affiliated entities in the ordinary course of our business. In particular, athletic commissions and other applicable regulatory agencies require us to obtain licenses for promoters, medical clearances, licenses for athletes, or permits for events in order for us to promote and conduct our live events and productions. In the event that we fail to comply with the regulations of a particular jurisdiction, whether through our acts or omissions or those of third parties, we may be prohibited from promoting and conducting our live events and productions in that jurisdiction. The inability to present our live events and productions in jurisdictions could lead to a decline in various revenue streams in such jurisdictions, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We are subject to the FCPA and other anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in countries outside of the United States in which we conduct our activities. The FCPA generally prohibits companies and their intermediaries from making, promising, authorizing or offering improper payments or other things of value to foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, directing business to any person, or securing any improper business advantage. The FCPA also requires U.S. issuers to make and keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of the corporation and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. Other countries in which we operate also have anti-bribery laws, some of which prohibit improper payments to government and non-government persons and entities. We operate in a number of countries which are considered to be at a heightened risk for corruption. Additionally, we operate adjacent to industry segments, such as sports marketing, that have been the subject of past anti-corruption enforcement efforts. As a global company, a risk exists that our employees, contractors, agents, managers, or other business partners or representatives could engage in business practices prohibited by applicable U.S. laws and regulations, such as the FCPA, as well as the laws and regulations of other countries prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials and others, such as the Bribery Act. There can be no guarantee that our compliance programs will prevent corrupt business practices by one or more of our employees, contractors, agents, managers, or vendors, or that regulators in the U.S. or in other markets will view our program as adequate should any such issue arise. Any actual or alleged violation of the FCPA or other applicable anti-corruption laws could result in whistleblower complaints, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, enforcement actions, fines, damages, adverse media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, severe criminal or civil sanctions, or in the case of the FCPA, suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracts, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, as well as our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Responding to any investigation or action would also likely result in a materially significant diversion of management’s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other professional fees. In addition, the U.S. government may seek to hold us liable for successor liability for FCPA violations committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire.

We are also required to comply with trade and economic sanctions laws imposed by the United States or by other jurisdictions where we do business, which may restrict our transactions in certain markets, and with certain customers, business partners, and other persons and entities. As a result, we may be prohibited from, directly or indirectly (including through a third-party intermediary), procuring goods, services, or technology from, or engaging in transactions with, individuals and entities subject to sanctions, including sanctions arising from the conflict involving Russia, Belarus and Ukraine. We cannot guarantee that our efforts to remain in compliance with sanctions requirements will be successful. Any violation of sanctions laws could result in fines, civil and criminal sanctions against us or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business (e.g., debarment from doing business with International Development Banks and similar organizations), and damage to our reputation, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Changes in the regulatory atmosphere and related private sector initiatives could adversely affect our businesses.

Production of video programming by independent producers is generally not directly regulated by the federal or state governments in the United States. 
SmackDown
 is currently televised on Versant’s USA Network, and starting in 2026, certain UFC events will be simulcast on the CBS broadcast network as part of the Paramount+ agreement. Certain of our other programming is distributed on-demand via cable and satellite operators. We are responsible, directly or indirectly, for compliance with certain additional FCC regulations and statutory requirements applicable to programming distributed over television broadcast stations, cable and satellite, as well as for certain of our programming distributed via online platforms that has been televised via broadcast television, cable or satellite.

29

Table of Contents

Any failure to remain in compliance with these requirements could expose us to substantial costs and adverse publicity which could impact our operating results. Changes in FCC regulations, and the ongoing reallocation of satellite spectrum for “5G” next generation wireless broadband use, could impact the availability of satellite transmission spectrum for video programming distribution, which could increase the transmission costs of certain of our programming and/or affect transmission quality and reliability. The markets for programming in the United States and internationally may be substantially affected by existing or future government regulations applicable to, as well as social and political influences on, television stations and networks. We voluntarily designate the suitability of our programs using standard industry ratings. Domestic and foreign governmental and private-sector initiatives relating to the production and distribution of video programming are announced from time to time. Compliance by our licensees with these initiatives and/or their noncompliance of governmental policies could restrict our program distribution and adversely affect our levels of viewership, result in adverse publicity and/or otherwise impact our operating results.

We have a substantial amount of indebtedness, which could adversely affect our business, and we cannot be certain that additional financing will be available on reasonable terms when required, or at all.

As of December 31, 2025, we had an aggregate of $3.7 billion outstanding indebtedness under the Credit Facilities, with the ability to borrow approximately $205 million more pursuant to the Revolving Credit Facility. On the Endeavor Take-Private closing date, Endeavor entered into, and incurred indebtedness under, a new credit agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A as administrative agent (the “Endeavor Credit Agreement”). While we are not a party to the Endeavor Credit Agreement and, as such, are not a guarantor or obligor of the indebtedness and therefore under no circumstances will the Endeavor Credit Agreement indebtedness be payable by us, Endeavor has designated us as a restricted subsidiary under the Endeavor Credit Agreement. As a result, certain of our corporate actions may impact Endeavor's compliance with the covenants under the Endeavor Credit Agreement.

If we cannot generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service our indebtedness, we may need to refinance our debt, dispose of assets or issue equity to obtain necessary funds. Additionally, our credit rating has in the past and may in the future be downgraded. Moreover, any change in Endeavor's credit rating could impact our credit rating. We do not know whether we will be able to take any of these actions on a timely basis, on terms satisfactory to us or at all.

Our substantial indebtedness could:

•
require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on its indebtedness, thereby reducing funds available for working capital, capital expenditures or other purposes; 

•
require us to refinance in order to accommodate the maturity of the term loans under the Credit Facilities in 2031; 

•
increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions, which could lead to a downgrade in our credit rating and may place us at a disadvantage compared to competitors who may have proportionally less indebtedness; 

•
increase our cost of borrowing and cause us to incur substantial fees from time to time in connection with debt amendments or refinancings; and 

•
limit our ability to obtain necessary additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures or other purposes in the future, plan for or react to changes in our business and the industries in which we operate, make future acquisitions or pursue other business opportunities, and react in an extended economic downturn. 

Despite this substantial indebtedness, we may still have the ability to incur significantly more debt. The incurrence of additional debt could increase the risks associated with this substantial leverage, including our ability to service this indebtedness. In addition, because borrowings under our Credit Facilities bear interest at a variable rate, our interest expense could increase, exacerbating these risks. The Federal Reserve from time to time raises interest rates to combat the effects of recent high inflation. Increases in these rates may increase our interest expense. Further increases in interest rates and interest expense could impact the Company’s ability to service its indebtedness, increase borrowing costs in the future and reduce our funds available for operations and other purposes. Based on the outstanding indebtedness under our Credit Facilities as of December 31, 2025, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates would have resulted in an approximately $37 million increase in annual interest expense.

From time to time, we may need additional financing, whether in connection with our capital improvements, acquisitions, or otherwise. Our ability to obtain additional financing, if and when required, will depend on investor demand, our operating performance, the condition of the capital markets and other factors. For example, if borrowings available under the Credit Facilities are insufficient or unavailable at a reasonable cost, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives to raise cash, such as incurring additional indebtedness, selling our assets, seeking to raise additional equity capital, or restructuring, which alternatives may not be available to us on favorable terms when required, or at all. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Restrictive covenants applicable to the Credit Facilities may restrict our ability to pursue our business strategies.

The credit agreements governing the terms of the Credit Facilities are expected to restrict, among other things, asset dispositions, mergers and acquisitions, dividends, stock repurchases and redemptions, other restricted payments, indebtedness, loans and investments,

30

Table of Contents

liens, and affiliate transactions. Additionally, while we are not a party to the Endeavor Credit Agreement and, as such, are not a guarantor or obligor of the indebtedness thereunder and therefore under no circumstances will the Endeavor Credit Agreement indebtedness be payable by us, Endeavor has designated us as a restricted subsidiary under the Endeavor Credit Agreement. As a result, certain of our corporate actions, including an event of default under the Credit Facilities, may impact Endeavor’s compliance with the covenants under the Endeavor Credit Agreement. It is possible that we may forgo taking certain corporate actions to the extent it would cause Endeavor to be in breach of the covenants under the Endeavor Credit Agreement. Such a breach by Endeavor under the Endeavor Credit Agreement would not result in a breach by TKO under the Credit Facilities. The Credit Facilities and the Endeavor Credit Facilities also each contain customary events of default, including upon a change in control. These covenants, among other things, limit our ability to fund future working capital needs and capital expenditures, engage in future acquisitions or development activities, or otherwise realize the value of our assets and opportunities fully. Such covenants could limit the flexibility of our subsidiaries in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the sports and entertainment industries. Our ability to comply with these covenants is subject to certain events outside of our control. Additionally, we may in the future need to amend or obtain waivers to our existing covenants and cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain those amendments or waivers on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to comply with these covenants, the lenders under the Credit Facilities could terminate their commitments and accelerate repayment of our outstanding borrowings, which also may result in the acceleration of or default under any other debt we may incur in the future to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. If such an acceleration were to occur, we may be unable to obtain adequate refinancing indebtedness for our outstanding borrowings on favorable terms, or at all. We have pledged a significant portion of our assets as collateral under the Credit Facilities. If we are unable to repay our outstanding borrowings when due, the lenders under the Credit Facilities will also have the right to proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the indebtedness owed to them, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. If Endeavor is unable to comply with the covenants applicable to the Endeavor Credit Facilities, the lenders thereunder could take similar actions against Endeavor as available to lenders under our Credit Facilities, such as accelerating the repayment of borrowings thereunder. In the event Endeavor’s lenders accelerate the repayment of the borrowings outstanding under the Endeavor Credit Agreement, Endeavor may not have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness. Such events could have a material adverse impact on Endeavor's business, which in turn could negatively impact our business.

We will require a significant amount of cash to service our indebtedness. The ability to generate cash or refinance our indebtedness as it becomes due depends on many factors, some of which are beyond our control.

Our ability to make payments on, or to refinance our obligations under, our indebtedness will depend on future operating performance and on economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors, including factors relating to Endeavor. Many of these factors are beyond our control. Our consolidated cash balance also includes cash from other consolidated non-wholly owned entities. These entities may have restrictions on their ability to distribute cash to the rest of the company, including under the terms of applicable operating agreements or debt agreements, which may require the approval of certain third parties based on the timing and amount of distribution. It cannot be assured that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness or to fund our other needs. In order for us to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, we must continue to execute our business strategy. If we are unable to do so, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity.

Our accounts receivable relate principally to a limited number of distributors, licensees, and other partners increasing our exposure to bad debts and counter-party risk which could potentially have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

Substantial portions of our accounts receivable are from distributors of our programming; hosts/promoters of our live events; and licensees who produce consumer products utilizing our brands and other intellectual property. The concentration of our accounts receivable across a limited number of parties subjects us to individual counter-party and credit risk as these parties may breach our agreement, claim that we have breached the agreement, become insolvent and/or declare bankruptcy, delaying or reducing our collection of receivables or rendering collection impossible altogether. Certain of the parties are located overseas which may make collection efforts more difficult (including due to increased legal uncertainty) and, at times, collections may be economically unfeasible. Adverse changes in general economic conditions and/or contraction in global credit markets could precipitate liquidity problems among our debtors. This could increase our exposure to losses from bad debts and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We could be subject to union-organizing and labor disruption, which could adversely affect our business.

Though our businesses are not subject to collective bargaining agreements, our businesses may be interrupted as a result of labor disputes by outside unions, or internal efforts, attempting to unionize one or more groups of employees. There have also been efforts to organize the athletes that participate in our events. A work stoppage or other labor disruption at one or more of our operated venues or at our promoted events could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We cannot predict the effect that a potential work stoppage or other labor disruption would have on our business.

We may face labor shortages that could slow our growth.

31

Table of Contents

The successful operation of our business depends upon our ability to attract, motivate, and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees. Shortages of labor may make it increasingly difficult and expensive to attract, train, and retain the services of a satisfactory number of qualified employees and could adversely impact our events and productions. Competition for qualified employees could require us to pay higher wages, which could result in higher labor costs and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We also rely on contingent workers in order to staff our live events and productions, and our failure to manage our use of such workers effectively could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We could potentially face various legal claims from contingent workers in the future, including claims based on new laws or stemming from allegations that contingent workers or employees are misclassified. We may be subject to shortages, oversupply, or fixed contractual terms relating to contingent workers. Our ability to manage the size of, and costs associated with, the contingent workforce may be subject to additional constraints imposed by local laws.

Exchange rates may cause fluctuations in our results of operations.

Because we derive revenues from our international operations, we may incur currency translation losses or gains due to changes in the values of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. Dollar. We cannot, however, predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations upon future operating results. Although we cannot predict the future relationship between the U.S. Dollar and the currencies used by our international businesses, principally the British Pound, we experienced a foreign exchange rate net loss of $13.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2025.

Costs associated with obtaining, and our ability to obtain, sufficient levels and types of insurance relevant to our businesses could adversely affect our business.

As a result of heightened concerns and challenges regarding property, casualty, liability, business interruption, cancellation, cybersecurity and other insurance coverage resulting from terrorist and related security incidents along with varying weather-related conditions and incidents, we may experience increased difficulty obtaining high policy limits of coverage at a reasonable cost and with reasonable deductibles. We cannot assure you that future increases in insurance costs and difficulties obtaining high policy limits and reasonable deductibles will not adversely impact our profitability, thereby possibly impacting our operating results and growth. We have a significant investment in equipment when holding live events at venues across the world, which are generally located near major cities and which hold events typically attended by a large number of people.

We cannot assure you that our insurance policy coverage limits, including insurance coverage for property, casualty, liability and business interruption losses, cybersecurity and acts of terrorism, would be adequate should one or multiple adverse events occur, or that our insurers would have adequate financial resources to sufficiently or fully pay our related claims or damages. We cannot assure you that adequate coverage limits will be available, offered at a reasonable cost, or offered by insurers with sufficient financial soundness. The occurrence of such an incident or incidents affecting any one or more of our venues could have an adverse effect on our financial position and future results of operations if asset damage or company liability were to exceed insurance coverage limits, or if an insurer were unable to sufficiently or fully pay our related claims or damages.

Certain of our key operating metrics are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business.

We regularly review metrics, including the number of fans and social media followers of our businesses, to evaluate growth trends, measure our performance and make strategic decisions. Our methodologies for tracking these metrics are subject to certain limitations. In addition, we rely on data received from third parties, including third-party platforms, to track these metrics. Data from both such sources may include information relating to fraudulent accounts and interactions with our sites or the social media accounts of our businesses (including as a result of the use of bots, or other automated or manual mechanisms to generate false impressions that are delivered through our sites or our accounts). We have only limited abilities to verify data from our sites or third parties, and perpetrators of fraudulent impressions may change their tactics and may become more sophisticated, which would make it still more difficult to detect such activity. Our methodologies for tracking such metrics may also change over time, which could result in changes to the metrics we report. If we undercount or overcount performance due to the limitations of our methodologies or issues with the data received from third parties, the data we report may not be accurate or comparable with prior periods. In addition, limitations, changes or errors with respect to how we measure data may affect our understanding of certain details of our business, which could affect our longer-term strategies. If our metrics are not accurate representations of the reach of our properties, if we discover material inaccuracies in our metrics or the data on which such metrics are based, or if we can no longer calculate our metrics with a sufficient degree of accuracy and cannot find and adequate replacement for the metric, it could result in an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations.

32

Table of Contents

Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure

We are a holding company whose principal assets are the TKO OpCo Units we hold in TKO OpCo and, accordingly, we are dependent upon distributions from TKO OpCo to pay taxes and other expenses.

We are a holding company whose principal assets are the TKO OpCo Units we hold in TKO OpCo. We will not have independent means of generating revenue. Because TKO OpCo is intended to be treated as a pass-through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we and other members of TKO OpCo (or their indirect equity holders) generally are subject to U.S. federal income taxes on their allocable share of TKO OpCo’s taxable income or gain. As the sole managing member of TKO OpCo, we generally intend to cause TKO OpCo to make quarterly distributions to the members of TKO OpCo (or otherwise provide them with liquidity) in amounts sufficient to cover the taxes on their allocable share of the taxable income of TKO OpCo. However, there can be no assurance that TKO OpCo and its subsidiaries will generate sufficient cash flow to distribute funds to TKO Group Holdings to cover our taxes and other expenses or that applicable state law and contractual restrictions, including negative covenants in any applicable debt instruments, will permit such distributions. Subsidiaries of TKO OpCo are currently subject to debt instruments or other agreements that may restrict distributions from TKO OpCo’s subsidiaries and TKO OpCo’s ability to make distributions to us, which could adversely affect our cash flows, liquidity, and financial condition.

As a result of (among other considerations) potential differences in the amount of net taxable income allocable to the members of TKO OpCo under applicable tax rules and the lower tax rate applicable to corporations (like us) as compared to individuals (immediately following the TKO Transactions, certain individuals owned indirect interests in TKO OpCo subjecting them to tax on income earned by TKO OpCo), it is anticipated that the tax distributions by TKO OpCo to TKO Group Holdings may exceed the tax liabilities that TKO Group Holdings is required to pay on its allocable share of income of TKO OpCo. TKO OpCo’s payment of tax distributions to the members of TKO OpCo could result in the distribution of cash out of TKO OpCo that is in excess of what is required to permit the direct or indirect securityholders of TKO OpCo to pay their tax liabilities attributable to their direct or indirect ownership of TKO OpCo, which could have an adverse effect on TKO OpCo’s liquidity.

No adjustments to the exchange ratio for TKO OpCo Units and corresponding shares of our Class B common stock will be made as a result of any loans made by TKO Group Holdings to TKO OpCo or as a result of any retention of cash by TKO Group Holdings. To the extent TKO Group Holdings does not distribute any cash it holds and instead, for example, holds such cash balances, or lends them to TKO OpCo or TKO OpCo’s subsidiaries, this may result in shares of our Class A common stock increasing in value relative to the value of TKO OpCo Units. The holders of TKO OpCo Units may benefit from any value attributable to such cash balances if they acquire shares of our Class A common stock in exchange for their TKO OpCo Units.

In addition to the foregoing, it is also possible that in certain situations we may not receive distributions from TKO OpCo sufficient to pay our tax liabilities attributable to our allocable share of income and gain of TKO OpCo. In such situations, TKO OpCo may loan cash to us to enable us to pay our tax liabilities, and TKO OpCo may charge us interest on any such loans in an amount up to 50 basis points in excess of TKO OpCo’s current cost of debt capital. These loans could affect our liquidity and adversely affect our financial results and condition.

We are currently controlled by Silver Lake through its ownership and control of Endeavor. The interests of Endeavor or Silver Lake may differ from the interests of other stockholders of TKO Group Holdings.

In March 2025, as part of the Endeavor Take-Private, affiliates of Silver Lake acquired 100% of the outstanding shares of Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc.’s stock that it did not already own. As of the date of this Annual Report, Endeavor collectively owned approximately 63% of the voting interests of TKO through its holdings of shares of TKO Class A common stock and TKO Class B common stock which are paired with common units of TKO OpCo. Silver Lake, through its ownership and control of Endeavor, and Endeavor control us.

Endeavor also conducts various administrative and operational functions of the Company pursuant to the Transition Services Agreement.

Silver Lake and Endeavor have the ability to substantially control us, including the ability to control any action requiring the general approval of our stockholders, including the election of a majority of our Board members, the adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation and stockholder amendments to our bylaws, and the approval of any merger or sale of substantially all of our assets.

This concentration of ownership and voting interests may also delay, defer, or even prevent an acquisition by a third party or other change of control of the Company, and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of Endeavor, even if such events are in the best interests of minority stockholders. This concentration of voting interests may have a negative impact on the price of our Class A common stock.

33

Table of Contents

Endeavor’s or Silver Lake's interests may not be fully aligned with holders of our Class A common stock, which could lead to actions that are not in their best interest, because Endeavor and Silver Lake hold their economic interest in the business through TKO OpCo, rather than through TKO. For example, Silver Lake, Endeavor and their subsidiaries may have different tax positions from us, which could influence Endeavor’s decisions regarding whether and when we should dispose of assets or incur new or refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, the structuring of future transactions may take into consideration tax or other considerations relevant to Endeavor or its subsidiaries (e.g., the effect of such transactions on Silver Lake or Endeavor’s obligations under the tax receivable agreement to which they are parties) even where no similar considerations would apply to us. The significant ownership in our business held by Endeavor’s subsidiaries may discourage someone from making a significant equity investment in us, or could discourage transactions involving a change in control, including transactions in which holders of shares of our Class A common stock might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over the then-current market price. Endeavor and Silver Lake also operate a number of businesses through their subsidiaries that may conflict with the interests of the Company, or be party to agreements or engaged in activities that prevent us from performing certain business activities or owning certain assets.

Section 203 of the DGCL (“Section 203”) may affect the ability of an “interested stockholder” to engage in certain business combinations, including mergers, consolidations or acquisitions of additional shares, for a period of three years following the time that the stockholder becomes an “interested stockholder.” An “interested stockholder” is defined to include persons owning directly or indirectly 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of a corporation. We have elected in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation not to be subject to Section 203. Silver Lake, Endeavor, Mr. McMahon and their respective affiliates and direct and indirect transferees will not be deemed to be “interested stockholders,” regardless of the percentage of our voting stock owned by them, and accordingly will not be subject to such restrictions.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also includes provisions governing Endeavor’s and its affiliates’ ability to pursue competitive opportunities; see 
“—The competitive opportunity provisions in our certificate of incorporation could enable certain directors, principals, officers, employees, members and/or other representatives of Endeavor, Mr. McMahon or their respective affiliates to benefit from competitive opportunities that might otherwise be available to us”
 for additional information

We cannot predict the impact our capital structure and the concentrated control by Endeavor and Silver Lake may have on our stock price or our business.

We cannot predict whether our multiple share class capital structure, combined with the concentrated control by Endeavor and Silver Lake, will result in a lower trading price or greater fluctuations in the trading price of our Class A common stock, or will result in adverse publicity or other adverse consequences. In addition, some indices may determine to exclude companies with multiple share classes from their membership. Exclusion from indices could make our Class A common stock less attractive to investors and, as a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected.

If Endeavor or its subsidiaries sell a controlling interest in us to a third party in a private transaction, we may become subject to the control of a presently unknown third party.

Silver Lake owns a controlling equity interest in us, through its ownership of Endeavor. Silver Lake has the ability, should it choose to do so, to direct Endeavor to sell some or all of its subsidiaries’ shares of our capital 
stock
 (or shares of our capital stock that Endeavor’s or Silver Lake's subsidiaries may obtain) in a privately negotiated transaction, which, if sufficient in size, could result in a change of control of the Company.

Further, the distribution or sale by 
Endeavor’s
 subsidiaries of a substantial number of shares, even if not a controlling interest, or a perception that a distribution or such sales could occur, could significantly reduce the market price of our Class A common stock.

If Endeavor’s subsidiaries privately sell a 
controlling
 interest in the Company, we may become subject to the control of a presently unknown third party. Such third party may have conflicts of interest with those of other stockholders. In addition, if Endeavor’s subsidiaries sell a controlling interest in us to a third party, our future indebtedness may be subject to acceleration, Endeavor and its affiliates may terminate certain other arrangements, and our other commercial agreements and relationships could be impacted, all of which may adversely affect our ability to run our business as described herein and may have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.

We are exempt from certain corporate governance requirements since we are a “controlled company” within the meaning of NYSE rules, and as a result our stockholders do not have the protections afforded by these corporate governance requirements.

Silver Lake and Endeavor control approximately 63% of our combined voting interests for the election of directors on our Board. As a result, we are considered a “controlled company” for the purposes of NYSE rules and corporate governance standards, and therefore are permitted to, and intend to, elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements of the NYSE, including, for example, the requirement to establish a nominating and corporate governance committee composed entirely of independent directors. For so long as we remain a “controlled company,” we may at any time and from time to time, utilize any or all of the applicable governance exemptions available under the NYSE rules. Accordingly, holders of Class A common stock do not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the rules and corporate governance standards of the NYSE, and the ability of our

34

Table of Contents

independent directors to influence our business policies and affairs may be reduced. We expect to remain a “controlled company” until Endeavor no longer controls more than 50% of our combined voting interests.

If we are unable to effectively implement or maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial results and our stock price could be adversely affected.

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”) requires us to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as of the end of each fiscal year, including a management report assessing the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, and a report issued by our independent registered public accounting firm on that assessment. Our ability to comply with the annual internal control reporting requirements will depend on the effectiveness of our financial reporting and data systems and controls across our company. We from time to time make investments to further automate, streamline and centralize our businesses’ use of these systems and expect these systems and controls to require additional investment as we become increasingly more complex and our business grows. To effectively manage this complexity, we will need to continue to maintain and revise our operational, financial and management controls, and our reporting systems and procedures. Certain weaknesses or deficiencies or failures to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in the implementation or operation of these controls, could harm our operating results and cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations, or result in material misstatements in our financial statements, which could adversely affect our business and reduce our stock price.

Provisions in our organizational documents and certain rules imposed by regulatory authorities may delay or prevent our acquisition by a third party.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain several provisions that may make it more difficult or expensive for a third party to acquire control of us without the approval of our Board. These provisions, which may delay, prevent, or deter a merger, acquisition, tender offer, proxy contest or other transaction that stockholders may consider favorable, include the following:

·
 advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations;

·
 provisions limiting stockholders’ ability to call special meetings of stockholders, to require special meetings of stockholders to be called and to take action by written consent; and

·
 the ability of the Board to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could be used, among other things, to institute a rights plan that would have the effect of significantly diluting the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer, likely preventing acquisitions that have not been approved by the Board.

These provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could discourage potential takeover attempts and reduce the price that investors might be willing to pay for shares of our Class A common stock in the future, which could reduce the market price of our Class A common stock.

The provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requiring exclusive venue in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware for certain types of lawsuits and the federal district courts of the United States for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action under the Securities Act may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, (A) the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action, lawsuit or proceeding brought on behalf of us, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, agent or other employee or stockholder of us to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each case subject to such Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, the federal district court located in the State of Delaware; and (B) the federal district courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the exclusive forum provision shall not apply to claims seeking to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. It is possible that, in connection with any applicable action brought against us, a court could find the choice of forum provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in such action. If a court were to find the choice of forum provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.

As a public company, our costs may be significant, and the regular operations of our business may be disrupted.

35

Table of Contents

We incur significant additional legal, accounting, reporting, and other expenses as a result of having publicly traded common stock, including, but not limited to, costs related to auditor fees, legal fees, directors’ fees, directors and officers insurance, investor relations, and various other costs. We also incur incremental costs associated with corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, as well as rules implemented by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. Compliance with these rules and regulations may make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and, as a result, may place a strain on our systems and resources. Moreover, the additional demands associated with being a public company may disrupt the regular operations of our business by diverting the attention of some of our senior management team away from revenue producing activities.

In addition, changing laws, regulations, and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs, and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations, and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We invest and intend to continue to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations, and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management’s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations, and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

The competitive opportunity provisions in our certificate of incorporation could enable certain directors, principals, officers, employees, members and/or other representatives of Endeavor, Mr. McMahon or their respective affiliates to benefit from competitive opportunities that might otherwise be available to us.

Our certificate of incorporation provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, we renounce any interest or expectancy in a transaction or matter that may be a competitive opportunity for certain directors, principals, officers, employees, members and/or other representatives of Endeavor, Mr. McMahon or their respective affiliates (the “Identified Persons”) (other than in their capacities as directors of TKO Group Holdings), and such Identified Persons have no duty under our certificate of incorporation to refrain from directly or indirectly (1) participating or otherwise engaging in any competitive opportunity, (2) otherwise competing with us or any of our controlled affiliates, (3) otherwise doing business or transacting with any potential or actual customer, supplier or other business relation of us or any of our controlled affiliates or (4) otherwise employing or engaging any officer, employee or other service provider of ours or any of our controlled affiliates, in each case subject to any rights or obligations under any other contractual arrangements. In addition, the Identified Persons have no duty under our certificate of incorporation to present any such competitive opportunity to us, subject to any rights or obligations under any other contractual arrangements. To the extent that the Identified Persons engage in any of the foregoing actions, they may have differing interests than our other stockholders.

Our executive officers and directors may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their equity interest in Endeavor. Also, certain of Endeavor’s current executive officers are our directors and officers, which may create conflicts of interest or the appearance of conflicts of interest.

Because of their current or former positions with Endeavor, certain of our executive officers and directors own equity interests in Endeavor or its affiliates. Continuing ownership of capital stock and equity awards with respect to such entities could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest if we and Endeavor face decisions that could have implications for both Endeavor and us. In addition, certain of Endeavor’s current executive officers and directors are also our executive officers and directors, and this could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest when we and Endeavor encounter opportunities or face decisions that could have implications for both companies or in connection with the allocation of such officers’ or directors’ time between Endeavor and us.

Endeavor and subsidiaries of Endeavor may compete with us.

Endeavor and subsidiaries of Endeavor will not be restricted from competing with us, other than as contractually agreed upon. Endeavor has agreed that until the later of September 12, 2028 or six months following Endeavor’s ceasing to beneficially own more than 20% of the voting interests of the then-outstanding shares of our common stock, Endeavor and its controlled affiliates (other than UFC and its subsidiaries) will not (1) other than 
de minimis 
passive investments, acquire or invest in any competitive wrestling league or professional mixed martial arts league that is competitive with us or (2) represent any competitive wrestling league, any athlete or wrestling talent in respect of their contractual relationship with us or its subsidiaries or any former wrestling talent of WWE in respect of their contractual relationship with any

competitive wrestling league.

If Endeavor in the future decides to engage in the type of business we conduct, it may have a competitive advantage over us, which may cause our business, financial condition and results of operations to be materially adversely affected.

36

Table of Contents

The terms of our Transition Services Agreement with the EGH Parties may be more favorable than TKO will be able to obtain from an unaffiliated third party. After the Transition Services Agreement expires or is terminated, TKO may be unable to replace the services the EGH Parties provide in a timely manner or on comparable terms.

The EGH Parties, on the one hand, and TKO OpCo, TKO Group Holdings and TWI (the “TKO Parties”), on the other hand, are party to the Transition Services Agreement, pursuant to which the EGH Parties and the TKO Parties agreed to provide each other with certain specified services. The services to be provided pursuant to the Transition Services Agreement to TKO and its subsidiaries are on a temporary basis and are intended to support the transition of the Acquired Businesses from Endeavor to TKO OpCo. The Transition Services Agreement will remain in effect until terminated by the parties pursuant to the terms thereof. The services that are designated to be provided on a transitional basis are to be provided for the period of time specified in the Transition Services Agreement, subject to extension by mutual agreement.

While the EGH Parties will be contractually obligated to provide the TKO Parties with certain specified services during the term of the Transition Services Agreement, the TKO Parties cannot be assured that these services will be sustained at the same level after the expiration or termination of the Transition Services Agreement, or that the TKO Parties will be able to replace these services in a timely manner or on comparable terms. If these services are no longer procured from the EGH Parties, or if certain arrangements with the EGH Parties are terminated, the TKO Parties' costs of procuring those services from third parties may increase. The Transition Services Agreement also contains terms and provisions that may be more favorable to the TKO Parties than terms and provisions the TKO Parties might have obtained in arm’s-length negotiations with unaffiliated third parties.

Risks Related to Our Class A Common Stock

The market price of our Class A common stock may be volatile, and holders of our Class A common stock may be unable to resell their Class A common stock at or above their purchase price or at all.

The market price for our Class A common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, most of which we cannot control, including, among others:

•
trends and changes in consumer preferences in the industries in which we operate; 

•
changes in general economic or market conditions or trends in our industry or the economy as a whole and, in particular, in the consumer and advertising marketplaces; 

•
changes in key personnel; 

•
our entry into new markets; 

•
changes in our operating performance; 

•
investors’ perceptions of our prospects and the prospects of the businesses in which we participate; 

•
fluctuations in quarterly revenue and operating results, as well as differences between our actual financial and operating results and those expected by investors; 

•
the public’s response to press releases or other public announcements by us or third parties, including our filings with the SEC; 

•
announcements relating to litigation; 

•
guidance, if any, that we provide to the public, any changes in such guidance or our failure to meet such guidance; 

•
changes in financial estimates or ratings by any securities analysts who follow our Class A common stock, our failure to meet such estimates or failure of those analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of our Class A common stock; 

•
downgrades in our credit ratings or the credit ratings of our competitors; 

•
the development and sustainability of an active trading market for our Class A common stock; 

•
the volume of shares of common stock available for public sale and the size of our public float;

•
investor perceptions of the investment opportunity associated with our Class A common stock relative to other investment alternatives; 

•
the inclusion, exclusion, or deletion of our Class A common stock from any trading indices; 

•
future sales of our Class A common stock by our officers, directors, and significant stockholders; 

•
other events or factors, including those resulting from system failures and disruptions, severe weather events, natural disasters, pandemics, wars, acts of terrorism, or responses to such events; 

37

Table of Contents

•
changes in financial markets or general economic conditions, including, for example, due to the effects of recession or slow economic growth in the U.S. and abroad, interest rates, fuel prices, international currency fluctuations, corruption, political instability, acts of war, including in Eastern Europe and the Middle East, acts of terrorism, and pandemics or other public health crises; 

•
price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in the economy as a whole; and 

•
changes in accounting principles.

The market price also may decline if we do not achieve the perceived benefits of the TKO Transactions as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by financial or industry analysts or if the effect of the TKO Transactions on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows is not consistent with the expectations of financial or industry analysts. These and other factors may lower the market price of our Class A common stock, regardless of its actual operating performance. As a result, our Class A common stock may trade at prices significantly below the price at which shares were purchased.

In addition, the stock markets, including the NYSE, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. In the past, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, we could incur substantial costs and our resources and the attention of management could be diverted from our business.

We cannot guarantee we will conduct share repurchases or pay dividends in any specified amounts or particular frequency.

On October 24, 2024, we announced that the Board authorized a share repurchase program of up to $2.0 billion of our Class A common stock. As of December 31, 2025, 4.6 million shares of Class A common stock have been repurchased under the program, for an aggregate purchase price of $866.8 million.

We will determine at our discretion the timing and the amount of any repurchases under the share repurchase program based on our evaluation of market conditions, share price, and other factors. Repurchases under the share repurchase program may be made in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The program has no expiration date and we are not obligated to acquire any particular number or dollar value of shares thereunder. While we expect the share repurchase program to be completed within the next two years, the program may not be fully implemented in that timeframe or at all. In addition, the program may be modified, suspended, or discontinued at any time. Repurchases under this authorization could affect our stock price and increase its volatility, and the existence of this authorization could cause our stock price to be higher than it would be in the absence of such authorization and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our stock. There can be no assurance that any stock repurchases will enhance stockholder value because the market price of our Class A common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares of stock.

In addition, on October 24, 2024, we announced that the Board had approved a quarterly cash dividend pursuant to which holders of our Class A common stock will receive their pro rata share of approximately $75 million in quarterly distributions to be made by TKO OpCo and, on September 3, 2025, we announced that the Board had approved an increase to our quarterly dividend program, resulting in holders of our Class A common stock receiving their pro rata share of approximately $150 million in quarterly distributions to be made by TKO OpCo. Future declarations of quarterly dividends are subject to our determination and discretion based on our consideration of various factors, such as our results of operations, financial condition, market conditions, earnings, cash flow requirements, restrictions in our debt agreements and legal requirements and other factors that we deems relevant. Our Board may, at its discretion, decrease or entirely discontinue the dividend at any time. We cannot provide any assurances that any such regular dividends will be paid in any specified amount or at any particular frequency, if at all.

You will be diluted by the future issuance of our Class A common stock or issuances under our incentive plans, for acquisitions, for capital raises or otherwise.

We expect to issue additional shares of Class A common stock. Issuing additional shares of our capital stock or other equity securities or securities convertible into equity may dilute the economic and voting rights of our existing stockholders or reduce the market price of our Class A common stock or both.

For example, upon the completion of the Endeavor Asset Acquisition, the Company issued approximately 26.54 million TKO OpCo Units and corresponding shares of Class B common stock to certain subsidiaries of Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc., causing an approximately 6% reduction in the relative percentage interest of the Company’s other then current stockholders in the earnings of TKO OpCo, and the voting interests of the Company.

In the future, we may also issue additional securities in connection with investments, acquisitions or capital-raising activities, which could constitute a material portion of our then-outstanding shares of Class A common stock. Any shares of Class A common stock that we issue will have a dilutive effect on the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock. Our decision to issue securities in the future will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control.

38

Table of Contents

Risks Related to Tax Matters

Tax matters may cause significant variability in our financial results.

Our businesses, conducted through TKO OpCo and its subsidiaries, will be subject to income taxation in the United States, as well as in many tax jurisdictions throughout the world. Tax rates in these jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. If our effective tax rate increases, our operating results and cash flow could be adversely affected. Our effective income tax rate may vary significantly between periods due to a number of complex factors including, but not limited to, projected levels of taxable income, pre-tax income being lower than anticipated in countries with lower statutory rates or higher than anticipated in countries with higher statutory rates, increases or decreases to valuation allowances that need to be recorded against deferred tax assets, tax audits conducted and settled by various tax authorities, adjustments to income taxes upon finalization of income tax returns, the ability to claim foreign tax credits, and changes in tax laws and their interpretations in countries in which we will be subject to taxation.

In addition, our effective tax rate and tax liability are based on the application of current income tax laws, regulations and treaties. These laws, regulations and treaties are complex, and the manner which they apply to us and our activities and diverse set of business arrangements is often open to interpretation. Significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities. The tax authorities could challenge our interpretation of laws, regulations and treaties, resulting in additional tax liability or adjustment to our income tax provision that could increase our effective tax rate and adversely affect our financial results.

TKO OpCo may be required to pay additional taxes as a result of the partnership audit rules.

The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 changed the rules applicable to U.S. federal income tax audits of partnerships, including entities such as TKO OpCo that are taxed as partnerships. Under these rules (which generally are effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017), subject to certain exceptions, audit adjustments to items of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit of an entity (and any holder’s share thereof) are determined, and taxes, interest, and penalties attributable thereto, are assessed and collected, at the entity level. Although there are uncertainties in how these rules will continue to be implemented, they could result in TKO OpCo (or any of its applicable subsidiaries that are or have been treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes) being required to pay additional taxes, interest and penalties as a result of an audit adjustment, and TKO Group Holdings, as a direct or indirect member of TKO OpCo (or such other entities), could be required to indirectly bear the economic burden of those taxes, interest, and penalties even though we may not otherwise have been required to pay additional corporate-level taxes as a result of the related audit adjustment had it been reflected in the previously filed partnership tax returns under audit (and even though we may not have even been an equity holder of TKO OpCo (or such other entities) during the taxable period for which the relevant audit adjustment is imposed).

Under certain circumstances, TKO OpCo may be eligible to make an election (a “Push Out Election”) to cause holders of equity interests in TKO OpCo to take into account the amount of any taxes attributable to any tax audit adjustment, including any interest and penalties, in accordance with such holders’ interest in TKO OpCo in the year under audit.

With respect to taxable periods beginning after the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement, we will decide whether to cause TKO OpCo to make a Push Out Election in our discretion. If TKO OpCo does not make this election, the then-current holders of TKO OpCo Units (including the EDR holders, as applicable) would economically bear the burden of the understatement even if such holders had a different percentage interest in TKO OpCo during the year under audit, unless, and only to the extent, TKO OpCo recovers such amounts from current or former impacted holders of TKO OpCo. There are no assurances that TKO OpCo will recover any such amounts from current or former holders of TKO OpCo. Similar rules will also apply with respect to any of TKO OpCo’s subsidiaries that are or have been treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

With respect to taxable periods (or portions thereof) of TKO OpCo or its subsidiaries ending on or prior to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement, Endeavor OpCo will have the ability to prevent TKO OpCo or such subsidiaries from making (or causing to be made) any Push Out Election, as further described below. The failure to make such election could result in TKO Group Holdings bearing liabilities with respect to such audit adjustment even though TKO Group Holdings may not have owned any interest in TKO OpCo during the audited period and could adversely affect TKO Group Holdings’ liquidity and financial condition.

TKO OpCo has agreed to indemnify Endeavor OpCo (and its affiliates and direct and indirect owners) and TKO Group Holdings for certain tax liabilities attributable to taxable periods (or portions thereof) ending on or prior to the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement, and this indemnification could adversely affect the liquidity and financial condition of TKO OpCo and TKO Group Holdings.

Under the terms of the Transaction Agreement, TKO OpCo has generally agreed to indemnify Endeavor OpCo and its affiliates and direct and indirect equity holders for tax liabilities attributable to the business conducted by TKO OpCo and its subsidiaries for taxable periods ending on or prior to the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement, subject to certain exceptions. TKO OpCo has also generally agreed to indemnify TKO Group Holdings and its affiliates for tax liabilities attributable to WWE and its subsidiaries for taxable periods ending on or prior to the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction

39

Table of Contents

Agreement, subject to certain exceptions. These indemnification obligations will subject the equity holders of TKO Group Holdings to risks and potential exposures attributable to the business conducted by TKO OpCo for periods prior to the time that TKO Group Holdings acquired an interest in TKO OpCo, and to exposure for income taxes otherwise payable by TKO OpCo’s former equity owners. In addition, Endeavor OpCo will have the ability to prevent TKO OpCo from making a Push Out Election in connection with pre-closing tax audits of TKO OpCo and its subsidiaries attributable to periods (or portions thereof) ending on or prior to the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement. Endeavor OpCo’s interests in connection with such election will differ from those of TKO Group Holdings, as a failure to make such election could result in TKO Group Holdings bearing tax liabilities that would, if such election were made, be borne by TKO OpCo’s former equity owners. Any tax liabilities that are subject to indemnification by TKO OpCo could adversely affect the liquidity and financial position of TKO OpCo and TKO Group Holdings.

We could incur tax liabilities in connection with stock repurchases.

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the “IRA”) was signed into federal law. The IRA provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1% excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded U.S. corporations and certain other persons (a “covered corporation”). Because we are a Delaware corporation and our securities trade on the NYSE, we are a “covered corporation” for this purpose. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not our stockholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1% of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax and has issued final regulations regarding the reporting and payment of the excise tax. We conducted certain repurchases of our stock in 2025, and expect we will be required to pay the excise tax in connection with such repurchases. We have subsequently conducted additional repurchases of our stock under our 10b5-1 Plan (as defined below), and we could be required to pay the excise tax in connection with these repurchases and any other transactions covered by the excise tax described above, whether pursuant to the share repurchase program announced on October 24, 2024 or otherwise. Furthermore, if we decide to undertake repurchases of our Class A common stock in the future, any transfer of cash from TKO OpCo or its subsidiaries to TKO Group Holdings to fund such repurchases could result in incremental tax liabilities to TKO Group Holdings, Inc., and such tax liabilities could (depending on the circumstances surrounding the relevant repurchases) be substantial. Using the proceeds of new indebtedness at TKO OpCo or its subsidiaries to make transfers of cash from TKO OpCo or its subsidiaries to TKO Group Holdings to fund repurchases of our Class A common stock could reduce certain tax liabilities at TKO Group Holdings that might result from such cash transfers in the absence of such new indebtedness, but could also result in TKO Group Holdings being in a “negative tax capital” position with respect to its interest in TKO OpCo that could potentially result in incremental tax liabilities at TKO Group Holdings in the future in certain circumstances (e.g., in connection with a payoff of indebtedness of TKO OpCo or its subsidiaries, or in connection with changes in the composition of the ownership of TKO OpCo). These considerations could affect the transactions that TKO Group Holdings and its subsidiaries are willing to undertake in the future, and the incurrence of any of the tax liabilities described above could increase our costs and adversely affect our operating results.

Changes to U.S. and foreign tax laws could adversely affect us.

The G20, the OECD, the U.S. Congress and Treasury Department and other government agencies in jurisdictions where we and our affiliates will do business have had an extended focus on issues related to the taxation of multinational corporations, including, but not limited to, transfer pricing, country-by-country reporting and base erosion. As a result, the tax laws in the United States and other countries in which we and our affiliates will do business have changed and could further change on a prospective or retroactive basis, and any such changes could have an adverse effect on our worldwide tax liabilities, business, financial condition, and results of operations. For example, on July 4, 2025, H.R. 1, the “One Big Beautiful Bill Act” (the “OBBBA”), was signed into law in the United States, which includes revisions to key business tax provisions such as the expansion of rules related to deductibility of executive compensation, the reinstatement of bonus depreciation deductions for qualified property, the restoration of EBITDA-based business interest expense limitation and the implementation of changes relating to the computation of certain taxes in respect of non-US activities. The U.S. government may also enact significant new changes to trade policies and tariffs with respect to countries where we or our customers operate, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

In addition, the OECD has announced an accord commonly referred to as “Pillar Two” to set a minimum global corporate tax rate of 15%, which is being or may be implemented in many jurisdictions. The OECD is also issuing guidelines that are different, in some respects, than current international tax principles. If countries amend their tax laws to adopt all or part of the OECD guidelines, this may increase tax uncertainty and increase taxes applicable to us. In June 2025, the G7 and the U.S. Department of the Treasury issued a statement that outlined a shared understanding to exclude U.S. parented groups from certain aspects of the Pillar Two minimum global tax principles (the “G7 Statement”). We will continue to monitor developments related to the G7 Statement, which has not yet been incorporated into the OECD framework. We cannot predict whether any governmental body will enact new tax legislation (including increases to tax rates), whether any tax authority will issue new regulations or other guidance, whether the OECD or any other intergovernmental organization will publish any additional guidelines on global taxation or whether member states will implement such guidelines, nor can we predict what effect such legislation, regulations or international guidelines might have. Changes to existing laws and regulations could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

40

Table of Contents

General Risk Factors

If securities or industry analysts publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about us or our business, the price of our Class A common stock and trading volume could decline.

The trading market for our Class A common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrades our Class A common stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about us or our business, our share price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our Class A common stock could decrease, which could cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. In addition, if our operating results fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts, our stock price would likely decline.

Our business may involve potential internal conflicts of interest due to the breadth and scale of our platform.

We have to manage actual and potential internal conflicts of interest in our business due to the breadth and scale of our platform. Different parts of our business may have actual or potential conflicts of interest with each other, including our media production, events production, owned sports properties, partnerships, and content development businesses. Although we attempt to manage these conflicts appropriately, any failure to adequately address or manage internal conflicts of interest could adversely affect our reputation, and the willingness of third parties to work with us may be affected if we fail, or appear to fail, to deal appropriately with actual or perceived internal conflicts of interest, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. For more information regarding potential conflicts of interest related to our status as a “controlled company,” see “—
We are currently controlled by Silver Lake through its ownership and control of Endeavor. The interests of Endeavor or Silver Lake may differ from the interests of other stockholders of TKO Group Holdings
.”

We could face a variety of risks if we expand into other new and complementary businesses and/or make certain investments or acquisitions.

We have entered into new or complementary businesses, including through commercial agreements, and made equity and debt investments in other companies in the past and may continue to do so in the future. We may also enter into business combination transactions, make acquisitions or enter into strategic partnerships, joint ventures or alliances.

To the extent we choose to pursue certain commercial, investment, or acquisition strategies, we may be unable to identify suitable targets for these deals, or to make these deals on favorable terms. If we identify suitable acquisition candidates, investments, or commercial partners, our ability to successfully implement or enter into them will depend on a variety of factors, including our ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms or requisite governmental approvals, as well as the factors discussed below. Additionally, we may decide to make or enter into acquisitions, investments, or commercial agreements with the understanding that such acquisitions, investments, or commercial agreements will not be profitable, but may be of strategic value to us. Our current and future acquisitions, investments, including existing investments accounted for under the equity method, or commercial agreements may also require that we make additional capital investments in the future, which would divert resources from other areas of our business. Additional risks of this expansion and/or these investments and transactions may include, among other risks: potential diversion of management’s attention and other resources, including available cash, from our existing businesses; loss on investments due to poor performance by the business invested in; inability to integrate a new business successfully; potential exposure to a new business’ preexisting commercial arrangements or other applicable agreements with onerous terms; revaluations of debt and equity investments as well as market, credit and interest-rate risks (any of which could result in impairment charges and other costs); competition from other companies with more experience in such businesses; and possible additional regulatory requirements and compliance costs, all of which could affect our business, financial condition and operating results. We cannot provide assurances that the anticipated strategic benefits of these deals will be realized in the long-term or at all.

We may fail to identify or assess the magnitude of certain liabilities, shortcomings, or other circumstances prior to acquiring a company, making an investment or entering into a commercial agreement and, as such, may not obtain sufficient warranties, indemnities, insurance, or other protections. This could result in unexpected litigation or regulatory exposure, unfavorable accounting treatment, unexpected increases in taxes, a loss of anticipated tax benefits, or other adverse effects on our business, operating results, or financial condition. Additionally, some warranties and indemnities may give rise to unexpected and significant liabilities. Future acquisitions and commercial arrangements that we may pursue could result in dilutive issuances of equity securities and the incurrence of further debt.

We currently, and may in the future, share control in joint venture projects, other investments, and strategic alliances, which will limit our ability to manage third-party risks associated with these projects.

We participate in, and may in the future enter into, joint ventures, other non-controlling investments, and strategic alliances, such as Zuffa Boxing, our joint venture with Sela Company. In these joint ventures, investments, and strategic alliances, we may have shared control over the operation of the assets and businesses. As a result, such investments and strategic alliances may involve risks such as the possibility that a partner in an investment might become bankrupt, be unable to meet its capital contribution obligations, have

41

Table of Contents

economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals, or take actions that are contrary to our instructions or to applicable laws and regulations. In addition, we may be unable to take action without the approval of our partners, or our partners could take binding actions without our consent. Consequently, actions by a partner or other third party could expose us to claims for damages, financial penalties, additional capital contributions, and reputational harm, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Preparing our financial statements will require us to have access to information regarding the results of operations, financial position, and cash flows of our joint ventures and other investments. Any deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting may affect our ability to report our financial results accurately or prevent or detect fraud. Such deficiencies also could result in restatements of, or other adjustments to, our previously reported or announced operating results, which could diminish investor confidence and reduce the market price for our Class A common stock. Additionally, if our joint ventures and other investments are unable to provide this informa
tion for any meaningful period or fail to meet expected deadlines, we may be unable to satisfy our financial reporting obligations or timely file our periodic reports.

Increasing scrutiny of, and evolving expectations for, sustainability and environmental, social, and governance initiatives could increase our costs, harm our reputation, or otherwise adversely impact our business.

We, as with other companies, may face scrutiny related to our environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) practices and disclosures from certain investors, capital providers, shareholder advocacy groups, other market participants, customers, and other stakeholder groups. With this focus, public reporting regarding ESG practices may be more broadly expected. While we may at times engage in voluntary initiatives, such initiatives may be costly and may not have the desired effect. For example, we may not ultimately be able to achieve any initiatives or commitments we undertake due to cost, technological constraints, or other factors outside of our control. Moreover, actions or statements that we may take based on expectations or assumptions that we believe to be reasonable at the time made may subsequently be determined to be erroneous or be subject to misinterpretation. If our ESG practices and reporting do not meet investor, consumer, employee, or other stakeholder expectations, which continue to evolve, our business, brand or reputation may be negatively impacted and subject to investor or regulator engagement regarding such matters. Furthermore, some market participants, including major institutional investors, may also use third-party benchmarks or scores to measure our ESG practices in making investment and voting decisions. Both advocates and opponents to certain ESG practices are also resorting to a range of activism forms, including media campaigns, shareholder activism, investigations, and litigation, to advance their perspectives. There has also been an increase in litigation alleging that corporate diversity, equity and inclusion programs may discriminate against certain individuals or groups. To the extent we are subject to such activism, it may require us to incur costs or otherwise adversely impact our business. In addition, new sustainability-related rules and regulations have been adopted and may continue to be introduced in various states and other jurisdictions. For example, we and/or our subsidiaries may be subject to various disclosure requirements (such as information on greenhouse gas emissions, climate risks, use of offsets, and emissions reduction claims) from the State of California and other U.S. states, among other regulations or requirements. Alternatively, certain anti-ESG advocates have brought legal challenges regarding corporate climate initiatives and commitments. Operating in more than one jurisdiction may accordingly make our compliance with any applicable ESG and sustainability-related rules more complex and expensive, and potentially expose us to greater levels of legal risks associated with our compliance. Our failure to comply with any applicable rules or regulations could lead to penalties and adversely impact our reputation, customer attraction and retention, access to capital and employee retention. Such ESG matters may also cause additional impacts on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.

Catastrophic events, severe weather conditions and natural disasters could adversely affect our operations, sales or financial results.

Catastrophic events, including severe weather events, natural disasters, cyber-incidents, power disruptions, pandemics, acts of terrorism or other events may adversely affect our operation of live events and experiences in affected regions, consumer ability to travel to our events, or result in cancellation or delays of events, outages, disruptions and/or degradations of networks or streaming infrastructure, a failure in our ability to conduct normal business operations, or the closure of event spaces in which consumers engage with our events, brands, and talent, all of which could materially impact our reputation and brand, financial condition and operating results. The health and safety of our employees, talent, or third-party organizations with whom we partner could be also affected, any of which may prevent us from executing against our business strategies and/or cause a decrease in consumer demand for our products and services. In addition, our corporate headquarters and several of our key studios also are located in seismically active regions and areas that are vulnerable to other natural disasters and weather events such as wildfires and hurricanes. These catastrophic events could disrupt our business and operations, and/or the businesses and operations of our partners and may cause us to incur additional costs to maintain or resume operations.