Our operating
results will fluctuate, which may cause volatility in our stock price.

Our operating results have varied significantly from
quarter to quarter, and those results may continue to fluctuate due to a
variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors
include, but are not limited to:

•
   changing
conditions in the telecommunications market and in the U.S. and global economy;

•
   the
volume and timing of orders from and shipments to customers;

•
   the
timing of, and our ability to obtain, new customer contracts;

•
   the
ability to maintain solid and healthy customer relationships and favorable
contract terms;

•
   the
timing of, and our ability to recognize revenue for, product and service sales;

•
   the
potential deferral of customer acceptance of new products compared to our
existing products;

•
   the
market acceptance of new and enhanced versions of our products and services;

•
   variations
in the mix of products and services we sell, and the demand and market
acceptance of those products and services;

•
   our
utilization of production capacity and employees and our ability to manufacture
and ship products efficiently;

•
   the
availability and cost of key components;

•
   the
ability to obtain reliable and high quality components for our products;

•
   the
ability to maintain good relationships and favorable contract terms with our customers
and suppliers;

•
   introductions
or announcements of new products by competitors;

•
   changes
in accounting rules, such as expensing employee stock option grants;

•
   our
ability to integrate and operate acquired businesses and technologies;

•
   seasonality,
which has often caused revenues to differ from quarter to quarter; and

•
   the
ability to satisfy and comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations in
the various locations in which we operate our business and sell our products
and services, including international locations.

Our recent operating results may not be a good
predictor of our results in future periods. Our expense levels are based in
part on expectations of future revenues. If revenue levels in a particular
period are lower than expected, our operating results will be adversely
affected. The failure to meet the expectations of the investment community may
cause our stock price to decline, possibly substantially. A significant stock
price decline could result in litigation, which could be costly, lengthy and
divert management’s attention and resources from business operations.

The market for
communications equipment products and services is rapidly changing and remains
very competitive.

The market for communications network equipment,
software and integration services is rapidly changing. Our success will depend
in part on our ability to develop and introduce new products successfully and
successfully compete with telecommunications equipment providers that have
lower cost structures and therefore product and service prices, particularly those
in Asia. We are not able to predict with certainty technological trends or new
products in the market, something that our competitors may be able to do more
accurately and rapidly than us. In addition, we are not able to predict whether
our products and services will meet with market acceptance or profitability. This
may lead to an inability to successfully compete, which may adversely affect
our business, financial condition, operating results or prospects.

Demand for our
products may decrease if we do not anticipate and adapt rapidly to changing
technology and customer requirements.

Communications companies face evolving industry
standards, changing market conditions and frequent new product and service
introductions and enhancements. The introduction of new products using new
technologies or the adoption

12

of new industry standards can make existing products
or products under development obsolete or unmarketable. To grow and remain
competitive, we must adapt to these rapidly changing technologies, enhance our
existing solutions and introduce new solutions to address our customers’
changing demands.

In addition, new product developments often require
long-term forecasting of market trends, development and implementation of new
technologies and processes, and a substantial capital commitment. We have
invested, and will continue to invest, substantial resources for the
development of new products. We often must make these investments before
knowing if the resulting new product will meet with market acceptance or
generate revenue. We are currently incurring costs and expenses in preparation
for the deployment of several new broadband and transport systems, which costs
will precede the generation of revenues and profits from those systems.

We may experience difficulties that could delay or
prevent the successful design, development, introduction or marketing of new
product solutions. These new solutions and enhancements must meet the
requirements of current and prospective customers and must achieve significant
market acceptance. In addition, some of our customer agreements, particularly
those with large customers, may contain provisions for payments that are tied
to the availability of new product features.

The success of new products depends on several
factors, including proper new product definition, component costs, timely
completion and introduction of these products, differentiation of new products
from those of our competitors, and market acceptance of these products. There
can be no assurance that we will successfully identify new product
opportunities, develop and bring new products to market in a timely manner, or
achieve market acceptance of our products or that products and technologies
developed by others will not render our products or technologies obsolete or
noncompetitive. Specifically, the products and technologies that we pursue may
not prove to have the market success we anticipate, and we may not successfully
identify and invest in other advanced technologies. If we fail to anticipate or
respond on a cost-effective and timely basis to technological developments,
changes in industry standards or customer requirements, if we have any
significant delays in product development or introduction, or if our products
are not accepted in the market place to the extent we expect, our business,
financial condition, operating results or prospects could be adversely
affected.

Our new products
will be early in their life cycles and will face challenges for market
acceptance.

We have made and will continue to make significant
investments in new products. These new products are early in their life cycles
and are subject to uncertain market demand. They also may face obstacles in
manufacturing and deployment and competitive response. Customers may not invest
the additional capital required for initial system deployment. Additionally, as
customers complete infrastructure deployments, they may require greater levels
of service, support and financing than we provided in the past. There is no
assurance that we can provide products, services, support and financing to
effectively compete for these market opportunities.

A limited number of
our customers represents a large portion of our revenues. Any decrease in revenue
from these customers could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, operating results and prospects.

A large portion of our revenue likely will depend on
sales to a limited number of customers in specific geographic areas. The largest
customer groups are independent local exchange carriers (ILECs), which include
BellSouth, Qwest Communications, SBC (now AT&T) and Verizon and wireless
customers, which include T-Mobile, Cingular and Verizon Wireless. Sales to each
of Verizon (including Verizon Wireless) and BellSouth currently constitute more
than 10% of our revenue. These customers primarily operate in the United States.
There is no assurance that these customers will continue to purchase products
from us. If a significant existing customer merges with another company, there
is no assurance that it will continue to purchase our products. The loss of one
or more large existing customers or a decrease in the level of purchases from
these customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, operating results and prospects. Due to our dependence on a large
portion of our revenue from a limited number of customers, our bargaining power
with respect to prices and contractual terms are often limited.

Our revenues depend
on the capital spending programs and financial capabilities of our customers
and ultimately on the demand for new telecommunications services from end
users.

Our customers are telecommunications service providers
and, in the United States, include, without limitation, incumbent local
exchange carriers, independent operating companies, regional Bell operating
companies (RBOCs) and wireless carriers. Our ability to generate revenues will
depend upon the capital spending patterns and financial capabilities of these
customers, which in turn depends upon the stage of completion of expanding
network infrastructures; the availability of funding; and the extent to which
our customers are affected by regulatory, economic, and business conditions in
the geographic areas where they operate. Additionally, our customers typically
have long implementation cycles; require a broader range of service including
design services; demand that vendors take on a larger share of risks; and often
require acceptance provisions, which can lead to a delay in revenue recognition.
The

13

telecommunications industry recently was affected by
financial problems and reduced capital spending by carriers. These conditions
adversely affected our operating results in prior fiscal years and, if these
conditions return, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
operating results, and financial condition. Further, there is no assurance that
carriers, foreign governments or other customers will pursue infrastructure
upgrades that require the products and solutions we offer. Infrastructure
improvements may be delayed or prevented by a variety of factors including
cost, industry competition, regulatory obstacles, mergers, lack of consumer
demand for advanced telecommunications services and alternative approaches to
service delivery. Reductions in capital expenditures by companies in the
telecommunications industry could seriously harm our revenues, net income and
cash flows.

We operate in a
highly competitive industry.

Our products and services continue to face competitive
pressures. Our success in competing with other communications equipment
providers will depend primarily on the following:

•
      our
engineering, manufacturing and marketing skills;

•
      the
price, quality and reliability of our products;

•
      our
delivery and service capabilities;

•
      our
control of operating expenses and management of assets; and

•
      our
ability to integrate acquired businesses effectively with ours.

We also may face more intense competition in certain
markets as a reaction to our larger presence. Pricing pressures could increase
from current and future competitors and customers. Many current competitors
have, and future competitors also may have, more engineering, manufacturing,
marketing, financial and personnel resources available to them, may have better
access to such resources and may be better able to attract and retain highly
qualified personnel resources. Competition also may be affected by consolidation
among communications equipment providers as well as entrants into the
communications equipment market. As a result, other providers may respond more
quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements.
In addition, technological change, the increasing addition of Internet, data,
video, voice and other services to networks, the possibility of regulatory
changes and industry consolidation are likely to continue to cause rapid
evolution in the competitive environment. The full scope and nature of these
changes are difficult to predict. Increased competition, particularly from Asia
based competitors, could lead to price cuts, reduced gross margins and loss of
market share, which may adversely affect our business, operating results and
financial condition.

Conditions in
international markets could affect our operations.

Approximately 25% of our revenues were derived from
sales outside of North American in 2005 with 34% derived from sales outside of
North America in 2004. Due to the scope of our international sales and our
international operations and research and development organizations, we are
subject to the risks of conducting business internationally. These risks
include:

•
   local
economic and market conditions;

•
   political
and economic instability;

•
   reliance
on third parties, who may be competitors, to sell and service our products in
certain applications in certain countries;

•
   unexpected
changes in legislative or regulatory requirements;

•
   fluctuations
in currency exchange rates;

•
   tariffs
and other barriers and restrictions, including established relationships
between government-controlled carriers and local equipment vendors;

•
   longer
payment cycles;

•
   difficulties
in enforcing intellectual property and contract rights;

•
   greater
difficulty in accounts receivable collection;

•
   potentially
adverse taxes, including any U.S. taxes imposed upon our actual or deemed
repatriation of earnings of foreign subsidiaries;

•
   potentially
lower margins and less certainty of support for customer relationships where
foreign sales are made through local distributors; and

•
   the
burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws and telecommunications
standards.

14

We also are subject to general geopolitical risks,
such as political and economic instability and changes in diplomatic and trade
relationships. We maintain business operations and have sales in many
international markets. Economic conditions in many of these markets represent
significant risks. We cannot predict whether sales and business operations in
these markets will be adversely affected by these conditions. Instability in
foreign markets, particularly in Asia, Latin America and the Middle East, could
have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and operating
results. In addition to the effect of international economic instability on
foreign sales, domestic sales to U.S. customers with significant foreign
operations could be adversely impacted by these economic conditions, which may
adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results in the
future.

We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could
negatively impact our financial results and cash flows.

Because
a portion of our business is conducted outside the United States, we face
exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. These
exposures may change over time as business practices evolve, and they could
have a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows. Additionally,
we have exposures to emerging market currencies, which can have extreme
currency volatility. An increase in the value of the dollar could increase the
real cost to our customers of our products in those markets outside the United
States where we sell in U.S. dollars, and a weakened U.S. dollar could increase
the cost of local operating expenses and procurement of raw materials to the
extent that we must purchase components in foreign currencies.

Currently, we enter into foreign exchange forward
contracts to minimize the short-term impact of foreign currency fluctuations on
certain foreign currency receivables, investments, and payables. In addition,
we periodically hedge anticipated foreign currency cash flows. Our attempts to
hedge against these risks may not be successful, resulting in an adverse impact
on our net income.

We may encounter
difficulties obtaining necessary raw materials and supplies.

Our ability to make and service our products and meet
customer demands depends upon our ability to obtain timely deliveries of
important raw materials and supplies within certain quality standards. The
availability of these raw materials and supplies is subject to market forces
beyond our control. From time to time there may not be sufficient quantities of
raw materials and supplies in the marketplace to meet the customer demand for
our products. In addition, the costs to obtain these raw materials and supplies
are subject to price fluctuations. Many companies use the same raw materials
and supplies to produce their products that we use to produce our products.
Companies with more resources may have a competitive advantage in obtaining raw
materials and supplies due to greater buying power. In addition, we currently
purchase certain key components from sole or limited-source vendors, and most
of our component purchases are on a purchase-order basis without guaranteed
supply arrangements. If supply is disrupted, we may be unable to find an
alternative source in a timely manner, at favorable prices or of acceptable
quality. These circumstances may limit our ability to meet scheduled deliveries
to customers and may increase our expenses. Reduced supply or higher prices for
raw materials and supplies may adversely affect our business, operating results
and financial condition.

We depend on
contract manufacturers and third-party service providers.

We have purchase agreements with contract
manufacturers that require them to purchase component parts used in
manufacturing our products and authorize them to buy components in accordance
with agreed-upon lead times. As customers increasingly demand shorter delivery
timeframes, the difficulty of accurately forecasting component needs creates
additional risk. Failing to estimate requirements accurately can lead to
monetary penalties, excess or obsolete inventory or disruptions in
manufacturing. Further, since our contract manufacturers purchase many of the
components for our products, we are subject to and dependent on the terms of
the agreements between the contract manufacturer and the supplier. As a result,
if a component were to fail or be outside of the quality standards that we set,
our ability to take legal action against that supplier is limited. In addition,
the contract manufacturers may not allocate sufficient resources to the timely
completion of our orders in accordance with our quality standards. Qualifying a
new contract manufacturer is costly and time-consuming and could result in
significant interruptions in the supply of products to our customers.

We rely on a small number of contract manufacturers to
perform the majority of our product manufacturing. The qualification of these
manufacturers is an expensive and time-consuming process, and these
manufacturers build products for other companies, including our competitors. We
are constantly reviewing their manufacturing capability to ensure they meet our
production requirements in terms of cost, capacity and quality. Periodically,
we may decide to transfer the manufacturing of a product from one contract
manufacturer to another to better meet our production needs. It is possible
that we may not effectively manage this transition or the new contract
manufacturer may not perform as well as expected and, as a result, we may not
be able to fill orders in a timely manner, which could harm our business.

15

These limitations and the failure to deliver products
on time may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial
condition.

We rely on the use of third-party customer service
providers to deliver, install and turn-up products. We depend on such
third-party agents to perform key on-site services for our customers. We cannot
control the availability of such resources or the quality of the services
provided by such third parties. Scarcity of resources, price fluctuations, or
quality or delivery issues may adversely affect our business, operating results
and financial condition.

We may be unable to
sell customer-specific inventory, which could result in lower gross profit
margins and net income.

Some customers’ order specifications require us to
design and build systems and purchase parts that are unique to a single
customer. In many cases, we forecast and purchase components in advance and
allocate resources to design and manufacture the systems. If customers’
requirements change or if they delay or cancel orders, we may be unable to
cost-effectively rework system configurations or return parts to inventory as
available-for-sale. Writedowns and accruals for unrealizable inventory will
negatively impact our gross profit margins and net income.

Intellectual
property rights may not be adequate to protect our business.

Our future success depends in part upon our proprietary
technology. Although we have attempted to protect our proprietary technology
through various mechanisms including patents, copyrights, trademarks,
contractual obligations and trade secrets, third parties may attempt to use our
technology without authorization. It is difficult to police the unauthorized
use of products and technologies, particularly in certain foreign countries,
whose laws may not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as
the laws of the United States. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our
intellectual property rights, which could be costly and disruptive while not
guaranteeing a successful result. In addition, competitors may develop
competitive technology independently without violating our proprietary rights.
Any inability to protect or enforce proprietary rights and information could
result in loss of competitive advantage, loss of customer orders and decreased
revenues.

We may be subject
to intellectual property infringement claims that are costly and time consuming
to defend. These claims could limit our ability to use some technologies in the
future.

As competition in the communications equipment
industry increases and the functionality of the products in our industry
converges, companies in the communications equipment industry increasingly
become the target of infringement claims and other intellectual property
disputes. We are likely to remain subject to claims based upon third-party
patents or other proprietary rights, including claims that may originate from
competitors. Any such third parties may choose to litigate their claims, or we
may pursue litigation to determine the scope and validity of such third parties’
rights. We may be unsuccessful in any such litigation. We may be unable to
secure, on commercially reasonable terms, any licenses that we may seek to
secure. Third-party claims, whether with or without merit, potentially can
result in:

•
   costly
litigation;

•
   diverting
management’s time, attention and resources;

•
   delaying
or halting product shipments;

•
   requiring
us to pay damages;

•
   requiring
us to enter into royalty-bearing licensing arrangements or to obtain substitute
technology of lower quality or higher cost; or

•
   otherwise
imposing obligations or restrictions that could adversely affect our business,
financial condition and operating results.

Product quality or
performance problems could impact our business.

The development and production of new products with
high technology content often involves problems with software, components and
manufacturing methods. If significant reliability, quality or network
monitoring problems develop, including those due to defects in software or
faulty components, a number of negative effects on our business could result,
including:

•
   costs
to fix software or hardware defects;

•
   high
service and warranty expenses;

16

•
   payment
of liquidated damages for performance failures;

•
   high
inventory obsolescence expense;

•
   high
levels of product returns;

•
   delays
or interruptions in product turn-up;

•
   delays
in collecting accounts receivable;

•
   reduced
orders from existing customers; and

•
   declining
interest from potential customers.

We may not realize
expected benefits from any restructuring initiatives.

In response to industry and market conditions, we have
restructured businesses and reduced our workforce. In light of the rapidly
changing market for communications equipment, we may have to restructure in the
future to achieve certain cost savings and to strategically realign our
resources. We cannot predict whether we will realize expected synergies and
improved operating performance as a result of any restructuring and
streamlining of operations. We also cannot predict whether any restructuring
and streamlining of operations will adversely affect our ability to retain key
employees, which, in turn, would adversely affect our operating results.
Further, in the event the market fluctuates up or down, we may not have the
appropriate level of resources and personnel to appropriately react to the
change.

We may be unable to
identify or complete strategic acquisitions, investments and dispositions.

Our long-term growth strategy includes building value
for the company through a variety of methods, including acquisition of,
investment by us in, or joint ventures in, complementary businesses, products,
services or technologies and potential divestitures of certain portions of our
business. We cannot assure that we will be able to identify suitable third
parties for these transactions. Even if we identify suitable third parties to
participate in these transactions, we cannot assure that we will be able to
make them on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. If we acquire a company,
it may be difficult to assimilate its businesses, products, services,
technologies and personnel into our operations. These difficulties could disrupt
our ongoing business, distract our management and workforce, increase our
expenses and adversely affect our operating results. In addition, we may incur
debt or be required to issue equity securities to pay for future acquisitions
or investments. The issuance of any equity securities could be dilutive to our
stockholders. We also may need to make further investments to support the
acquired company and may have difficulty identifying and acquiring the
appropriate resources. If we divest or otherwise exit certain portions of our
business, we may be required to record accrued liabilities for special one-time
charges, such as workforce reduction costs, closure of excess facilities and
excess inventory write-offs. Furthermore, estimates with respect to the useful
life and ultimate recoverability of our carrying basis of assets, including
goodwill and purchased intangible assets, could change as a result of such
disposition.

We are subject to
numerous and changing industry regulations and standards.

Our products must comply with a significant number of
communications industry technological regulations and standards, which vary
between U.S. and international markets, and must interoperate with other
products. Testing to ensure compliance with technological standards and
interoperability requires significant investments of time and money. If we fail
to ensure compliance with evolving standards and regulations in a timely manner
or fail to maintain interoperability with equipment from other companies, we
could experience customer contract penalties or delayed or lost customer
orders, decreased revenues and reduced net income that may adversely affect our
business, financial condition and operating results. To remain competitive, we
also must comply with industry certifications such as ISO and TL 9000.

We operate in an
environment subject to changing governmental regulations.

The communications equipment industry is subject to
governmental regulation in the United States and other countries. Our business
depends upon the continued growth of the telecommunications industry in the
United States and internationally. Federal and state regulatory agencies
regulate most of our domestic customers, and foreign customers also are subject
to regulation. In particular, there may be future changes in U.S.
telecommunications regulations that could slow the expansion of service
providers’ network infrastructures and adversely affect our business, operating
results and financial condition. Future changes in tariffs by regulatory agencies
or application of tariff requirements to currently untariffed services could
adversely affect the sales of our products for certain classes of customers.
Moreover, uncertainty regarding future legislation and governmental policies
combined with emerging competition also may affect the demand for our products.
Competition could intensify as a result of future regulatory changes or new

17

regulations in the United States or internationally,
which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial
condition.

Our failure to comply with applicable environmental laws and
regulations worldwide could adversely impact our business and results of
operations.

The manufacture, assembly
and testing of our products may require the use of hazardous materials that are
subject to a broad array of environmental, health and safety laws and
regulations. Our failure to comply with any of these applicable laws or
regulations could result in:

•
   regulatory
penalties, fines and legal liabilities;

•
   suspension
of production; or

•
   curtailment
of our operations or sales.

In addition, our failure
to properly manage the use, transportation, emission, discharge, storage,
recycling or disposal of hazardous materials could subject us to increased
costs or future liabilities. Existing and future environmental laws and
regulations may restrict our use of certain materials in our manufacturing,
assembly and test processes or products. Any of these consequences could
adversely impact our business and results of operations by increasing our
expenses and/or requiring us to alter our manufacturing processes.

Our business would be adversely affected if we are unable to attract
and retain key personnel.

Our success depends in large part on our ability to
attract and retain highly skilled technical, managerial, sales, and marketing
personnel. Competition for these personnel is intense. The loss of services of
any of our key personnel, the inability to retain and attract qualified
personnel in the future, or delays in hiring required personnel, particularly
engineering and sales personnel, could make it difficult to meet key
objectives, such as timely and effective product introductions.