Our operating results will fluctuate, which may
cause volatility in our stock price. 

Our operating results have varied significantly from quarter to quarter, and those results may continue to
fluctuate due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include, but are not limited to: 

•

 changing conditions in the telecommunications market and in the U.S. and global economy; 

•

 the volume and timing of orders from and shipments to customers; 

•

 the timing of, and our ability to obtain, new customer contracts; 

•

 the ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel; 

•

 the ability to maintain solid and healthy customer and supplier relationships and favorable contract terms; 

•

 the timing of, and our ability to recognize revenue for, product and service sales; 

•

 the potential deferral of customer acceptance of new products compared with our existing products; 

•

 the market acceptance of new and enhanced versions of our products and services; 

•

 variations in the mix of products and services we sell, and the demand and market acceptance of those products and services; 

•

 our utilization of production capacity and employees, and our ability to manufacture and ship products efficiently; 

•

 the availability and cost of key components; 

•

 the ability to obtain reliable and high-quality components for our products; 

•

 introductions or announcements of new products by competitors; 

•

 changes in accounting rules and interpretations; 

•

 our ability to integrate and operate acquired businesses and technologies; 

•

 the ability to prevail or mitigate liability in legal disputes and resulting litigation; 

•

 seasonality, which has often caused revenue to differ from quarter to quarter; and 

•

 the ability to satisfy and comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations in the various locations where we operate our business and sell our products and
services, including international locations. 

Our recent operating results may not be a good predictor of our results in future periods.
We base our expense levels in part on expectations of future revenue. If revenue levels in a particular period are lower than expected, our operating results will be adversely affected. The failure to meet the expectations of the investment
community may cause our stock price to decline, possibly substantially. A significant stock price decline could result in litigation, which could be costly, lengthy and divert management’s attention and resources from business operations.

The market for communications equipment products and services is rapidly changing and very competitive. 

The market for communications network equipment products and integration services is rapidly changing. Our success will depend in part on our ability to develop and
introduce new products and successfully compete with telecommunications equipment providers, particularly those in Asia, that have lower cost structures and product and service prices. We cannot predict with certainty technological trends or new
products in the market, something that our competitors may be able to do more accurately and rapidly. In addition, we cannot predict whether our products and services will meet with market acceptance or profitability. These factors may lead to an
inability to successfully compete, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results or prospects. 

Demand for our
products may decrease if we do not anticipate and adapt to changing technology and customer requirements. 

Communications companies face evolving
industry standards, changing market conditions, frequent introductions of new or enhanced products and services. The introduction of new products and technologies or the adoption of new industry standards can quickly make existing products or
products under development obsolete or unmarketable. To grow and remain competitive, we must adapt to these changing technologies and industry standards, enhance our existing solutions and introduce new solutions to address our customers’
changing demands. 

In addition, new product developments often require long-term forecasting of market trends, development and implementation of new
technologies and processes, and substantial capital commitment. We have invested, and will continue to invest, substantial resources 

12 

Table of Contents

for new product development. We often must make these investments before knowing if the resulting new product will meet with market acceptance or generate
revenue. We currently incur costs and expenses in preparation for the deployment of several new products. These costs will precede revenue generation and profits from those products. 

We may experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful design, development, introduction or marketing of new products. These new products and product enhancements must meet the requirements of
current and prospective customers and achieve significant market acceptance. 

The success of new products depends on several factors, including proper new
product definition, component costs, timely completion and introduction of products, differentiation of new products from those of our competitors, and market acceptance. We cannot assure that we will successfully identify new product opportunities,
develop and bring new products to market in a timely manner, or achieve market acceptance of our products. The products and technologies that we pursue may not have the market success we anticipate, and we may not successfully identify and invest in
other advanced technologies. If we fail to anticipate or respond on a cost-effective and timely basis to technological developments, changes in industry standards or customer requirements; if we have any significant delays in product development or
introduction; or if our products are not accepted in the market place to the extent we expect, our business, financial condition, operating results or prospects could be adversely affected. 

Our new products will be early in their life cycles and will face challenges for market acceptance. 

We made and will continue to make significant investments in new products. These new products are early in their life cycles and are subject to uncertain market demand.
They also may face obstacles in manufacturing, deployment and competitive response. Customers may not invest the additional capital required for initial system deployment. Additionally, as customers complete infrastructure deployments, they may
require greater levels of service, support and financing than we provided in the past. We cannot assure that we can provide products, services, support and financing to effectively compete for these market opportunities. 

A limited number of our customers represent a large portion of revenue. 

A large portion of our revenue likely will depend on sales to a limited number of customers in specific geographic areas. The largest customer groups are independent local exchange carriers (“ILECs”), which
include Verizon, AT&T (including BellSouth) and Qwest Communications; and wireless customers, which include T-Mobile, AT&T (formerly known as Cingular), Sprint and Verizon Wireless. Sales to each of Verizon (including Verizon Wireless), AT
& T (including BellSouth) and Sprint constituted more than 10% of our total revenue for 2006. Further, aggregate sales to Verizon (including Verizon Wireless), AT & T (including BellSouth and Cingular) constituted approximately 50% of our
total revenue for 2006. These ILEC customers primarily operate in the United States, which geographic market represented approximately 76% of our total revenue in 2006. We cannot assure that these customers will continue to purchase our products
from us. If a significant existing customer merges with another company, we cannot assure that it will continue to purchase our products at prior level or at all. The loss of one or more large existing customers or a decrease in the level of
purchases from these customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 

We continue to
assess the impact to our business of consolidation of businesses at AT&T, but at this point do not know with any certainty the future impact to our business and operating results. Due to our dependence on a large portion of our revenue from a
limited number of customers, our bargaining power with respect to prices and contractual terms is often limited. Therefore, we could be, and in some cases have been, required to grant pricing or other concessions to obtain new business or maintain
existing business. Such a situation may negatively affect our operating results. 

In some cases, our ability to negotiate reasonable sales and services
terms with our larger customers is limited. In such situations, in order to maintain or grow sales opportunities with our customers, we may be required to accept rigid and unfavorable terms that include aggressive development schedules, performance
penalties (such as liquidated damages, broad replacement warranties and other provisions that require actions or payments), no purchase commitments or guarantees and the inability to terminate such agreements. We have in the past agreed to such
terms and may be required to do so in the future. 

Our revenue depends on the capital spending programs and financial capabilities of our customers
and ultimately on the demand for new telecommunications services from users. 

Our customers are telecommunications service providers and, in the
United States, include, without limitation, ILEC’s, independent operating companies, wireless carriers and cable companies. Our ability to generate revenue depends on the capital spending patterns and financial capabilities of these customers,
which in turn depend upon the stage of completion of expanding network infrastructures; the availability of funding; and the extent to which our customers are affected by regulatory, economic, and business conditions in the geographic areas where
they operate. Additionally, our customers typically have long implementation cycles; require a broader range of services including design services; demand that vendors take on a large share of risk; and often require acceptance provisions, which can
lead to revenue deferrals. The telecommunications industry recently was affected by financial problems and reduced capital spending by carriers. These conditions adversely affected our operating results in several prior fiscal years and, if these
conditions return, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Further, we cannot assure that carriers, foreign governments or other customers will pursue infrastructure upgrades that require our
products and solutions. Infrastructure improvements may be delayed or prevented by a variety of factors including cost, regulatory obstacles, 

13 

Table of Contents

mergers, lack of consumer demand for advanced telecommunications services and alternative approaches to service delivery. Reductions in capital expenditures
by companies in the telecommunications industry could seriously harm our revenue, net income and cash flows. 

We operate in a highly competitive
industry. 

Our products and services continue to face competitive pressures. Our success in competing with other communications equipment providers
will depend primarily on the following: 

•

 the price, quality and reliability of our products; 

•

 our engineering, manufacturing and marketing skills; 

•

 our delivery and service capabilities; 

•

 our control of operating expenses and management of assets; and 

•

 our ability to integrate acquired businesses effectively. 

We also may face more intense competition in certain markets as a reaction to our larger presence. Pricing pressures could increase from current and future competitors and customers. Many current competitors have, and future competitors
also may have, more engineering, manufacturing, marketing, financial and personnel resources available to them, may have better access to such resources and may be better able to attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Consolidation among
communications equipment providers as well as entrants into the communications equipment market also may affect competition. As a result, other providers may respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements
and be able to offer a wider range of products and services, separately or bundled together. In addition, technological change, the increasing addition of Internet, data, video, voice and other services to networks, the possibility of regulatory
changes and industry consolidation will likely continue to cause rapid evolution in the competitive environment. The full scope and nature of these changes are difficult to predict. Increased competition, particularly from Asia-based competitors,
could lead to price cuts, reduced gross margins and loss of market share, which may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Conditions in international markets could affect our operations. 

Sales outside of North America generated approximately 24% of our
revenue in 2006 and 25% in 2005. Due to our international sales and our international operations and research and development organizations, we are subject to the risks of conducting business internationally. These risks include: 

•

 local economic and market conditions; 

•

 political and economic instability; 

•

 reliance on third parties, who may be competitors, to sell and service our products in certain applications in certain countries; 

•

 unexpected changes in legislative or regulatory requirements; 

•

 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 

•

 tariffs and other barriers and restrictions, including established relationships between government-controlled carriers and local equipment vendors;

•

 longer payment cycles; 

•

 difficulties in enforcing intellectual property and contract rights; 

•

 greater difficulty in accounts receivable collection; 

•

 potentially adverse taxes, including any U.S. taxes imposed upon our actual or deemed repatriation of earnings of foreign subsidiaries;

•

 potentially lower margins and less certainty of support for customer relationships where foreign sales are made through local distributors; and

•

 the burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws and telecommunications standards. 

We also are subject to general geopolitical risks, such as political and economic instability and changes in diplomatic and trade relationships. We maintain business
operations and have sales in many international markets. Economic conditions in many of these markets represent significant risks. We cannot predict whether sales and business operations in these markets will be adversely affected by these
conditions. Instability in foreign markets, particularly in Asia, Latin America and the Middle East, could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition to the effect of international economic 

14 

Table of Contents

instability on foreign sales, domestic sales to U.S. customers with significant foreign operations could be adversely impacted by these economic conditions,
which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results in the future. 

We are exposed to fluctuations in currency
exchange rates that could negatively impact our financial results and cash flows. 

Because we conduct a substantial portion of our business outside
the United States, we face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve, and they could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows.
Additionally, we have exposures to emerging market currencies, which can have extreme currency volatility. An increase in the value of the dollar could increase the real cost to our customers outside the United States where we sell in U.S. dollars.
A weakened U.S. dollar could increase the cost of local operating expenses and procurement of raw materials to the extent that we must purchase components in foreign currencies. 

We may encounter difficulties obtaining necessary raw materials and supplies. 

Our ability to make and service
our products and meet customer demands depends on our ability to obtain timely deliveries of important raw materials and supplies within certain quality standards. The availability of these raw materials and supplies is subject to market forces
beyond our control. From time to time there may not be sufficient quantities of raw materials and supplies in the marketplace to meet the customer demand for our products. In addition, the costs to obtain these raw materials and supplies are subject
to price fluctuations. Many companies use the same raw materials and supplies to produce their products that we use to produce our products. Companies with more resources may have a competitive advantage in obtaining raw materials and supplies due
to greater buying power. In addition, we currently purchase certain key components from sole or limited-source vendors, and most of our component purchases are on a purchase-order basis without guaranteed supply arrangements. If supply is disrupted,
we may be unable to find an alternative source in a timely manner, at favorable prices or of acceptable quality. These circumstances may limit our ability to meet scheduled deliveries to customers and may increase our expenses. Reduced supply or
higher prices for raw materials and supplies may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

We depend on contract
manufacturers and third-party service providers. 

We have purchase agreements with contract manufacturers that require them to buy components used
to manufacture our products and authorize them to buy components in accordance with agreed-upon lead times. As customers increasingly demand shorter delivery timeframes, the difficulty of accurately forecasting component needs creates additional
risk. Failure to estimate requirements accurately can lead to monetary penalties, excess or obsolete inventory, or manufacturing disruptions. Further, since we do not, in every instance, have a contractual relationship with suppliers to our contract
manufacturers, we are subject to and dependent on the terms of the agreements between the contract manufacturer and the supplier. As a result, we have limited ability to take legal action against suppliers if a component fails or is outside of the
quality standards we set. In addition, the contract manufacturers may not allocate sufficient resources to the timely completion of our orders in accordance with our quality standards and result in significant interruptions in the supply of products
to our customers. 

We rely on a small number of contract manufacturers to perform the majority of our product manufacturing. The qualification of these
manufacturers is an expensive and time-consuming process, and these manufacturers build products for other companies, including our competitors. We constantly review their manufacturing capability to ensure they meet our production requirements in
terms of cost, capacity and quality. Periodically, we may decide to transfer the manufacturing of a product from one contract manufacturer to another to better meet our production needs. It is possible that we may not effectively manage this
transition or the new contract manufacturer may not perform as well as expected. As a result, we may not be able to fill orders in a timely manner, which could harm our business. These limitations and the failure to deliver products on time may
adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

We rely on the use of third-party customer service providers to deliver and
install products. We depend on such third-party agents to perform key on-site services for our customers. We cannot control the availability of such resources or the quality of the services provided by such third parties. Scarcity of resources,
price fluctuations, quality or delivery issues may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

15 

Table of Contents

We may be unable to sell customer-specific inventory, which could result in lower gross profit margins and net
income. 

Some customers’ order specifications require us to design and build systems and purchase parts that are unique to a single customer.
In many cases, we forecast and purchase components in advance and allocate resources to design and manufacture the systems. If our customers’ requirements change or if they delay or cancel orders, we may be unable to cost-effectively rework
system configurations or return parts to inventory as available-for-sale. Write-downs and accruals for unrealizable inventory will negatively impact our gross profit margins and net income. 

Intellectual property rights may not be adequate to protect our business. 

Our future success depends in part on our intellectual property, including our proprietary technology and innovations. We have attempted to protect our intellectual property through various mechanisms such as patents,
copyrights, trademarks, contractual obligations and trade secrets. We cannot be assured, however, that the patents we obtain and other intellectual property rights that we hold will necessarily provide us with any competitive advantage. Third
parties may attempt to use our intellectual property without authorization. It is difficult to police the unauthorized use of our intellectual property, particularly in certain foreign countries, the laws of which may not protect intellectual
property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, which could be costly and disruptive; there is no guarantee that we will obtain a successful result, no
matter how much time, money and energy we spend on litigation. In addition, competitors and others may develop competitive technology independently without violating our proprietary rights. Any inability to secure, protect or enforce proprietary
rights could result in loss of any competitive advantage, loss of customer orders and decreased revenue. 

We may be subject to intellectual property
infringement claims that are costly and time consuming to defend. These claims could limit our ability to use some technologies. 

As competition in
the communications equipment industry increases and the functionality of the products in this industry converges, companies in the industry increasingly become the target of infringement claims and other intellectual property disputes. Third parties
may assert infringement claims against us or our customers or partners in connection with our products, services or other aspects of our business. From time to time we receive notices or claims based upon third-party patents or other proprietary
rights, including notices or claims that may originate from competitors. Any such third parties may choose to litigate their claims, or we may pursue litigation to determine the scope and validity of any such proprietary rights. We may be
unsuccessful in any such litigation. We may be unable to secure, on commercially reasonable terms, any licenses that we seek. Third-party claims, whether with or without merit, potentially can result in: 

•

 costly litigation; 

•

 diverting management’s time, attention and resources; 

•

 delaying or halting product shipments or services delivery; 

•

 requiring us to pay damages; 

•

 requiring us to enter into royalty-bearing licensing arrangements or to obtain substitute technology of lower quality or higher cost; or

•

 otherwise imposing obligations or restrictions that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Product quality or performance problems could impact our business. 

The development and production of new products with high technology content often involves problems with components and manufacturing methods. If significant problems in reliability, quality or network monitoring develop, including those
due to defects in product, a number of negative effects on our business could result, including: 

•

 costs to fix product defects; 

•

 high service and warranty expenses; 

•

 payment of liquidated damages for performance failures; 

•

 high inventory obsolescence expense; 

•

 high levels of product returns; 

•

 delays or interruptions in product turn-up; 

•

 delays in collecting accounts receivable; 

•

 reduced orders from existing customers; and 

•

 declining interest from potential customers. 

16 

Table of Contents

Our business would be adversely affected if we are unable to attract and retain key personnel. 

Our success depends largely on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled technical, managerial, sales and marketing personnel. Competition for these personnel
is intense. The loss of services of any of our key personnel, the inability to retain and attract qualified personnel in the future, or delays in hiring required personnel, particularly engineering and sales personnel, could make it difficult to
meet key objectives, such as timely and effective product introductions. 

We may not realize expected benefits from restructuring initiatives.

In the past, we have restructured our business and reduced our workforce in response to industry and market conditions. In light of the rapidly
changing market for communications equipment, we may have to restructure in the future to achieve certain cost savings and to strategically realign our resources. If we further restructure our business or reduce our workforce, we may be required to
record additional liabilities. We cannot predict whether we will realize expected synergies and improved operating performance as a result of any restructuring and streamlining of operations. We also cannot predict whether any restructuring and
streamlining of operations will adversely affect our ability to retain key employees, which, in turn, would adversely affect our operating results. Further, in the event the market fluctuates up or down, we may not have the appropriate level of
resources and personnel to appropriately react to the change. 

We may be unable to identify or complete strategic acquisitions, investments and
dispositions. 

Our long-term growth strategy includes building value for the company through a variety of methods. These methods include acquisition
of, investment in, or joint ventures in, complementary businesses, products, services or technologies and potential divestitures of certain portions of our business. We cannot assure that we will be able to identify suitable third parties for these
transactions. Even if we identify suitable third parties to participate in these transactions, we cannot assure that we will be able to make them on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. If we acquire a company, it may be difficult to assimilate
its businesses, products, services, technologies and personnel into our operations. These difficulties could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and workforce, increase our expenses and adversely affect our operating results. In
addition, we may incur debt or be required to issue equity securities to pay for future acquisitions or investments. The issuance of any equity securities could be dilutive to our stockholders. We also may need to make further investments to support
the acquired company and may have difficulty identifying and acquiring appropriate resources. If we divest or otherwise exit certain portions of our business, we may be required to record additional liabilities, for items such as workforce reduction
costs, closure of excess facilities and excess inventory write-offs. Furthermore, estimates with respect to the useful life and ultimate recoverability of our carrying basis of assets, including goodwill and purchased intangible assets, could change
as a result of such disposition. 

We are subject to numerous and changing industry regulations and standards. 

Our products must comply with a significant number of communications industry technological regulations and standards, which vary between U.S. and international markets.
Our products also must interoperate with third-party products. Testing to ensure compliance with technological standards and interoperability requires significant time and money. If we fail to ensure compliance with evolving standards and
regulations in a timely manner or fail to maintain interoperability with equipment from other companies, we could experience customer contract penalties, delayed or lost customer orders, decreased revenue and reduced net income that may adversely
affect our business, financial condition and operating results. To remain competitive, and in some cases remain compliant with customer requirements, we also must comply with industry certifications such as ISO (International Organization for
Standardization) and TL 9000, a quality management system developed for the telecommunications industry. 

We operate in an environment subject to
changing government regulations. 

The communications equipment industry is subject to government regulation in the United States and other
countries. Our business depends on the continued growth of the telecommunications industry worldwide. Federal and state agencies regulate most of our domestic customers, and foreign customers also are subject to regulation. In particular, there may
be future changes in U.S. telecommunications regulations that could slow the expansion of service providers’ network infrastructures and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Future changes in tariffs by
regulatory agencies or application of tariff requirements to currently untariffed services could adversely affect the sales of our products for certain classes of customers. Moreover, uncertainty regarding future legislation and government policies
combined with emerging competition also may affect the 

17 

Table of Contents

demand for our products. Competition could intensify as a result of future regulatory changes or new regulations in the markets where we operate and sell our
products and services, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Our failure to comply with applicable
environmental laws and regulations worldwide could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 

The manufacture, assembly and testing
of our products may require the use of hazardous materials that are subject to a broad array of environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. Our failure to comply with any of these applicable laws or regulations could result in:

•

 regulatory penalties, fines and legal liabilities, 

•

 suspension of production, or 

•

 curtailment of our operations or sales. 

In
addition, our failure to properly manage the use, transportation, emission, discharge, storage, recycling or disposal of hazardous materials could subject us to increased costs or future liabilities. Existing and future environmental laws and
regulations may restrict our use of certain materials to manufacture, assemble and test products. Any of these consequences could adversely impact our business and results of operations by increasing our expenses and/or requiring us to alter our
manufacturing processes.