Our operating results
will fluctuate, which may cause volatility in our stock price. 

Our operating results have varied significantly from quarter to
quarter, and those results may continue to fluctuate due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include, but are not limited to: 

•

 changing conditions in the U.S. and global economy generally as well as in the telecommunications market specifically; 

•

 the volume and timing of orders from and shipments to customers; 

•

 the timing of, and our ability to obtain, new customer contracts; 

•

 the ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel; 

•

 the ability to maintain solid and healthy customer and supplier relationships and favorable contract terms; 

•

 the timing of, and our ability to recognize revenue for, product and service sales; 

•

 the potential deferral of customer acceptance of new products compared with our existing products; 

•

 the ability to maintain adequate and effective systems to support business processes and sustain the current and future needs of the business;

•

 the market acceptance of new and enhanced versions of our products and services; 

•

 variations in the mix of products and services we sell, and the demand and market acceptance of those products and services;

•

 our utilization of production capacity and employees, and our ability to manufacture and ship products efficiently; 

•

 the availability and cost of key components; 

•

 the ability to obtain reliable and high-quality components for our products; 

•

 introductions or announcements of new products by competitors; 

•

 changes in accounting rules and interpretations; 

•

 changes in tax rates, laws or regulations; 

•

 our ability to integrate and operate acquired businesses and technologies; 

•

 the potential impairment of investments, goodwill and intangible assets; 

•

 the ability to prevail or mitigate liability in legal disputes and resulting litigation; 

•

 seasonality, which has often caused revenue to differ from quarter to quarter; and 

•

 the ability to satisfy and comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations in the various locations where we operate our business and sell our
products and services, including international locations. 

Our recent operating results may not be a good predictor of our
results in future periods. We base our expense levels in part on expectations of future revenue. If revenue levels in a particular period are lower than expected, our operating results will be adversely affected and could result in further
restructurings and asset impairments. The failure to meet the expectations of the investment community may cause our stock price to decline, possibly substantially. A significant stock price decline could result in litigation, which could be costly,
lengthy and divert management’s attention and resources from business operations. 

Economic conditions and uncertain economic
outlook could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

The global economy has recently undergone a period
of unprecedented volatility, which has affected the demand for equipment, services and supplies. A further decline or prolonged period of slow or no growth could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and
exacerbate the other risk factors related to our business. Possible effects of current and future adverse economic conditions on our business include: decrease in purchases or usage of our products and decreased demand for services and supplies by
consumers and business customers if increased unemployment leads to lower utilization of telecommunications and Internet services. Our 

12 

Table of Contents

customers or channel partners may stop or decrease purchasing due to their efforts to reduce inventory and conserve cash and/or their inability to obtain financing. We may also experience
disruptions in our business due to our inability to obtain equipment, parts and supplies from our suppliers – and our suppliers from their suppliers – if marginal supply businesses fail; collection delinquencies due to insolvency of our
customers or shortage of cash to support their businesses; and decrease in our ability to hedge currency exposures due to higher hedging costs because of extreme volatility of exchange rates. In addition, a prolonged economic downturn could impact
the viability of our current vision and strategy. If our strategy is not re-evaluated in a timely fashion our future growth and operating results could be adversely impacted. To the extent we are not able to continue to generate ample cash from
operations, it may also adversely impact our ability to invest in the growth of our business, repurchase shares or pay dividends. 

We
are exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our investments and in interest rates; impairment of our investments could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types and maturities. These securities are generally classified as available-for-sale and, consequently, are recorded on our Consolidated Balance
Sheets at fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported as a separate component of Accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax. If the fair value declines, we may recognize the decline in earnings below the cost basis when the
decline is judged to be other-than-temporary. In addition, certain of our investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, interest rate and market risks. Fluctuating interest rates can add significant variability to interest income. Market
risks associated with our investment portfolio may have an adverse effect on our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. For information regarding the sensitivity of and risks associated with the market value of investments and
interest rates, refer to the section titled “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” included in this report and in our 2010 Annual Report, included herein as Exhibit 13. 

The market for communications equipment products and services is rapidly changing, very competitive and can fluctuate unpredictably from quarter to
quarter. 

The market for communications network equipment products and integration services is rapidly changing. Our success will
depend in part on our ability to develop and introduce new products and successfully compete with telecommunications equipment providers, particularly those who are larger than us or are in geographies that have lower cost structures. Such
competitors may be able and willing to offer lower product and service prices due to economies of scale, more favorable economic conditions or a desire to capture market share (whether profitable or not). We cannot predict with certainty
technological trends or new products in the market, something that our competitors may be able to do more accurately and rapidly. In addition, we cannot predict whether our products and services will meet with market acceptance or profitability.
These factors may lead to an inability to successfully compete, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results or prospects. 

Our revenue and results of operations can fluctuate unpredictably from quarter to quarter. Our budgeted expense levels depend in part on our expectations of long-term future revenue and gross margin and
substantial reductions in expense are difficult and can take time to implement. Uncertainty or lack of visibility into customer spending, and changes in economic or market conditions, can make it difficult to prepare reliable estimates of future
revenue and corresponding expense levels. Consequently, our level of operating expense or inventory may be high relative to our revenue, which could harm our ability to achieve or maintain profitability. Additional factors that contribute to
fluctuations in our revenue and operating results include: 

•

 economic and market conditions affecting us and our customers; 

•

 changes in capital spending by large communications service providers; 

•

 the timing and size of orders, including our ability to recognize revenue under customer contracts; and 

•

 variations in the mix between higher and lower margin products and services and the level of pricing pressure we encounter.

Many factors affecting results of operations are beyond our control, particularly in the case of large service provider
orders and multi-vendor or multi-technology network infrastructure builds where the achievement of certain thresholds for acceptance is subject to the readiness and performance of the customer or other providers, and changes in customer requirements
or installation plans. As a consequence, our results for a particular quarter may be difficult to predict, and our prior results are not necessarily indicative of results likely in future periods. Capital spending in the telecommunications industry
is cyclical and can be curtailed or deferred on short notice even within 

13 

Table of Contents

a quarter so we may not have visibility to the changed behavior until a quarter is almost concluded. The factors above may cause our operating results to fall below the expectations of securities
analysts or investors, which may cause our stock price to decline. 

Demand for our products may decrease if we do not anticipate and
adapt to changing technology and customer requirements. 

Communications companies face evolving industry standards, changing market
conditions, and frequent introductions of new or enhanced products and services. The introduction of new products and technologies or the adoption of new industry standards can quickly make existing products or products under development obsolete or
unmarketable. To grow and remain competitive, we must adapt to these changing technologies and industry standards, enhance our existing solutions and introduce new solutions to address our customers’ changing demands. If our development
strategy does not align with our portfolio vision and customer expectations, it could negatively impact our investment in research and development. 

In addition, new product developments often require long-term forecasting of market trends, development and implementation of new technologies and processes, and substantial capital commitment. We have
invested, and will continue to invest, substantial resources for new product development. We often must make these investments before knowing if the resulting new product will meet with market acceptance or generate revenue. We currently incur costs
and expenses in preparation for the deployment of several new products. These costs will precede revenue generation and profits from those products. 

We may experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful design, development, introduction or marketing of new products. Also, failure to designate appropriate resources, whether internal
or external, to develop new products could negatively impact our time to market. These new products and product enhancements must meet the requirements of current and prospective customers and achieve significant market acceptance. 

The success of new products depends on several factors, including proper new product definition, component costs, timely completion and introduction of
products, differentiation of new products from those of our competitors and market acceptance. We cannot assure that we will successfully identify new product opportunities, develop and bring new products to market in a timely manner or achieve
market acceptance of our products. The products and technologies that we pursue may not have the market success we anticipate, and we may not successfully identify and invest in other advanced technologies. If we fail to anticipate or respond
on a cost-effective and timely basis to technological developments, changes in industry standards or customer requirements; if we have any significant delays in product development or introduction; or if our products are not accepted in the
marketplace to the extent we expect, our business, financial condition, operating results or prospects could be adversely affected. 

Our
new products will be early in their life cycles and will face challenges for market acceptance and profitability. 

We made and will
continue to make significant investments in new products. If we do not achieve a balance between declining sales of mature products and increased sales and margins on new products there could be an adverse impact on our operating results. These new
products are early in their life cycles and are subject to uncertain market demand. They also may face obstacles in manufacturing, deployment and competitive response. Customers may not invest the additional capital required for initial system
deployment. Additionally, as customers complete infrastructure deployments, they may require greater levels of service, support and financing than we provided in the past. We cannot ensure that we can provide products, services, support and
financing to effectively compete for these market opportunities. We may also be delayed in recognizing revenue related to our new products and related services and may be required to recognize costs and expenses for such products before we can
recognize the related revenue. In addition, new products are less profitable (and currently such products are not profitable on an operating income basis) due to higher research and development expenses. Such uncertainty and delay could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 

A limited number of our customers
represent a large portion of our revenue. 

A large portion of our revenue depends on sales to a limited number of customers in specific
geographic areas. Traditional telecommunications service providers are our historical customer base and continue to represent the largest contributor to our revenue. We cannot assure that these customers will continue to purchase products from us.
If a significant existing customer merges with another company, we cannot assure that it will continue to 

14 

Table of Contents

purchase our products at prior levels or at all. In general, these large customers tend to want to do business with a limited number of large suppliers. The loss of one or more large existing
customers or a decrease in the level of purchases from these customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 

Consolidation among our largest customers may lead those combined customers to limit their communications equipment purchases to several large vendors, rather than the current practice of purchasing from
a number of different sized vendors. Since we are not among the largest communications equipment vendors, we may lose our ability to sell our products and services to those customers. The loss of our ability to sell to one or more of our large
customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 

Due to our dependence
on a large portion of our revenue from a limited number of customers, our bargaining power with respect to prices and contractual terms is often limited. Therefore, we could be, and in some cases have been, required to grant pricing or other
concessions to obtain new business or maintain existing business and the resulting pricing may not be sustainable. Such a situation may negatively affect our operating results. 

Our revenue depends on the capital spending programs and financial capabilities of our customers and ultimately on the demand for new telecommunications services from their consumer and business
customers. 

Our primary customers are communications service providers. Our ability to generate revenue depends on the capital spending
patterns and financial capabilities of these customers, which in turn depend on the stage of completion of expanding network infrastructures; the availability of funding; and the extent to which our customers are affected by regulatory, economic,
and business conditions in the geographic areas where they operate. Additionally, our larger customers typically have long implementation cycles; and often require acceptance provisions, which can lead to revenue deferrals. The
telecommunications industry recently was affected by financial problems and reduced capital spending by carriers. These conditions adversely affected our operating results in several prior fiscal years and, if these conditions return, could have a
material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Further, we cannot assure that network operators or other customers will pursue infrastructure upgrades that require our products and solutions. Infrastructure
improvements may be delayed or prevented by a variety of factors including cost, regulatory obstacles, mergers, lack of consumer demand for advanced telecommunications services and alternative approaches to service delivery. Reductions in capital
expenditures by companies in the telecommunications industry could seriously harm our revenue, net earnings and cash flows. 

Our
business would be adversely affected if we are unable to attract and retain key personnel. 

Our success depends largely
on our ability to attract, develop and retain highly skilled technical, managerial, administrative, sales and marketing personnel. Competition for these personnel is intense and we may fail to retain or attract key personnel if we do not
provide them with the proper vision, leadership and growth opportunities. The loss of services of any of our key personnel, the inability to retain and attract qualified personnel in the future, or delays in hiring required personnel,
particularly engineering and sales personnel, could make it difficult to meet our strategic goals and remain competitive as a technology company. 

We may not realize expected benefits from restructuring initiatives. 

In the past,
we have restructured our business and reduced our workforce in response to industry and market conditions. In light of the rapidly changing market for communications equipment, we may have to restructure in the future to achieve certain cost savings
and to strategically realign our resources. As we further restructure our business or reduce our workforce, we may be required to record additional liabilities. We cannot predict whether we will realize expected synergies and improved operating
performance as a result of any current or future restructuring and streamlining of operations. We also cannot predict whether any restructuring and streamlining of operations will adversely affect our ability to retain key employees, which, in turn,
would adversely affect our operating results. Further, in the event the market fluctuates up or down, we may not have the appropriate level of resources and personnel to appropriately react to the change. If we cannot effectively reduce our cost
structure while continuing to invest in growth opportunities, we may fail to meet strategic and market expectations, which could have an adverse effect on our operating results and share price. 

15 

Table of Contents

We operate in a highly competitive industry. 

Our products and services continue to face competitive pressures. Our success in competing with other communications equipment providers will depend
primarily on the following: 

•

 the price, quality and reliability of our products; 

•

 our engineering, manufacturing and marketing skills; 

•

 our ability to offer differentiated solutions and compete with end-to-end solutions providers; 

•

 our delivery and service capabilities; 

•

 our control of operating expenses and management of assets; 

•

 overall financial strength and stability; and 

•

 our ability to integrate acquired businesses effectively. 

We also may face more intense competition in certain markets. Pricing pressures could increase from current and future competitors and customers. Many current competitors have, and future competitors also
may have, more engineering, manufacturing, marketing, financial, and personnel resources available to them. Competitors may have better access to such resources and may be better able to attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Consolidation
among communications equipment providers as well as entrants into the communications equipment market also may affect competition. As a result, other providers may respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer
requirements and be able to offer a wider range of products and services, separately, bundled together or as end-to-end solutions. In addition, technological change, the increasing addition of Internet, data, video, voice and other services to
networks, the possibility of regulatory changes and industry consolidation will likely continue to cause rapid evolution in the competitive environment. The full scope and nature of these changes are difficult to predict. Increased competition,
particularly from large scale integrators and Asia-based competitors, could lead to price cuts, reduced gross margins and loss of market share, which may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Conditions in international markets will affect our operations. 

Sales outside of North America generated 30% of our revenue in 2010 and 34% in 2009. Due to our international sales and our international operations and research and development organizations, we are
subject to the risks of conducting business internationally. These risks include: 

•

 local economic and market conditions; 

•

 political and economic instability; 

•

 reliance on third parties, who may be competitors, to sell and service our products in certain applications in certain countries;

•

 reliance on employees and third parties in various geographies to complete product developments; 

•

 unexpected changes in legislative or regulatory requirements; 

•

 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 

•

 tariffs and other barriers and restrictions, including established relationships between government-controlled carriers and local equipment vendors;

•

 longer payment cycles; 

•

 difficulties in enforcing intellectual property and contract rights; 

•

 greater difficulty in accounts receivable collection; 

•

 potentially adverse taxes, including any U.S. or foreign taxes imposed on our actual or deemed repatriation of earnings of foreign subsidiaries;

•

 potentially lower margins and less certainty of support for customer relationships where foreign sales are made through local distributors; and

•

 the burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws and telecommunications standards. 

16 

Table of Contents

We also are subject to general geopolitical risks, such as political and economic instability and changes in
diplomatic and trade relationships. We maintain business operations and have sales in many international markets. Economic conditions in many of these markets represent significant risks. We cannot predict whether sales and business operations in
these markets will be adversely affected by these conditions. Instability in foreign markets, particularly in Asia, Latin America and the Middle East, could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. In
addition to the effect of international economic instability on foreign sales, domestic sales to U.S. customers with significant foreign operations could be adversely impacted by these economic conditions, which may adversely affect our business,
financial condition and operating results in the future. 

We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could
negatively impact our financial results and cash flows. 

Because we conduct a portion of our business outside the United States, we
face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve, and they could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows. Additionally,
we have exposures to emerging market currencies, which can have extreme volatility. A weakened U.S. dollar will increase the cost of local operating expenses and procurement of raw materials to the extent that we must purchase components in
foreign currencies. An increase in the value of the dollar could increase the real cost to our customers outside the United States where we sell in U.S. dollars. 

We may encounter difficulties obtaining necessary raw materials and supplies. 

Our
ability to make and service our products and meet customer demands depends on our ability to obtain timely deliveries of important raw materials and supplies within certain quality standards. The availability of these raw materials and supplies is
subject to market forces beyond our control. From time to time there may not be sufficient quantities of raw materials and supplies in the marketplace to meet the customer demand for our products. In addition, the costs to obtain these raw materials
and supplies are subject to price fluctuations. Many companies use the same raw materials and supplies to produce their products that we use to produce our products. Companies with more resources may have a competitive advantage in obtaining raw
materials and supplies due to greater buying power. Reduced supply or higher prices for raw materials and supplies may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, we currently purchase certain key
components from sole or limited-source vendors, and most of our component purchases are on a purchase-order basis without guaranteed supply arrangements. If supply is disrupted, we may be unable to find an alternative source in a timely manner, at
favorable prices or of acceptable quality. These circumstances may limit our ability to meet scheduled deliveries to customers and may increase our expenses. 

We depend on contract manufacturers and third-party service providers. 

We have
purchase agreements with contract manufacturers that require them to buy the components used to manufacture our products and authorize them to buy components in accordance with agreed-upon lead times. As customers increasingly demand shorter
delivery timeframes, the difficulty of accurately forecasting component needs creates additional risk. Failure to estimate requirements accurately can lead to monetary penalties, excess or obsolete inventory, or manufacturing disruptions. Further,
since we do not, in every instance, have a contractual relationship with suppliers to our contract manufacturers, we are subject to and dependent on the terms of the agreements between the contract manufacturer and the supplier. As a result, we
have limited ability to take legal action against suppliers if a component fails or is outside of the quality standards we set. In addition, the contract manufacturers may not allocate sufficient resources to the timely completion of our orders
in accordance with our quality standards, which may result in significant interruptions in the supply of products to our customers. Further, if supply to our contract manufacturers is disrupted, we may be unable to find an alternative source in a
timely manner, at favorable prices or of acceptable quality. These circumstances may limit our ability to meet scheduled deliveries to customers and may increase our expenses. 

We rely on a small number of contract manufacturers to perform the majority of our product manufacturing. The qualification of these manufacturers is an expensive and time-consuming process, and
these manufacturers build products for other companies, including our competitors. We constantly review their manufacturing capability to ensure they meet our production requirements in terms of cost, capacity and quality. Periodically, we may
decide to transfer the manufacturing of a product from one contract manufacturer to another to better meet our production needs. It is possible that we may not effectively manage this transition or the new contract manufacturer may not

17 

Table of Contents

perform as well as expected. As a result, we may not be able to fill orders in a timely manner, which could harm our business. These limitations and the failure to deliver products on time may
adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

We rely on the use of third-party customer service providers to
deliver and install products. We depend on such third-party agents to perform key on-site services for our customers. We cannot control the availability of such resources or the quality of the services provided by such third parties. Scarcity of
resources, price fluctuations, and quality or delivery issues may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

We may be unable to sell certain inventory, which could result in lower gross profit margins and net earnings. 

Some customer requirements include specific configurations of our products, for which we procure the related component parts. In many cases, we forecast
and purchase components in advance. If customers do not place orders, if their requirements change, or if they cancel orders, we may be unable to cost-effectively rework these components and/or return them to inventory as available-for-sale.
Write-downs and accruals for unrealizable inventory will negatively impact our gross profit margins and net earnings. 

Intellectual
property rights may not be adequate to protect our business. 

Our future success depends in part on our intellectual property,
including our proprietary technology and innovations. We have attempted to protect our intellectual property through various mechanisms such as patents, copyrights, trademarks, licensing arrangements, contractual obligations and trade
secrets. We cannot be assured; however, that the patents we obtain and other intellectual property rights that we hold will necessarily provide us with any competitive advantage. Third parties may attempt to use our intellectual property
without authorization. It is difficult to police the unauthorized use of our intellectual property, particularly in certain foreign countries, the laws of which may not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the
United States. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, which could be costly and disruptive; there is no guarantee that we will obtain a successful result, no matter how much time, money and energy we spend on
litigation. In addition, competitors and others may develop competitive technology independently without violating our proprietary rights. Any inability to secure, protect or enforce proprietary rights could result in loss of any competitive
advantage, loss of customer orders and decreased revenue. 

We are and may be subject to additional intellectual property infringement
claims that are costly and time-consuming to defend. These claims could limit our ability to use some technologies. 

As competition in
the communications equipment industry increases and the functionality of the products in this industry converges, companies in the industry increasingly become the target of infringement claims and other intellectual property disputes. Third parties
have and may in the future assert infringement claims against us or our customers or partners in connection with our products, services or other aspects of our business. From time to time we receive notices or claims based on third-party patents or
other proprietary rights, including notices or claims that may originate from competitors. Any such third parties may choose to litigate their claims, or we may pursue litigation to determine the scope and validity of any such proprietary rights. We
may be unsuccessful in any such litigation. We may be unable to secure, on commercially reasonable terms, any licenses that we seek. Third-party claims, whether with or without merit, potentially can result in: 

•

 costly litigation; 

•

 diverting management’s time, attention and resources; 

•

 delaying or halting product shipments or services delivery; 

•

 requiring us to pay damages; 

•

 requiring us to enter into royalty-bearing licensing arrangements or to obtain substitute technology of lower quality or higher cost; or

•

 otherwise imposing obligations or restrictions that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.

18 

Table of Contents

Product quality or performance problems could impact our business. 

The development and production of new products with high technology content often involves problems with components and manufacturing methods. If
significant problems in reliability, quality or network monitoring develop, including those due to hardware or software defects in product, a number of negative effects on our business could result, including: 

•

 costs to fix defects; 

•

 high service and warranty expenses; 

•

 payment of liquidated damages for performance failures; 

•

 high inventory obsolescence expense; 

•

 high levels of product returns; 

•

 delays or interruptions in product turn-up; 

•

 delays in collecting accounts receivable; 

•

 reduced orders from existing customers; and 

•

 declining interest from potential customers. 

We may be unable to identify, complete or benefit from strategic acquisitions, investments and dispositions. 

Our long-term growth strategy includes building value for the Company through a variety of methods. These methods may include acquisition of, investment in, or joint ventures in, adjacent or complementary
businesses, products, services or technologies and potential divestitures of certain portions of our business.

We cannot assure that we will
be able to identify suitable third parties for these transactions. If we are unable to identify suitable third parties for strategic transactions we may not be able to capitalize on market opportunities with existing and new customers, which could
inhibit our ability to gain market share. Even if we identify suitable third parties to participate in these transactions, we cannot assure that we will be able to make them on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. 

If we acquire a company, it may be difficult to assimilate its businesses, products, services, technologies and personnel into our operations. These
difficulties could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and workforce, increase our expenses and adversely affect our operating results and ability to compete and gain market share. Mergers and acquisitions of high-technology
companies are inherently risky and are subject to many factors outside our control. No assurance can be given that our previous or future acquisitions will be successful and will not materially adversely affect our business, operating results, or
financial condition. In addition, we may incur debt or be required to issue equity securities to pay for future acquisitions or investments. The issuance of any equity securities could be dilutive to our stockholders. We also may need to make
further investments to support the acquired company and may have difficulty identifying and acquiring appropriate resources. If we divest or otherwise exit certain portions of our business, we may be required to record additional expenses, for items
such as workforce reduction costs, closure of excess facilities and excess inventory write-offs. Furthermore, estimates with respect to the useful life and ultimate recoverability of our carrying basis of assets, including goodwill and purchased
intangible assets, could change as a result of such disposition. 

Our reported financial results could suffer if there is an impairment
of goodwill or other intangible assets. 

We are required to annually test our goodwill to determine if impairment has occurred. For
evaluation purposes, each segment with a goodwill balance is reviewed for possible goodwill impairment. Goodwill impairment is reviewed annually and when impairment indicators exist, by comparing the segment’s net book value to fair value. If
the segment’s fair value is greater than its book value and no other impairment indicators exist, further impairment tests are not deemed necessary and no impairment loss is recorded. If intangible assets are deemed to be impaired, an
impairment loss equal to the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the assets would be recognized. Events or circumstances could arise in the future that may create a need to record an impairment adjustment that could have a
material adverse affect on our financial statements. 

19 

Table of Contents

We are subject to numerous and changing industry regulations and standards. 

Our products must comply with a significant number of communications industry technological regulations and standards, which vary between U.S. and
international markets. Our products also must interoperate with third-party products. Testing to ensure compliance with technological standards and interoperability requires significant time and money. If we fail to ensure compliance with evolving
standards and regulations in a timely manner or fail to maintain interoperability with equipment from other companies, we could experience customer contract penalties, delayed or lost customer orders, decreased revenue and reduced net income that
may adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. To remain competitive, and in some cases remain compliant with customer requirements, we also must comply with industry certifications such as ISO (International
Organization for Standardization) and TL 9000, a quality management system developed for the telecommunications industry. 

We operate in
an industry subject to changing government regulations. 

The communications equipment industry is subject to government regulation in
the United States and other countries. Our business depends on the continued growth of the telecommunications industry worldwide. Federal and state agencies regulate most of our domestic customers, and foreign customers also are subject to
regulation. In particular, there may be future changes in U.S. telecommunications regulations that could slow the expansion of service providers’ network infrastructures and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial
condition. Future changes in tariffs by regulatory agencies or application of tariff requirements to currently untariffed services could adversely affect the sales of our products for certain classes of customers. Moreover, uncertainty regarding
future legislation and government policies combined with emerging competition also may affect the demand for our products. Competition could intensify as a result of future regulatory changes or new regulations in the markets where we operate and
sell our products and services, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Changes in
effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns could adversely affect our results. 

Our future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by: earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated
earnings in countries where we have higher statutory rates; by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; by expiration of or lapses in the R&D tax credit laws; by tax effects of stock-based compensation; by costs
related to intercompany restructurings; or by changes in tax laws, regulations, accounting principles, or interpretations thereof. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service
(IRS) and other tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. Although we have accrued tax and related interest for potential
adjustments to tax liabilities for prior years, there can be no assurance that the outcomes from these continuous examinations will not have a material effect, either positive or negative, on our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. 

Our failure or the failure of our contract manufacturers to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations
worldwide could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 

The manufacture, assembly and testing of our products may
require the use of hazardous materials that are subject to a broad array of environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. Our failure or the failure of our contract manufacturers to comply with any of these applicable laws or
regulations could result in: 

•

 regulatory penalties, fines and legal liabilities; 

•

 suspension of production; or 

•

 curtailment of our operations or sales. 

In addition, our failure or the failure of our contract manufacturers to properly manage the use, transportation, emission, discharge, storage, recycling or disposal of hazardous materials could subject
us to increased costs or future liabilities. Existing and future environmental laws and regulations may restrict our use of certain materials to 

20 

Table of Contents

manufacture, assemble and test products. Any of these consequences could adversely impact our business and results of operations by increasing our expenses and/or requiring us to alter our
manufacturing processes. 

If we are not able to build, sustain and utilize proper information technology infrastructure effectively, our
business could suffer. 

We depend on information technology as an enabler to improve the effectiveness of our operations and to
interface with our customers, as well as to maintain financial accuracy and efficiency. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build, sustain and utilize the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to
transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, inaccurate or incomplete data, business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breach. 

As our operations grow in both complexity and scope, we will continuously need to improve and upgrade our systems and infrastructure while maintaining
the reliability and integrity of our systems and infrastructure. The expansion of our systems and infrastructure may require us to commit substantial financial, operational and technical resources before the volume of our business increases, with no
assurance that the volume of business will increase. Any other upgrades to our systems and information technology, or new technology, now and in the future, will require that our management and resources be diverted from our core business to assist
implementation of such upgrades or new technology. There can be no assurance that the time and resources our management will need to devote to these upgrades, service outages or delays due to the installation of any new or upgraded technology (and
customer issues therewith), or the impact on the reliability of our data from any new or upgraded technology will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.