Risks Related to Our Business

Our business strategy may not succeed in the long term.

     We offer unlimited wireless broadband mobile services on a paid-in-advance basis for flat
monthly rates without requiring a long-term service contract or a credit check. This approach to
marketing wireless broadband mobile services may not prove to be successful in the long term. Some
companies that offered this type of service in the past were not successful. From time to time, we
evaluate our products, service offerings and the demands of our target customers and may, as a
result, amend, change, discontinue or adjust our products, service offerings or initiate or offer
new permanent, trial or promotional product or service offerings. These new or changed product and
service offerings may not be successful or prove to be profitable.

A failure to meet the demands of our customers, could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and operating results.

     Customer demand for our products and services could be impacted by numerous factors including
the different types of products and services offered, service content, technology, handset options,
service areas, network quality, customer perceptions, customer care levels and the prices and range
of service plans and products. Managing these factors and customers’ expectations of these factors
is essential in attracting and retaining customers. We must continually incur costs in order to
improve and enhance our products and services to remain competitive, which may include costs to
expand the capacity and coverage of our network, costs to replace or migrate to new vendors or
services, purchase additional spectrum, purchase necessary infrastructure equipment, handsets and
related accessories to meet customer needs and secure the necessary governmental approvals and
renewals for our operations. Delays or failure to purchase additional spectrum or to make these
enhancements to our products, services or network, could limit our ability to meet customer
expectations. Further, even if we continually upgrade and maintain our networks and enhance our
products and services, there can be no assurance that our existing customers will not switch to
another wireless provider. If we are unable to meet customer expectations as to these factors, we
may have difficulty attracting and retaining customers, which could impair our financial
performance and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating
results.

We may not be successful in continuing to grow our customer base.

     Our business plan assumes continued growth in our customer base. Our ability to continue the
growth of our customer base and achieve the customer penetration levels that we currently believe
are possible with our business model in our markets is subject to a number of risks, including:

•

increased competition from existing competitors or new competitors;

•

higher than anticipated churn in our markets;

•

our inability to increase our network capacity in areas we currently serve to meet
increasing customer demand and our inability due to limitations in customer service, billing
and other systems to meet customer expectations and demands;

•

our inability to continue to offer products or services which our current or prospective
customers want;

27

Table of Contents

•

our inability to launch service in new metropolitan areas;

•

our inability to attract and retain indirect agents and dealers for our products and
services;

•

our inability to increase the relevant coverage areas in our existing markets to expand our
roaming arrangements to areas that are important to us, or to allow us to offer services at
rates which are attractive to, our current and prospective customers;

•

unfavorable United States economic conditions, which may have a disproportionate negative
impact on portions of our customer base;

•

changes in the demographics of our markets; and

•

adverse changes in the legislative and regulatory environment that may limit our ability to
grow our customer base.

     If we are unable to achieve the aggregate levels of customer penetration that we currently
believe are possible with our business model, our ability to continue to increase our customer base
and revenues at the rates we currently expect may be limited and we may fail to achieve additional
economies of scale. Any failure to achieve the penetration levels we currently believe are possible
and to successfully increase our customer base may have a material adverse impact on our business,
financial condition and operating results.

Our business is seasonal and our operating results for future periods will be affected negatively
if we fail to have strong customer growth in the first and fourth quarters.

     Our business is seasonal, with our largest number of subscribers typically being added in the
first and fourth quarters. If we fail to meet our expectations for customer additions in the first
or fourth quarter, it could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and
operating results.

Failing to manage our churn rate or experiencing a higher rate of customer turnover than we have
forecasted could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.

     Our customers do not have long-term contracts and can discontinue their service at any time
without penalty. We expect our churn rate to be higher than postpay wireless carriers. If we
experience an even higher rate of churn than we expect, we could experience reduced revenues and
increased marketing costs to attract replacement customers required to sustain our business plan,
which could reduce our profit margin and could reduce the cash available to construct and operate
new markets. In addition, we may not be able to profitably replace customers who leave our service
or replace them at all. Our rate of customer churn can be affected by a number of factors,
including the following:

•

network issues, including network coverage, network reliability, dropped and blocked calls,
and network availability;

•

lack of competitive regional and nationwide roaming and the inability of our customers to
cost-effectively roam onto other wireless networks;

•

affordability and general economic conditions;

•

supplier or vendor failures;

•

customer care concerns;

•

handset issues, including lack of early access to the newest handsets, handset prices and
handset problems;

•

wireless number portability requirements that allow customers to keep their wireless phone
numbers when switching between service providers;

•

our inability to offer bundled services or new services offered by our competitors; and

28

Table of Contents

•

competitive offers by other producers.

     We cannot assure you that our strategies to address customer churn will be successful. If we
experience a rate of customer churn higher than we expect or fail to replace lost customers, our
revenues could decline and our costs could increase which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and operating results.

Our operations require continued capital expenditures and a failure to have access to capital
could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.

     Our business strategy involves expanding into and competing in major metropolitan areas, all
of which have significant established competition from other providers. To compete effectively, we
must continue to upgrade and enhance our network and services. As a result, we have invested and
expect to continue to invest a significant amount of capital in the future to construct, maintain,
upgrade and operate our network, billing, customer care and information systems, to implement our
business plans, including our fourth generation network, and to support future growth of our
wireless business.

     Historically, we have been able to fund capital expenditures and service our debt from cash
generated from our operations and various debt and equity offerings. We may require additional
capital to fund our long-term business plan, including operating losses, network expansion,
servicing of our debt and possible spectrum acquisitions. Our success and viability will depend on
our ability to maintain and increase revenues and to raise additional capital, when and if needed,
on reasonable terms. We may not be able to arrange additional financing, whether debt, equity or
otherwise, to fund our future needs on terms acceptable to us or at all. Our ability to arrange
additional financing will depend on, among other factors, our credit ratings, financial and
operating performance, general economic, financial, competitive, legislative and regulatory
conditions and prevailing capital market conditions. Many of these factors are beyond our control.
Failure to obtain suitable financing when needed could, among other things, result in our inability
to continue to expand our businesses as planned or to meet competitive challenges; forego strategic
opportunities; delay and/or reduce network deployments and capital expenditures, operations,
spectrum acquisitions and investments; and restructure or refinance our indebtedness prior to
maturity or sell additional equity or seek additional debt financing. We cannot assure you that our
business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, or that future borrowings, including
borrowings under our senior secured credit facility, will be available to us in an amount
sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our working capital and other liquidity
needs, or at all. Further, as our operations grow, it may be more difficult to adapt and modify
our business plan based on the availability of funding. If we incur significant additional
indebtedness, or if we do not continue to generate sufficient cash from our operations, our credit
ratings could be adversely affected, which would likely increase our future borrowing costs and
could affect our ability to access capital.

We face intense competition from other telecommunications providers and new entrants in the
marketplace.

     We compete directly in each of our markets with wireless, wireline, cable, satellite, Internet
and other communications providers. Many of our current and prospective competitors are, or are
affiliated with, major companies that have substantially greater financial, technical, personnel
and marketing resources than we have (including spectrum holdings, brands and intellectual
property) and a larger market share than we have, which may affect our ability to compete
successfully. These competitors often have established relationships with a larger base of current
and potential customers. These advantages may allow our competitors to offer service for lower
prices, market to broader customer segments, and offer service over larger geographic areas which
may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
Some of our competitors may have, or may in the future, take advantage of governmental programs
which may allow them to offer services for lower prices, have lower costs, or provide service in
areas which may be diseconomic for us to serve without taking advantage of such programs. If we
choose not to or are unable to participate in such governmental programs and our competitors
participate, our competitors could offer services for lower prices, have lower costs, or provide
service in areas which are diseconomic for us to serve without taking advantage of such programs,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating
results.

     Some of our competitors in the telecommunications and related industries have undertaken joint
ventures, mergers and strategic alliances that have provided them with greater access to capital,
access to wider geographic territory, access to greater spectrum, access to technical, marketing,
sales, purchasing and distribution resources and more attractive bundles of services. Recent joint
ventures, mergers and strategic alliances in the wireless industry have resulted in, and if the
trend continues, will continue to foster larger competitors over time and our operating results
could be adversely affected and our ability to grow may be hindered. Many of our competitors with
greater access

29

Table of Contents

to capital and production and distribution resources have also entered into exclusive deals
with vendors, including handset vendors. As handset selection and pricing are increasingly
important to customers, the lack of availability to us of the latest and most popular handsets as a
result of these exclusive dealings could put us at a significant competitive disadvantage and could
make it more difficult for us to attract and retain our customers. Similarly, we believe we pay
more, on average, than other national carriers for our handsets and if this continues we could be
forced to subsidize the price of our handsets which could adversely affect our financial condition
and operating results. Many of our competitors also use third party dealers to market and sell
their products and services. Competition for dealers is intense. We may have difficulty attracting
and retaining dealers and any inability to do so could have an adverse effect on our ability to
attract and retain customers which could have material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and operating results.

     Additionally, the FCC in the past has taken, and may in the future take, steps to make
additional spectrum available for wireless services in each of our metropolitan areas. Any auction
and licensing of new spectrum may result in new competitors and/or allow existing competitors to
acquire additional spectrum, which could allow them to offer services that we may not be able to
offer with the licenses we hold or to which we have access due to technological or economic
constraints. Also, the FCC has taken, and in the future may take, regulatory actions designed to
provide greater capacity and flexibility to other licensees, including our competitors. In
addition, some companies in non-telecommunications businesses, including energy companies and
utility companies are also expanding their services to offer communications and broadband services.
We cannot control most of these factors and the continuing consolidation and resulting economies of
scale and access to greater resources and additional competition could result in greater product,
service, pricing and cost disadvantages to us which could have a material adverse affect on our
business, financial condition and operating results.

We may face increasing competitive pricing and service bundling.

     The competitive pressures of the wireless telecommunications industry have caused, and may
continue to cause, other carriers to offer unlimited service plans or service plans with
increasingly large bundles of minutes of use at increasingly lower prices or fixed monthly prices.
All of our national wireless broadband mobile competitors and certain of our regional competitors
currently are offering unlimited fixed-rate service plans in the markets where we operate and plan
to operate and this may cause other wireless competitors to also offer unlimited fixed-rate service
plans. Since we primarily serve major metropolitan areas where the national wireless broadband
mobile carriers are also offering services, we may be subject to more competition than the wireless
broadband mobile industry generally and subject to greater commercial disadvantage. Further,
market prices for wireless broadband mobile services have declined over time and may continue to
decline with increased competition. Moreover, certain carriers we compete against, or may compete
against in the future, offer additional services, such as wireline phone service, cable or
satellite television, media and Internet, and are capable of bundling their wireless services with
these other services in a package of services that we may not be able to duplicate at competitive
prices. In response to all the competitive offerings in the marketplace and falling market prices,
we have added, and in the future may be required to add, additional select features to our existing
service plans in our metropolitan areas, and we may consider additional targeted promotional
activities and reduced pricing as well as subsidizing the cost of handsets or increasing payments
to our indirect dealers as we evaluate and respond to the competitive environment going forward.
As a result, we expect that increased competition may result in more competitive pricing, slower
growth, higher costs and increased churn of our customer base, as well as the possibility of having
to change our service plans, increase our handset subsidies, and increase our dealer payments in
response to competition, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating
results.

The wireless industry is experiencing rapid technological change.

     The wireless telecommunications industry has been, and we believe will continue to be,
characterized by significant technological change, including the rapid development and introduction
of new technologies, products, and services, such as voice-over Internet protocol, or VoIP,
push-to-talk services, location based services, such as global positioning satellite, or GPS,
mapping technology, social networking services, and high speed data services, including streaming
audio, streaming video, mobile gaming, advertisement paid services, video conferencing and other
applications. These technological advances, evolving industry standards, ongoing improvements in
the capacity and the quality of digital technology, such as the implementation and development of
third generation, or 3G technology, wideband technologies such as WiFi or WiMax which do not rely
on FCC-licensed spectrum, or the development of fourth generation, or 4G technology, such as long
term evolution, or LTE, and the development of data and broadband capabilities, could cause the
technology used by us on our wireless broadband mobile network to become less competitive or
obsolete. Additionally, VoIP is an emerging technological trend that could result in a

30

Table of Contents

decrease in demand for switched telephone services, such as those we currently provide. The
resulting technological development of WiFi or WiMax enabled handsets permitting customers to
communicate using voice and data services with their handset using this VoIP technology in any area
equipped with a wireless Internet connection, or hot spot, would potentially allow more carriers to
offer larger bundles of minutes while retaining low prices and the ability to offer attractive
roaming rates. The number of hot spots in the U.S. is growing rapidly, with some major cities and
urban areas approaching universal coverage. Further, the development of new equipment, such as
femtocells, could allow our competitors to offer increased usage without increased cost thus
reducing our cost advantage.

     Thus, our continued success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate or adapt to
these and future technological changes and to offer, on a timely basis, services that meet customer
demands. For us to keep pace with these technological changes and remain competitive, we must
continue to make significant capital expenditures to our networks and/or acquire additional
spectrum. Customer acceptance of the services that we offer will continually be affected by
technology-based differences in our product and service offerings and those offered by our
competitors. We cannot assure you that we will obtain access to new technology, such as LTE, on a
timely basis, on satisfactory terms, or that we will have adequate spectrum, or be able to acquire
additional spectrum, to offer new services or implement new technologies. If we do not offer these
services, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining customers. Further, we cannot predict the
effect of technological changes on our business. We also cannot be certain that the choices we make
regarding technology and new service offerings will prove to be successful in the market place or
will achieve their intended results. All of these factors could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and operating results.

We are dependent on certain network technology improvements which may not occur, or may be
materially delayed.

     Most national wireless broadband mobile carriers have greater spectrum capacity than we do
that can be used to support 3G and 4G services. These national wireless broadband mobile carriers
are currently investing substantial capital to deploy the necessary equipment to deliver 3G
enhanced services and have invested in additional spectrum to deliver 4G services. Two of our
national wireless broadband mobile competitors acquired a significant portion of the 700 MHz
spectrum recently auctioned by the FCC. This 700 MHz spectrum is considered by some industry
experts to be particularly desirable due to its propagation characteristics. The national wireless
broadband mobile carriers in many instances on average have more spectrum in each of the
metropolitan areas in which we operate, or plan to operate, than we or Royal Street do. Our
limited spectrum may require us to secure more cell sites to provide equivalent service (including
data services based on EV-DO or LTE technology), spend greater capital compared to our competitors,
deploy more expensive network equipment, such as six-sector antennas, EV-DO Revision A with VoIP or
LTE, deploy equipment sooner than our competitors, require us to use DAS systems or make us more
dependent on improvements in handsets, such as EVRC-B or 4G capable handsets. There can be no
assurance that the additional technology improvements will be developed by our existing
infrastructure provider, such improvements will be delivered when needed at cost-effective prices,
that such technology improvements will deliver our projected network efficiency improvements, or
that we can secure adequate tower sites or additional spectrum or have access to DAS systems.

     If projected or anticipated technology improvements are not achieved, or are not achieved in
the timeframes in which we need such improvements, or at the costs we anticipate or can afford, or
are not developed by our existing suppliers, we may not have adequate spectrum in certain
metropolitan areas, which may limit our ability to increase our customer base, may inhibit our
ability to achieve additional economies of scale, may limit our ability to offer new services
offered by our competitors, may require us to spend considerably more capital and incur more
operating expenses than our competitors with more spectrum, and may force us to purchase additional
spectrum at a potentially material cost. If our network infrastructure vendor does not supply such
improvements, or materially delays the delivery of such improvements, and other network equipment
manufacturers are able to develop such technology, we may be at a material competitive disadvantage
to our competitors and we may be required to change network infrastructure vendors, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.

31

Table of Contents

We may be unable to acquire additional spectrum in the future at a reasonable cost.

     Because we offer unlimited calling services for a fixed rate, our customers tend, on average,
to use our services more than the customers of other wireless broadband mobile carriers. We believe
that the average minutes of use of our customers may continue to rise. We intend to meet this
demand by utilizing spectrum-efficient state-of-the-art technologies, such as six-sector cell site
technology, EV-DO Revision A with VoIP, LTE, EVRC-B or 4G handsets and intelligent antennas.
Nevertheless, in the future we may need to acquire additional spectrum in order to maintain our
quality of service, to meet increasing customer demands or to allow the deployment of these
technologies. However, we cannot assure you that additional spectrum will be made available by the
FCC on a timely basis on terms and conditions or under service rules that we consider to be
suitable for our commercial uses or that we will be able to acquire additional spectrum at a
reasonable cost. In addition, the FCC may impose conditions on the use of new wireless broadband
mobile spectrum, such as heightened build-out requirements or open access requirements that may
make it less attractive to, or less economical for, us. If additional spectrum is unavailable on
reasonable terms and conditions when needed, unavailable at a reasonable cost, or unavailable
without conditions that impose significant costs on us, we may not be able to continue to increase
our customer base, meet the requirements of our customers’ usage of our services or to offer new
services and as a result we could lose customers or revenues, which could materially adversely
affect our business, financial condition, or operating results.

We may be unable to successfully develop and incorporate additional wireless data services into
our service offerings in the future.

     Wireless broadband mobile data services are increasingly becoming a meaningful component of
many wireless broadband mobile carriers’ strategies and financial results. The national wireless
broadband mobile carriers have invested (and we expect will continue to invest) significant
resources to develop and deliver these on new data services to their customers. As market prices
for wireless voice services continue to decline, if we are unable to offer such new data services
we may not have additional revenue to offset the decline in wireless voice revenues. Similarly, as
customers increasingly demand wireless broadband mobile data services as part of the core feature
set of their wireless services, the failure to offer such services could reduce sales and increase
churn. Currently, we offer limited wireless data offerings which are not as robust as those offered
by some of our competitors and may never be. In addition, we have not and may not gain access to
certain of the proprietary data content available to national wireless broadband mobile operators.
If we are unable in the future to successfully incorporate the most advanced wireless data
services, including certain 3G and 4G technologies, into our service offerings or gain access to
popular content, our customer additions and ARPU could decrease and our churn could increase. In
addition, there can be no assurance that we can provide wireless broadband mobile data services on
a profitable basis or that vendors will develop and make available to companies of our size popular
applications and handsets with features, functionality and pricing desired by customers.
Furthermore, we rely on third parties to provide us access to most data, music and video services
and access to new handsets to deliver these advanced services. If we are unable to obtain access to
such services, incorporate such services into our service offerings, or purchase handsets at a
reasonable cost and on a timely basis in the future, it could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and operating results.

We may undertake mergers, acquisitions or strategic transactions that could result in operating
difficulties, dilution and distraction from our business.

     Historically we have expanded our markets through the purchase of spectrum. In the future, we
may expand the markets in which we operate through the acquisition of selected spectrum or
operating markets from other telecommunication service providers, the acquisition of additional
spectrum from FCC auctions, and the acquisition of other telecommunication service providers;
through direct investments; or through strategic transactions. Any such transactions can be very
risky, may require a disproportionate amount of our management and financial resources, may divert
management’s attention, and may create various operating difficulties and expenditures, among which
may include:

•

uncertain revenues and expenses, with the result that we may not realize the growth in
revenues, anticipated cost structure, profitability, or return on investment that we expect;

•

difficulty integrating the acquired technologies, services, spectrum, products, operations
and personnel of the acquired businesses while maintaining uniform standards, controls,
policies and procedures;

•

disruption of ongoing business;

32

Table of Contents

•

impact on our cash and available credit lines for use in financing future growth and
working capital needs;

•

obligations imposed on us by counterparties in such transactions that limit our ability to
obtain additional financing, our ability to compete in geographic areas or specific lines of
business, or other aspects of our operational flexibility;

•

increasing cost and complexity of assuring the implementation and maintenance of adequate
internal control and disclosure controls and procedures, and of obtaining the reports and
attestations required under the Exchange Act;

•

inability to attract and retain key personnel;

•

impairment of relationships with employees, customers or vendors;

•

difficulties in consolidating and preparing our financial statements due to poor accounting
records, weak financial controls and, in some cases, procedures at acquired entities not
based on U.S. GAAP particularly those entities in which we lack control; and

•

inability to predict or anticipate market developments and capital commitments relating to
the acquired company, business or technology.

     The anticipated benefit to us of any strategic transaction, acquisition or merger may never
materialize. Future investments, acquisitions or dispositions, or similar arrangements could result
in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or
amortization expenses, or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could have an adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and operating results. Any such transactions may require us to obtain
additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all.

Business, political, regulatory and economic factors may significantly affect our operations, the
manner in which we conduct our business and slow our rate of growth.

     The United States economy has deteriorated significantly and may be depressed for the
foreseeable future. Our business could be affected by the economic conditions as well as consumer
spending in the areas in which we operate. These factors are outside of our control. As economic
conditions deteriorate, our services may be disproportionately and adversely affected due to the
generally lower per capita income of our customer base (versus the national facility-based wireless
broadband mobile carriers) that may be disproportionately affected by any disruption in the United
States economy, including an economic downturn or recession. In addition, a number of our customers
work in industries which may be disproportionately affected by an economic slowdown or recession.
More generally, adverse changes in the economy are likely to negatively affect our customers’
ability to pay for existing services and to decrease their interest in purchasing new services. The
resulting impact of such economic conditions on consumer spending could have a material adverse
effect on demand for our services and on our business, financial condition and operating results.

     Additionally, due to changes in the political climate as a result of the outcome of recent
state elections and the Presidential election in the United States, we cannot predict with any
certainty the nature and extent of the changes in federal, state and local laws, regulations and
policy we will face, or the effect of such elections on any pending legislation, such as the
immigration laws and policy. Any increased regulation, new policy initiatives, increased taxes or
any other changes in federal law may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and operating results.

Recent disruptions in the financial markets could adversely affect our ability to obtain debt or
equity on reasonable terms or at all.

     The wireless industry is a capital intensive business. To date, we have used internally
generated funds and the funds from the sale of debt and equity to finance our growth and build out
of our existing and planned metropolitan areas. If our current cash and excess internally
generated cash flows are insufficient to fund our business plan, improve and expand our network
infrastructure and services, participate in new opportunities, engage in acquisitions of additional
spectrum or businesses or participate in future FCC auctions, or service our debt, we may be forced
to

33

Table of Contents

sell additional equity, seek additional debt financing, borrow additional amounts under our
existing senior secured credit facility, refinance our existing indebtedness, or delay certain of
our planned expansion or other initiatives, additions of capacity, and technological advances.
Additionally, our senior secured credit facility includes a revolving line of credit that is to be
funded by a number of commercial and investment banks. The deteriorating worldwide economic
conditions, the banking crisis, and tightening capital markets may affect whether our lenders are
able to honor their commitments to fund our revolving line of credit should we need to draw on such
line of credit to pursue new opportunities, engage in acquisitions, or purchase additional
spectrum. Should we need to access the market for additional funds the competitiveness of the
wireless telecommunications industry, the volatility and demand of the capital markets, and the
continued uncertainty in the credit and capital markets may make it more difficult and costly for
us to raise capital through the issuance of any equity securities or incur any additional debt or
refinance existing debt on terms acceptable to us or at all and there can be no assurance that
sufficient funds will be available to us under our existing indebtedness or otherwise. Further,
should we need to raise additional capital, the foreign ownership restrictions mandated by the FCC,
and applicable to us, could limit our ability to attract additional equity financing outside the
United States. If we were able to obtain funds, it may not be on terms and conditions acceptable
to us, which could limit or preclude our ability to pursue new opportunities, engage in
acquisitions, or purchase additional spectrum, thus limiting our ability to expand our business
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating
results.

We are exposed to counterparty risk in our senior secured credit facility and related interest
rate protection agreements.

     We have entered into interest rate protection agreements to manage the Company’s interest rate
risk exposure by fixing a portion of the interest expense we pay on our long-term debt under our
senior secured credit facility. There is considerable turmoil in the world economy and banking
markets which could affect whether the counterparties to such interest rate protection agreements
are able to honor their agreements. If the counterparties fail to honor their commitments, we
could experience higher interest rates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating
results. In addition, if the counterparties fail to honor their commitments, we also may be
required to replace such interest rate protection agreements with new interest rate protection
agreements in an amount equal to that portion of our long-term debt under our senior secured credit
facility and indentures governing our senior notes, which is not fixed and which is less than 50%
of our total long-term debt under our senior secured credit facility and indentures governing our
senior notes, and such replacement interest rate protection agreements may be at higher rates than
our current interest rate protection agreements. Further, if we are unable to enter into new
interest rate protection agreements, the lenders may claim we are in default under the terms of our
senior secured credit facility, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and operating results.

The investment of our substantial cash balances are subject to risk.

     We can and have historically invested our substantial cash balances in, among other things,
securities issued and fully guaranteed by the United States or any state, highly rated commercial
paper and auction rate securities, money market funds meeting certain criteria, and demand
deposits. These investments are subject to credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risk. Such
risks may result in a loss of liquidity, substantial impairment to our investments, realization of
substantial future losses, or a complete loss of the investment in the long-term which may have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and liquidity.

We currently are migrating our billing services to a new vendor.

     We recently entered into an agreement with a new billing services provider, Amdocs Software
Systems Limited and Amdocs, Inc., or Amdocs, under which, subject to certain exclusions, Amdocs
will be our exclusive supplier of billing services in North America. Amdocs is in the
process of implementing the new billing services and migrating our customers from our existing
billing platform to the Amdocs platform. If Amdocs does not perform its obligations under the
agreement, ceases to continue to develop, or substantially delays development of, new features or
billing services or ceases to support its existing billing systems, we may be unable to secure
alternative billing services from another provider or providers in a timely manner, for a
reasonable cost or otherwise, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and operating results. Our prior billing services vendor, Verisign, also has sold its
billing services business to another third party billing services vendor and we have amended our
contract with this new third party billing services vendor to include certain transition services.
If this third party billing services vendor fails to continue to provide the services that Verisign
previously provided prior to our transition to Amdocs, if the third party billing services vendor
fails to provide the agreed upon transition services, or if we are unable to transition our billing
services to Amdocs in a timely manner, we may not be able to bill our customers, provide customer
care, grow our business, report financial results, or manage our business and we may have increased
churn, all of which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and operating results.

34

Table of Contents

We and our suppliers may be subject to claims of infringement.

     The technologies used in the telecommunications industry are protected by a wide array of
patents and other intellectual property rights. As a result, third parties may assert infringement
claims against us or our suppliers from time to time based on our or their general business
operations, the equipment, software or services we or they use or provide, or the specific
operation of our wireless networks or service. Our suppliers may be subject to infringement claims
that if proven could preclude the supplier from supplying us with the products and services we
require to run our business or offer our services, require the supplier to change the products and
services they provide to us in a way which could have a material adverse effect on us, or cause the
supplier to increase the charges for their products and services to us. We cannot guarantee that
we will be fully protected against all losses associated with an infringement claim involving our
manufacturers, licensors and suppliers who provide us with the equipment, software and technology
that we use in our business. In addition, our suppliers may be unable to pay any damages or honor
their indemnification obligations to us, which may result in us having to bear such losses. We may
also have to buy equipment and services from other third party suppliers or pay royalties to the
holders of intellectual property rights.

     Moreover, we may be subject to claims that products, software and services provided by
different vendors which we combine with products or with services provided by other vendors or with
our own services in order to offer services to our customers are infringing on the rights of
others, and we may not have any indemnification protection from our vendors for these claims.
Further, we have been, and in the future may be, subject to claims that certain business processes
we use, services we provide, or products we create may infringe on the rights of third parties, and
we may have no indemnification rights from any of our vendors or suppliers. Whether or not an
infringement claim is valid or successful, it could adversely affect our business by diverting
management’s attention, involving us in costly and time-consuming litigation, requiring us to enter
into royalty or licensing agreements (which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all),
requiring us to pay royalties for prior periods, requiring us or our suppliers to redesign our or
their business operation, processes, systems, services or products to avoid claims of infringement,
or requiring us to purchase products and services from different vendors or not sell certain
products or services. If a claim is found to be valid or if we or our suppliers cannot successfully
negotiate a required royalty or license agreement, we could be forced to pay substantial damages,
including potentially treble damages, we could be subject to an injunction that could disrupt our
business, prevent us from offering some or all of our products or services and cause us to incur
losses of customers or revenues, any or all of which could be material and could adversely affect
our business, financial condition and operating results.

Substantially all of our network infrastructure equipment is manufactured or provided by a single
infrastructure vendor.

     Substantially all of our PCS and AWS network infrastructure equipment is manufactured or
provided by Alcatel Lucent, formerly known as Lucent Technologies, Inc. We have entered into an
agreement with Alcatel Lucent to provide us with PCS and AWS CDMA system products and services,
including without limitation, wireless base stations, switches, power, cable and transmission
equipment and services The agreement does not cover any other non-AWS or non-PCS spectrum we may
acquire in the future, including our spectrum in the 700 MHz band or other technologies, such as
LTE. A substantial portion of the equipment manufactured or provided by Alcatel Lucent is
proprietary, which means that equipment and software from other manufacturers may not work with
Alcatel Lucent’s equipment and software, or may require the expenditure of additional capital,
which may be material. The communications equipment market has been subject to recent economic
turmoil. If Alcatel Lucent ceases to develop, or substantially delays development of, new products
or ceases to support existing equipment and software, or experiences problems which prevent Alcatel
Lucent from performing its obligations under the agreement, we may be required to spend significant
amounts of money to replace such equipment and software, may not be able to offer new products or
services, and may not be able to compete effectively in our markets. If we fail to continue
purchasing our PCS and AWS CDMA products exclusively from Alcatel Lucent, we may have to pay
certain liquidated damages based on the difference in prices between exclusive and non-exclusive
prices, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
operating results.

35

Table of Contents

We rely on third-parties to provide products, software and services that are integral to our
business.

     Sophisticated financial, management, information network management and billing systems are
vital to our business. We currently rely on internal systems and third-party vendors to develop and
to provide all of these systems. We have entered into agreements with third-party suppliers to
provide products, software and services that are integral to our business, such as customer care,
financial reporting, network management, billing and payment processing. We purchase a substantial
portion of the products, software and services from only a few major suppliers and we generally
rely on one key vendor in each area. Some of these agreements may be terminated upon relatively
short notice. In addition, our plans for developing and implementing our financial information and
billing systems rely to some extent on the design, development and delivery of products, software
and services by third-party vendors. Our right to use these systems is dependent on agreements with
third-party vendors and these systems may not perform as anticipated. Our base stations are
installed on leased cell site facilities or on leased DAS nodes in connection with DAS systems. A
significant portion of these cell sites and all DAS systems are leased from a small number of cell
site and DAS system providers generally under master agreements.

     If our suppliers terminate their agreements with us, experience interruptions or other
problems delivering products, software or services to us on a timely basis or at all, it may cause
us to have difficulty providing services to or billing our customers, developing, delivering, and
deploying new products and services and/or upgrading, maintaining, improving our networks, or
generating accurate or timely financial reports and information. If alternative suppliers and
vendors become necessary, we may not be able to obtain satisfactory and timely replacement services
on economically attractive terms, or at all. The loss, termination or expiration of these
agreements or our inability to renew them at all or on favorable terms or negotiate agreements with
other providers at comparable rates could harm our business. Our reliance on others to provide
essential products, software, and services on our behalf also gives us less control over the
efficiency, timeliness and quality of these products, software and services. If our master
agreement with one of our cell site or DAS providers were to terminate, or if the cell site or DAS
system providers were to experience severe financial difficulties or file for bankruptcy, or if one
of these cell site or DAS system providers were unable to support our use of its cell sites or DAS
systems, we would have to find new sites or rebuild the affected portion of our network. In
addition, the concentration of our cell site leases and DAS systems with a limited number of cell
site and DAS system providers could adversely affect our business, financial condition and
operating results if we are unable to renew our expiring leases or DAS system agreements with these
companies either on terms comparable to those we have today or at all. In addition, the tower
industry has continued to consolidate. If any of the companies from which we lease towers or DAS
systems were to consolidate with other cell site or DAS systems companies, they may be unable to
honor obligations to us or have the ability to raise prices which could materially affect our
profitability. If a material number of cell sites or DAS systems were no longer available for our
use, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating
results.

     Additionally, our business model utilizes and relies upon indirect distribution outlets
including a range of local, regional and national mass market dealers and retailers allowing us to
reach the largest number of potential customers in our metropolitan areas at a relatively low cost.
Many of our dealers own and operate more than one location and may operate in more than one of our
metropolitan areas. Because these third party dealers are the primary contact between us and our
customers in many instances, including in connection with accepting payment for our services on our
behalf, they play an important role in our ability to grow our business and in customer retention.
With the recent deterioration of the United States economy and the credit markets, which may
continue for the foreseeable future, some of our dealers and vendors may be unable to continue
their operations or secure funds for their continued operations. Further, due to the present
economic conditions, we may be unable to find participants in our local markets that would qualify
or be able to open a dealer location to replace closed operations. Since we rely on such third
parties to provide some of our services, any bankruptcy, termination, switch or disruption in
service by such third parties or diminution in the number of such third parties could be costly and
affect operating efficiencies and our ability to attract and retain customers which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.

We utilize a limited number of DAS providers.

     We currently use, and plan to continue to use, DAS systems in lieu of traditional cell sites
to provide service to certain critical portions of new metropolitan areas in which we plan to build
and in supplementing or adding capacity to existing systems. The use of DAS systems will result in
an acceleration of capital expenditures compared to our traditional metropolitan builds without DAS
systems. In order to construct DAS systems, the DAS provider will be required to obtain necessary
authority from the relevant state and local regulatory authorities and to secure certain
agreements, such as right of way agreements, in order to construct or operate the DAS systems. In
addition, the DAS system provider may be required to construct a transport network as part of their
construction of the DAS systems. These DAS systems may be leased and/or licensed from third party
suppliers. We utilize a

36

Table of Contents

limited number of DAS system providers. Some of the DAS system providers we are using have
not previously constructed or been authorized to construct DAS systems in certain of our new
metropolitan areas so there may be unforeseen obstacles and delays in constructing the DAS systems
in those metropolitan areas. In addition, the authorization of the DAS provider to construct DAS
systems may be subject to challenge and injunctive relief, resulting in delay and material costs in
providing alternative coverage in the affected metropolitan areas. In addition, DAS systems also
pose particular compliance challenges with regard to any backup power requirements that may be
adopted by the FCC, which, if adopted could have a material adverse effect on our ability to comply
with applicable laws, could require us to spend significant amounts of additional capital, and
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.

We may be unable to obtain the roaming and other services we need from other carriers at rates
that allow us to remain competitive or at all.

     Many of our competitors have more extensive regional or national networks which enable them to
offer automatic roaming and long distance telephone services to their subscribers at a lower cost
than we can offer and allow them to offer unlimited fixed-rate local, regional, and nationwide
roaming plans on their existing networks over a larger area than we can offer. We do not have as
extensive a network as the national wireless broadband mobile carriers, and we must pay fees to
other carriers who provide roaming services and who carry long distance calls made by our
subscribers. We currently have roaming agreements with several other carriers which allow our
customers to roam on those carriers’ network. The roaming agreements, however, do not cover all
geographic areas where our customers may seek service when they travel, they generally cover voice
but not data services, and some of these agreements may be terminated on relatively short notice.
As the wireless industry has consolidated, and may continue to consolidate in the future, we may
have increased difficulty entering into new roaming agreements with other technically compatible
carriers or replacing our existing roaming agreements. In addition, we believe the rates we are
charged by certain carriers in some instances are higher than the rates they charge to other
roaming partners. Further, many of the wireless carriers against whom we compete have service area
footprints substantially larger than our footprint.

     Our ability to replicate these roaming service offerings at rates which will make us, or allow
us to be, competitive is uncertain at this time. The FCC recently clarified that CMRS providers
must offer automatic roaming services on just, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms, but found
that a CMRS provider is not required to offer roaming services in any geographic area for which a
requesting carrier holds a license or other spectrum usage rights, even if the requesting carrier
has not yet built its system. The FCC also has not extended full roaming rights to roaming
services that are classified as information services (such as high speed wireless Internet access
services), or for roaming services that are not classified as CMRS (such as non-interconnected
services). If we are unable to enter into or maintain roaming agreements for roaming services that
our customers want at reasonable rates, including in areas where we have licenses or lease spectrum
but have not constructed facilities, we may be unable to compete effectively and attract and retain
customers, and we may lose revenues. We also may be unable to continue to receive roaming services
in areas in which we hold licenses or lease spectrum after the expiration or termination of our
existing roaming agreements. We also may be obligated to allow customers of other technically
compatible carriers to roam automatically on our systems, which may enhance their ability to
compete with us. If these risks occur, it may have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and operating results.

We may incur higher than anticipated intercarrier compensation costs.

     When our customers use our service to call customers of other carriers, in certain
circumstances we are required to pay the carrier that serves the called party, and any intermediary
or transit carrier, for the use of their networks. An ongoing FCC rulemaking proceeding is
examining whether a unified intercarrier compensation regime should be established for all traffic
exchanged between all carriers, including CMRS carriers such as us. New intercarrier compensation
rules, if adopted, may result in increases in the charges we are required to pay other carriers for
terminating calls on their networks, increase the costs of or difficulty in negotiating new
agreements with carriers, and decrease the amount of revenue we receive for terminating calls from
other carriers on our network. Any such changes may have a materially adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and operating results.

     Some carriers who terminate calls originated by our customers have sought, and others may
seek, to impose termination charges on us that we consider to be unreasonably high and have
threatened to pursue, or have initiated or may initiate, claims against us to recover these
charges. The outcome of these claims is uncertain. A determination that we are liable for
additional terminating compensation payments could subject us to additional claims by other
carriers. Further, legal and business considerations may inhibit our ability or willingness to
block

37

Table of Contents

traffic to telecommunication carriers who demand unreasonable payments. In addition, certain
transit carriers have taken the position that they can charge “market” rates for transit services,
which rates may in some instances be significantly higher than our current rates or the rates we
are willing to pay. We may be obligated to pay these higher rates and/or purchase services from
others or engage in direct connection, which may result in higher costs which could materially
affect our business, financial condition, and operating results.

A significant portion of our revenue is derived from geographic areas susceptible to natural and
other disasters.

     Our markets in California, Texas and Florida represent a substantial portion of our business.
These same states, however, have a history of natural disasters which may adversely affect our
operations in those states. In addition, the major metropolitan areas in which we operate, or plan
to operate, could be the target of terrorist attacks. These events may cause our networks to cease
operating for a substantial period of time while we reconstruct them and our competitors may be
less affected by such natural disasters or terrorist attacks. We cannot provide any assurance that
the business interruption insurance we have will cover all losses we may experience as a result of
a natural disaster or terrorist attack, that the insurance carrier will be solvent or that the
insurance carrier will pay all claims made by us. If our networks cease operating for any
substantial period of time and any business interruption insurance we have does not pay, we may
lose revenue and customers, and may have difficulty attracting new customers in the future, which
could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.

Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified management and other personnel.

     Our business is managed by a small number of key executive officers, including our chief
executive officer, Roger Linquist. None of our managing key executives has an employment contract,
so any such executive officers may leave at any time subject to forfeiture of any unpaid
performance awards and any unvested options. We believe that our future success depends in
substantial part on our continued ability to attract and retain highly knowledgeable, qualified
executive, technical and management personnel. We believe that competition for highly qualified
management, technical and sales personnel is intense, and there can be no assurance that we will
retain our key management, technical and sales employees, that we will be successful in attracting,
assimilating or retaining other highly qualified management, technical and sales personnel in the
future sufficient to support our continued growth, or that we will be successful in replacing any
of our key management, technical and sales personnel that may retire or cease to be employed by us.
We have experienced occasional difficulties in recruiting qualified personnel and there can be no
assurance that we will not experience such difficulties in the future. The departure or retirement
of, or our inability to attract or retain, highly qualified executive, technical and management
personnel, including the chief executive officer, could materially and adversely affect our
business, financial condition and operating results.

Recent political changes could have an adverse effect on our relationship with our workforce.

     None of our employees is covered by a collective bargaining agreement or represented by an
employee union. With the recent changes in the party affiliation of the President of the United
States and the changes in composition of Federal and state legislatures, legislation may be enacted
which could impose additional requirements on us or make it easier for union organizing activities.
If our employees become represented by an employee union, it may make it more difficult for us to
manage our business and to attract and retain new employees and may increase our cost of doing
business. Having our employees become represented by an employee union or having additional
requirements related to our employees imposed on us could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and operating results.

We are subject to numerous surcharges and fees from federal, state and local governments, and the
applicability and the amount of these fees is subject to great uncertainty.

     Telecommunications providers pay a variety of surcharges and fees on their gross revenues from
interstate and intrastate services, including federal Universal Service Fund, or USF, fees and
common carrier regulatory fees. The division of our services between interstate services and
intrastate services, including the divisions associated with the federal USF fees, is a matter of
interpretation and may in the future be contested by the FCC or state authorities. The FCC also may
change in the future the basis on which federal USF fees are charged. The Federal government and
many states also apply transaction-based taxes to sales of our products and services and to our
purchases of telecommunications services from various carriers. In addition, state regulators and
local governments have imposed and may continue to impose various surcharges, taxes and fees on our
services. The applicability of these surcharges and fees to our services is uncertain in many cases
and jurisdictions may contest whether we have

38

Table of Contents

assessed and remitted those monies correctly. Periodically state and federal regulators may
increase or change the surcharges and fees we currently pay. In some instances we pass through
these charges to our customers. However, Congress, the FCC, state regulatory agencies or state
legislatures may limit our ability to pass through to our customers’ transaction based tax
liabilities, regulatory surcharges and regulatory fees imposed on us. We may or may not be able to
recover some or all of those taxes from our customers and the amount of taxes may deter demand for
our services or increase our cost to provide service which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition or operating results.

Concerns about whether wireless telephones pose health and safety risks may lead to the adoption
of new regulations or lawsuits which could decrease demand for our services.

     Media reports and some studies have suggested that radio frequency emissions from wireless
handsets may be linked to various health concerns, including cancer, or interfere with various
electronic medical devices, including hearing aids and pacemakers. Additional studies have been
undertaken to determine whether the suggestions from those reports and studies are accurate. In
addition, lawsuits have been filed against various participants in the wireless industry alleging
various adverse health consequences as a result of wireless phone usage. While many of these
lawsuits have been dismissed on various grounds, including a lack of scientific evidence linking
wireless handsets with such adverse health consequences, future lawsuits could be filed based on
new evidence or in different jurisdictions. If any such suits do succeed, or if plaintiffs are
successful in negotiating settlements, it is likely additional suits would follow. In addition to
health concerns, safety concerns have been raised with respect to the use of wireless handsets
while driving. Certain states and municipalities in which we provide service or plan to provide
service have passed laws prohibiting the use of wireless phones while driving, or requiring the use
of wireless headsets, and other states and municipalities may do so in the future.

     If consumers’ health concerns over radio frequency emissions increase, consumers may be
discouraged from using wireless handsets or services, regulators may impose restrictions or
increased requirements on the location and operation of cell sites, the use or design of wireless
telephones may restrict the use of wireless handsets while driving, or may require that all
wireless telephones include an earpiece that would enable the use of wireless telephones without
holding them against the user’s head. Such legislation or regulation could increase the cost of our
wireless handsets, reduce demand for our products and services, and increase other operating
expenses, or could expose wireless providers to further litigation, which, even if not successful,
may be costly to defend and could divert management’s attention from our business. In addition,
compliance with such new requirements, and the associated costs, could adversely affect our
business. The actual or perceived risk of radio frequency emissions could adversely affect us
through a reduction in customers or a reduction in the availability of financing in the future. If
any of these risks occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and operating results.

System failures, security breaches and the unauthorized use of or interference with our network
could cause delays or interruptions of service, increase our cost of operations, and result in
harm to our business reputation which could cause us to lose customers.

     To be successful, we must provide our customers reliable, trustworthy service. We rely upon
our networks and the networks of other providers to support all of our services. Some of the risks
to our networks and infrastructure which may prevent us from providing reliable service include:

•

physical damage to outside plant facilities;

•

power surges or outages;

•

equipment failure;

•

vendor or supplier failures or delays;

•

software defects;

•

viruses and other attacks by hackers;

•

unauthorized use of our or our provider’s networks;

39

Table of Contents

•

human error;

•

disruptions beyond our control, including disruptions caused by terrorist activities,
theft, or natural disasters; and

•

failures in operational support systems.

     Network disruptions may cause interruptions in service or reduced capacity for customers,
either of which could cause us to lose customers and incur expenses. Further, our administrative
and capital costs associated with detecting, monitoring and reducing the incidence of fraud, or the
costs to replace or repair the network, may be substantial, thus causing our costs to provide
service to increase. Fraudulent use of our network may also impact interconnection and long
distance costs, capacity costs, administrative costs, fraud prevention costs and payments to other
carriers for fraudulent roaming. Such increased costs could have a material adverse impact on our
financial results and impair our service resulting in higher churn as our competitors systems may
not experience similar problems.

     Additionally, our physical facilities and information systems may be vulnerable to physical
break-ins, computer viruses, theft, attacks by hackers, or similar disruptive problems. If hackers
gain improper access to our databases, they may be able to steal, publish, delete, misappropriate
or modify confidential personal information concerning our subscribers. In addition, misuse of our
customer information could result in harm to our customers and legal actions against us and to
additional harm perpetrated by third-parties who are given access to the consumer data. This could
damage our reputation which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and operating results.

Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters

Our ability to provide service to our customers and generate revenues could be harmed by adverse
regulatory action.

     Our FCC licenses are major assets that we use to provide our services. Our FCC licenses are
subject to revocation and we may be subject to fines, forfeitures, penalties or other sanctions,
including the imposition of mandatory reporting requirements, license conditions, the imposition of
corporate monitors, and limitations on our ability to participate in future FCC auctions, if the
FCC were to find that we are not in compliance with its rules or the requirements of the
Communications Act. We must renew our FCC licenses periodically. Renewal applications are subject
to FCC review and public comment to ensure that licensees meet their licensing requirements and
comply with other applicable FCC requirements, rules and regulations. If we fail to file for
renewal of any particular license at the appropriate time, or fail to meet any regulatory
requirements for renewal, including construction and substantial service requirements, we could be
denied a license renewal. In addition, many of our licenses are subject to interim or final
construction requirements and there is no guarantee that the FCC will find our construction, or the
construction of prior licensees, sufficient to meet the applicable construction requirement. If
the FCC finds that our construction, or the construction of prior licensees, is insufficient, the
FCC could terminate our license. For all PCS, AWS and 700 MHz licenses, the FCC also requires that
a licensee provide substantial service in order to receive a renewal expectancy. There is no
guarantee that the FCC will find the completed system construction sufficient to meet the build out
or renewal requirement. Additionally, while incumbent licensees enjoy a certain renewal expectancy
if they provide substantial service, the substantial service standard is not well articulated and
there is no guarantee that the FCC will conclude that we are providing substantial service, that we
are entitled to a renewal expectancy, or will renew all or any of our licenses, without the
imposition of adverse conditions. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable license
conditions or regulatory requirements could result in revocation or termination of our licenses, in
the loss of rights to serve unbuilt areas and/or fines and forfeitures. The FCC may also impose
additional regulatory requirements or conditions on our licenses or our business. Such additional
regulatory requirements or conditions could increase the cost of doing business, could cause
disruption to existing networks, and could require us to make substantial investments. Any loss or
impairment of any of these licenses, failure to renew, fines and forfeitures, or the imposition of
conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating
results.

40

Table of Contents

We may be unable to obtain necessary governmental authorizations and permits on reasonable terms
and conditions.

     Our ability to operate our business is dependent on, among other things, our ability to obtain
governmental authorizations and permits in the planning, construction and operation of our
networks. Obtaining governmental authorizations and permits can be very time sensitive and require
compliance with administrative and procedural rules. To remain competitive, we must obtain such
authorizations and permits on a timely basis, at a reasonable cost and on acceptable terms and
conditions. If we cannot obtain the necessary governmental authorizations and permits at all or on
reasonable terms and conditions, we may incur substantial costs associated with finding an
alternate, viable resolution, relocating sites and infrastructure, writing off cost and expenses
associated with sites we are unable to use, and we may experience a delay or impairment in the
provisioning of our services which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and operating results.

We are subject to significant federal and state regulation.

     The FCC regulates the licensing, construction, modification, operation, ownership, sale and
interconnection of wireless communications systems, as do some state and local regulatory agencies.
We cannot assure you that the FCC or any state or local agencies having jurisdiction over our
business will not impose new or revised regulatory requirements, new or increased costs or require
changes in our current or planned operations. State regulatory agencies also are increasingly
focused on the quality of service and support that wireless carriers provide to their customers and
several agencies have proposed or enacted new and potentially burdensome regulations in this area.
We also cannot assure you that the Communications Act, from which the FCC obtains its authority,
will not in its current state result in the imposition of additional costs for compliance or be
further amended in a manner that could be adverse to us. For instance, the FCC restricts the
ownership levels held by foreign nationals or their representatives, a foreign government or its
representative or any corporation organized under the laws of a foreign country, and as a public
company, the costs and results of compliance with such restrictions may have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. Further, with the recent change
in party affiliation of the President of the United States and changes in the composition of
Federal and stated legislatures there may be additional legislative or regulatory changes that
affect our business. The FCC also may change its rules, which could result in adverse consequences
to our business, including harmful interference to our existing networks and spectrum. For
example, the FCC recently proposed to allocate 20 or 25 MHz of spectrum for a nationwide broadband
network operating in spectrum adjacent or proximate to the existing allocated and licensed AWS
spectrum, including spectrum for which we are licensed. The FCC also has proposed service rules
for 10 MHz of spectrum for AWS services operating in spectrum adjacent to the existing PCS
spectrum. The technical rules proposed by the FCC for these blocks of spectrum may result in
interference to our existing and planned PCS and AWS networks which could cause our customers to
experience dropped calls and degraded call quality while using our system. With the exception of
the Boston-Worcester, Massachusetts/New Hampshire/Rhode Island/Vermont Economic Area, we are
licensed for or have access to only AWS and PCS spectrum in our metropolitan areas and therefore we
would be unable to use other frequency bands to avoid any such interference. If, as a result of
interference, our customers experience a significant increase in dropped calls or significantly
degraded service, we could experience higher churn and we may have difficulty adding additional
customers, which could have an adverse effect on our business, our financial condition and
operating results. In addition, the interference may cause our networks to have reduced capacity
which may require us to incur additional costs of adding cell sites or DAS nodes and to spend
additional capital.

     Our operations also are subject to various other regulations, including certain regulations
promulgated by the Federal Trade Commission, the Federal Aviation Administration, the Environmental
Protection Agency, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and state and local regulatory
agencies and legislative bodies. Adverse decisions or regulations of these regulatory bodies could
negatively impact our operations and costs of doing business. Because of our smaller size,
governmental regulations and orders can disproportionately increase our costs and affect our
competitive position compared to other larger telecommunications providers. We are unable to
predict the scope, pace or financial impact of regulations and other policy changes that could be
adopted by the various governmental entities that oversee portions of our business. As previously
noted herein, a variety of changes in regulatory policies are under consideration and depending
upon the outcomes, the changes could materially adversely effect our business, financial condition,
or operating results.

41

Table of Contents

     Compliance with current or future federal, state, or local laws, regulations, rules, and
ordinances could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating
results, including but not limited to, increasing our operating expenses or costs, requiring us to
obtain new or additional authorizations or permits, requiring us to change our business and
customer service processes, limiting our ability to attract and retain certain customer segments,
increasing the costs of our services to our customers, requiring system and network upgrades,
requiring us to hire additional employees, and requiring us to spend significant additional
capital. A failure to meet or maintain compliance with federal, state or local regulations, laws,
rules or ordinances also could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
or operating results, including, but not limited to, subjecting us to fines, forfeitures,
penalties, license revocations, or other sanctions, including the imposition of mandatory reporting
requirements, limitation on our ability to participate in future FCC auctions or acquisitions of
spectrum, and compliance programs and corporate monitors. In addition, a material failure to
comply with regulations or statutory requirements may limit our ability to draw certain amounts
under our senior secured credit facility or could result in a default under our indebtedness.

The structure of the transaction with Royal Street Communications creates risks because Royal
Street Communications may be required to pay back credits received in the grant of its open
licenses or to forfeit closed licenses.

     Royal Street Communications acquired its PCS licenses as a DE. As a result, Royal Street
Communications received a bidding credit equal to approximately $94 million for its “open” PCS
licenses and was granted certain “closed” licenses in Florida for which DEs were the only qualified
applicants. Subject to certain non-controlling investor protections in Royal Street
Communications’ limited liability company agreement, C9 has control over the operations of Royal
Street because it has the right to elect three of the five members of Royal Street Communications’
management committee, which have the full power to direct the management of Royal Street
Communications. However, the Royal Street Communications business plan may become so closely
aligned with our business plan that there is a risk the FCC may find Royal Street Communications to
have relinquished control over its licenses to us in violation of FCC requirements. In 2006 the
FCC made changes to the DE rules which preclude the wholesale arrangements we have with Royal
Street Communications on a prospective basis, but the FCC grandfathered our existing wholesale
relationship. Further, the FCC has an ongoing proceeding seeking to determine what additional
changes, if any, may be required or appropriate to its DE program and aspects of the DE program
remain subject to challenge in federal courts of appeal. While the FCC has grandfathered the
existing arrangements between Royal Street Communications and us, there can be no assurance that
any changes that may be required with respect to those arrangements in the future will not cause
the FCC to determine that the changes would trigger the loss of DE eligibility for Royal Street.
If the FCC were to determine that Royal Street has failed to exercise the requisite control over
its licenses and thus lost its status as a DE, Royal Street would be required to repay the FCC the
amount of the bidding credit on a five-year straight-line basis beginning on the grant date of the
license, which was December 2005, and it could lose some or all of the licenses only available to
DEs which have not yet been constructed, which includes several of its licenses in Florida. If
Royal Street lost those licenses or was required to repay the bidding credits it received, it could
have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.

Royal Street owns certain licenses that we do not control and that may never be sold to us.

     Our agreements with Royal Street Communications allow us in accordance with applicable laws
and regulations to actively participate in the development of the Royal Street licenses and
networks, and we have the right to purchase, on a wholesale basis, 85% of the engineered capacity
provided by the Royal Street systems and to resell those services on a retail basis under our
brand. We, however, do not control Royal Street or the Royal Street licenses. C9, an unaffiliated
third party, has the ability through June 2012 to require us to purchase, or put, all or part of
its ownership interest in Royal Street Communications, but we have no corresponding right to
require C9 to sell to us, or call, its ownership interest in Royal Street Communications to us. C9
might not exercise its put rights or, if it does, we do not know when such exercise may occur.
Further, the FCC’s rules restrict our ability to acquire or control Royal Street during the period
that Royal Street must maintain its eligibility as a DE, which is currently through December 2010.
Thus, we cannot be certain that the Royal Street licenses will be developed in a manner fully
consistent with our business plan or that C9 will act in ways that benefit us.

42

Table of Contents

Spectrum for which we have been granted licenses as a result of AWS Auction 66 and Auction 73 is
subject to certain legal challenges, which may ultimately result in the FCC revoking our licenses.

     We were required by the applicable FCC rules to pay the full purchase price of approximately
$1.4 billion and $313.3 million to the FCC for the licenses we were granted as a result of Auction
66 and Auction 73, respectively, even though there are ongoing challenges to some aspects of the
final auction rules as they relate to DE participation in the auctions. Several interested parties
are appealing these rules in the U.S. Courts and are seeking, among other relief, to overturn the
results of Auction 66 and Auction 73. We are unable at this time to predict with certainty the
likely outcome of these challenges. If the courts invalidate either auction, we could lose the
licenses granted to us as a result of the auctions and would have no assurance of being able to
reacquire the licenses in a subsequent re-auction. While we would likely receive a refund of the
payments made to the FCC for the spectrum should either auction be overturned, we would not be
reimbursed for time, money and efforts spent to clear the spectrum, expenses incurred to build
systems operating on the spectrum, the interest expenses incurred by us prior to the refund, the
losses associated with launching the markets on this spectrum, or the loss of revenue and profits
associated with these markets. In addition, there could be a delay in us receiving a refund of our
payments until the appeal is final. If the results of either auction were overturned and we receive
a refund, the delay in the return of our money, the interest we would have incurred without
reimbursement, the loss of any amounts spent to develop the licenses in the interim, which could be
substantial, and the loss of the ability to provide service in the metropolitan areas covered by
such licenses, may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating
results.

Legal actions by the Copyright Office of the Library of Congress and by third parties may have an
adverse effect on our distribution strategy.

     Many carriers, including us, routinely place software locks on wireless handsets, which
prevent a customer from using a wireless handset sold by one carrier on another carrier’s system.
The Copyright Office of the Library of Congress, or Copyright Office, has adopted an exemption that
allows a person to circumvent such software locks and other firmware that enable wireless handsets
to connect to a wireless telephone network when such circumvention is accomplished for the sole
purpose of lawfully connecting the wireless handset to another wireless telephone network. Based
in part on this exemption, we have implemented a “flashing” service which allows new customers to
“unlock” their existing handsets and connect them to our network. The anti-circumvention exemption
is due to expire in October 2009, is subject to review in pending proceedings before the Library of
Congress, and may not be extended. In addition, one carrier has alleged that our flashing program
infringes and dilutes their trademarks and service marks and that we are inducing the breach of
their agreements with their customers. If a significant number of new customers are attracted to
our service as a result of our flashing service and we are unable to continue such service, it
could adversely affect our ability to continue to attract new customers to our service and could
impose additional costs on us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and operating results. The unlocking rules also may allow customers who are
dissatisfied with their current service to utilize the services of our competitors or us without
having to purchase a new handset. The ability of our customers to leave our service and use their
wireless handsets on other carriers’ networks may have an adverse material impact on our business.
In addition, since we provide a subsidy for handsets to our distribution partners that are incurred
in advance, we may experience higher distribution costs resulting from wireless handsets not being
activated or maintained on our network, which costs may be material, and which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.

General Matters

Our stock price has historically been and may continue to be volatile and you may lose all or some
of your investment.

     The trading prices of the securities of telecommunications companies have been highly
volatile. Accordingly, the trading price of our common stock has been, and is likely to be, subject
to wide fluctuations. Our stock price may fluctuate in reaction to a number of events and factors
that may include, among other things:

•

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our or our competitors’ operating and financial
results;

•

changes in, or our failure to meet, securities analysts’ expectations;

•

entry of new competitors into our markets;

43

Table of Contents

•

introduction of new products and services by us or our competitors or changes in service
plans or pricing by us or our competitors, including the introduction of unlimited fixed-rate
plans by our competitors;

•

challenges to our intellectual property rights or claims that we infringe the intellectual
property rights of others;

•

conditions and trends in the communications and high technology markets;

•

mergers, acquisitions, strategic alliances or significant agreements by us or by our
competitors;

•

sales of our common stock by our directors, executive officers or affiliates or significant
stockholders;

•

volatility in stock market prices and volumes, which is particularly common among
securities of telecommunications companies;

•

the general state of the U.S. and world economies;

•

the announcement, commencement, bidding and closing of auctions for new spectrum or
acquisitions of other businesses; and

•

recruitment or departure of key personnel.

     In addition, in recent months, the stock market has experienced significant price and volume
fluctuations. This volatility has had a significant impact on the trading price of securities
issued by many companies, including companies in the telecommunications industry. The changes
frequently occur irrespective of the operating performance of the affected companies. Hence, the
trading price of our common stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to
do with our business, financial condition and operating results.

Your ownership interest could be diluted by future issuances of shares that our Board has the
authority to issue, and such future issuances or sales of such shares may adversely affect the
market price of MetroPCS’ common stock.

     We have registered all shares of common stock that we may issue under our stock option and
performance award plans; thus, when we issue shares under these plans, the shares can be freely
sold in the public market subject to any requirements under the Securities Act. We also have
granted certain of our stockholders the right to require us to register their shares of our common
stock. If we propose to register any additional securities under the Securities Act, either for
our own account or for the account of security holders exercising registration rights, the number
of shares subject to registration could increase and your interest could be significantly diluted
and the sale of these shares may have a negative impact on the market price for our common stock.
Further, the sale of a substantial amount of our common stock, or the possibility of such a sale,
including sales by significant stockholders or executives of the Company, may reduce the market
price of our common stock and could impede our ability to raise future capital through the issuance
of equity securities at a time and at a price we deem appropriate.

If we fail to manage our planned growth effectively and maintain an effective system of internal
controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud.

     We have experienced rapid growth and development in a relatively short period of time and
expect to continue to experience substantial growth in the future. Effective internal controls are
necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. Because of
inherent limitations, internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree
of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. Previously, we failed to adequately
implement financial controls and management systems. We publicly acknowledged deficiencies in our
financial reporting as early as August 2004, and have made changes in our controls and systems that
are designed to address these deficiencies. Our expected growth will also require stringent
control of costs, diligent management of our network infrastructure and our growth, increased
capital requirements, increased costs associated with marketing activities, the ability to attract
and retain qualified management, technical and sales personnel and the training and management of
new personnel, and the design and implementation of financial and management controls. Our

44

Table of Contents

growth will challenge the capacity and abilities of existing employees and future employees at
all levels of our business and the controls and systems we have implemented. Failure to
successfully manage our expected growth and development could have a material adverse effect on our
business, increase our costs and adversely affect our level of service and inadequate internal
controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information which
could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock.

The value of our FCC licenses may drop in the future as a result of volatility in the marketplace
and the sale of additional spectrum by the FCC.

     The market value of FCC licenses has been subject to significant volatility in the past and
the value of our licenses may continue to fluctuate as the FCC continues to auction, and make
available through regulatory flexibility, additional substantial amounts of spectrum. The impact of
these future actions and auctions on license values is uncertain. There can be no assurance of the
market value of our FCC licenses or that the market value of our FCC licenses will not be volatile
in the future. If the value of our licenses was to decline significantly, we could be forced to
record non-cash impairment charges which could impact our ability to borrow additional funds. A
significant impairment loss could have a material adverse effect on our operating income and on the
carrying value of our licenses on our balance sheet.

Declines in our operating performance could ultimately result in an impairment of our
indefinite-lived assets, including FCC licenses, or our long-lived assets, including property and
equipment.

     We assess potential impairments to our long-lived assets, including property and equipment and
certain intangible assets, when there is evidence that events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We assess potential impairments to indefinite-lived
intangible assets, including FCC licenses, annually and when there is evidence that events or
changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment condition may exist. If we do not achieve our
planned operating results, this may ultimately result in a non-cash impairment charge related to
our long-lived and/or our indefinite-lived intangible assets. A significant impairment loss could
have a material adverse effect on our operating results and on the carrying value of our FCC
licenses and/or our long-lived assets on our balance sheet.

We may be unable to service our debt and to refinance our indebtedness before maturity.

     Our ability to meet our existing or future debt obligations and to reduce our indebtedness
will depend on our future performance and the other cash requirements of our business. Our
performance, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic conditions, financial,
competitive, business, political, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. In
addition, our ability to borrow funds in the future to make payment on our debt will depend on the
satisfaction of covenants in our senior secured credit facility, the indentures governing our
senior notes, other debt agreements and other agreements we may enter into in the future.
Specifically, we will need to maintain certain financial ratios and satisfy financial condition
tests. We cannot assure you that we will continue to generate sufficient cash flow from operations
at or above current levels or that future borrowings will be available to us under our senior
secured credit facility or from other sources in an amount sufficient to enable us to repay all of
our indebtedness timely. As a result, we believe we may need to refinance all or a portion of our
remaining existing indebtedness prior to its maturity. Disruptions in the financial markets could
make it more difficult to obtain debt or equity financing on reasonable terms or at all. We cannot
assure you that we will be able to service our debt or refinance any or all of our indebtedness on
favorable or commercially reasonable terms, or at all.

Our senior secured credit facility and the indentures governing our senior notes include
restrictive covenants that limit our operating flexibility.

     Our senior secured credit facility and indentures governing our senior notes impose material
operating and financial restrictions on us. These restrictions, subject in certain cases to
ordinary course of business and other exceptions, may limit our ability to engage in some
transactions, including the following:

•

incurring additional debt;

•

paying dividends, redeeming capital stock or making other restricted payments or
investments;

•

selling or buying assets, properties or licenses;

•

developing assets, properties or licenses which we have or in the future may procure;

45

Table of Contents

•

creating liens on assets;

•

participating in future FCC auctions of spectrum or private sales of spectrum or
purchasing businesses;

•

merging, consolidating or disposing of assets;

•

entering into transactions with affiliates; and

•

placing restrictions on the ability of subsidiaries (other than Royal Street and its
subsidiaries) to pay dividends or make other payments.

     Under the senior secured credit facility, we are also subject to financial maintenance
covenants with respect to our senior secured leverage and in certain circumstances total maximum
consolidated leverage and certain minimum fixed charge coverage ratios. These restrictions could
limit our ability to obtain debt financing, repurchase stock, refinance or pay principal on our
outstanding debt, complete acquisitions for cash or debt or react to changes in our operating
environment or the economy. Any future debt that we incur may contain similar or more restrictive
covenants.

     Any failure to comply with the restrictions of the senior secured credit facility or the
indentures governing our senior notes, or certain current and any subsequent financing agreements
may result in an event of default under these agreements, which in turn may result in defaults or
acceleration of obligations under these agreements and other agreements, giving our lenders the
right to terminate any commitments they had made to provide us with further funds and to require us
to repay all amounts then outstanding.

Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our business, financial condition and
operating results and our senior creditors would have a prior secured claim to any collateral
securing the debt owed to them.

     Our ability to make payments on our debt and to fund operations and significant planned
capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. Our substantial
debt service obligations could have important material consequences to you, including the
following:

•

limiting our ability to borrow money or sell stock to fund working capital, capital
expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions, technological initiatives and other
general corporate purposes;

•

making it more difficult for us to make payments on our indebtedness;

•

increasing our vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions;

•

limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or the
telecommunications industry;

•

limiting our ability to increase our capital expenditures to roll out new services;

•

limiting our ability to purchase additional spectrum or develop new metropolitan areas in
the future;

•

reducing the amount of cash available for working capital needs, capital expenditures for
existing and new markets and other corporate purposes by requiring us to dedicate a
substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal of, and
interest on, our indebtedness; and

•

placing us at a competitive disadvantage to our competitors who are less leveraged than
we are.

     Any of these risks could impair our ability to fund our operations or limit our ability to
expand our business as planned, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and operating results.

     Further, although we have substantial indebtedness, we may still be able to incur
significantly more debt as market conditions permit, which could further reduce the cash we have
available to invest in our operations, as a result of our increased debt service obligations. The
terms of the agreements governing our long-term indebtedness, subject to specified limitations,
allow for the incurrence of additional indebtedness by us and our subsidiaries. In

46

Table of Contents

addition, funding remains available under the revolving credit facility portion of the senior
secured credit facility. The more leveraged we become, the more we, and in turn the holders of our
securities, become exposed to the risks described above. Additionally, the secured creditors
received a pledge of all of the equity of MetroPCS Wireless, Inc., or Wireless, and of its existing
and future direct and indirect subsidiaries, where most of our assets and all of our operations and
business results are generated and generally have a lien on all of the assets of Wireless and these
subsidiaries.

Settlements, judgments, restraints on our current or future manner of doing business or legal
costs resulting from pending or future litigation could have an adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and operating results.

     We are regularly involved in a number of legal proceedings before various state and federal
courts and the FCC. Such legal proceedings can be complex, costly, protracted and highly disruptive
to business operations by diverting the attention and energies of management and other key
personnel. Also, changes in the law or legal interpretations can affect the outcome of existing
rules. The assessment of the outcome of legal proceedings, including our potential liability, if
any, is a highly subjective process that requires judgments about future events which are not
within our control. The outcome of litigation, including amounts ultimately received or paid upon
settlement or other resolution of litigation and other contingencies may differ materially from
amounts accrued in the financial statements. In addition, litigation or similar proceedings could
impose restraints on our current or future manner of doing business. Such potential outcomes could
have a material adverse effect on our business financial condition, of operating results, or
ability to do business.

We are currently controlled by a limited number of stockholders, and their interests may be
different from yours.

     A certain portion of the voting power of our capital stock is concentrated in the hands of a
few shareholders some of which are members of our board of directors. As a result, if such persons
act together, they may have the ability to significantly influence whether required consents can be
obtained and may have substantial control over all matters submitted to our stockholders for
approval, including the election and removal of directors, changes in our capital structure,
governance, shareholder approvals and the approval of any merger, consolidation or sales of all or
substantially all of our assets. These stockholders may have different interests than the other
holders of our common stock and may make decisions that are adverse to your interests.

Our stockholder rights plan could prevent a change in control of our Company in instances in which
some stockholders may believe a change in control is in their best interests.

     We have a stockholder rights plan, or Rights Plan. Pursuant to the Rights Plan, we have issued
to our stockholders one preferred stock purchase right for each outstanding share of our common
stock as of March 27, 2007. Each right, when exercisable, will entitle its holder to purchase from
us a unit consisting of one one-thousandth of a share of series A junior participating preferred
stock at $66.67 per share. Our Rights Plan is intended to protect stockholders in the event of an
unfair or coercive offer to acquire our Company and to provide our board of directors with adequate
time to evaluate unsolicited offers. The Rights Plan may prevent or make takeovers or unsolicited
corporate transactions more difficult. The Rights Plan will cause substantial dilution to a person
or group that attempts to acquire us on terms that our board of directors does not believe are in
our best interests and those of our stockholders and may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or
acquisition that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders
might otherwise receive a premium for their shares.

Conflicts of interest may arise because some of our directors are principals of our stockholders,
and we have waived our rights to certain corporate opportunities.

     Our board of directors includes representatives of certain of our significant stockholders.
Those stockholders and their respective affiliates may invest in entities that directly or
indirectly compete with us, companies in which they are currently invested may already compete with
us, or companies in which we transact business. As a result of these relationships, when conflicts
between the interests of those stockholders or their respective affiliates and the interests of our
other stockholders arise, these directors may not be disinterested. Under Delaware law,
transactions that we enter into in which a director or officer has a conflict of interest are
generally permissible so long as (1) the material facts relating to the director’s or officer’s
relationship or interest as to the transaction are disclosed to our board of directors and a
majority of our disinterested directors approves the transaction, (2) the material facts relating
to the director’s or officer’s relationship or interest as to the transaction are disclosed to our
stockholders

47

Table of Contents

and a majority of our disinterested stockholders approves the transaction, or (3) the
transaction is otherwise fair to us. Also, pursuant to the terms of our certificate of
incorporation, our non-employee directors are not required to offer us any corporate opportunity of
which they become aware and could take any such opportunity for themselves or offer it to other
companies in which they have an investment, unless such opportunity is expressly offered to them in
their capacity as a director of our Company.

Our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware corporate law contain provisions which could
delay or prevent a change in control even if the change in control would be beneficial to our
stockholders.

     Delaware law, as well as our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, contains provisions that
could delay or prevent a change in control of our Company, even if it were beneficial to our
stockholders to do so. These provisions also could limit the price that investors might be willing
to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. These provisions:

•

authorize the issuance of preferred stock that can be created and issued by the board of
directors without prior stockholder approval to increase the number of outstanding shares and
deter or prevent a takeover attempt;

•

prohibit stockholder action by written consent, requiring all stockholder actions to be
taken at a meeting of our stockholders;

•

require stockholder meetings to be called only by the President or at the written request
of a majority of the directors then in office and not the stockholders;

•

prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors, which would otherwise allow less
than a majority of stockholders to elect director candidates;

•

provide that our board of directors is divided into three classes, each serving three-year
terms; and

•

establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the board of
directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder
meetings.

     In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law imposes restrictions on
business combinations such as mergers between us and a holder of 15% or more of our voting stock.
See “Description of Capital Stock — Anti-Takeover Effects of Delaware Law and Our Restated
Certificate of Incorporation and Restated Bylaws.”

     Any of the foregoing events or other events could cause revenues, customer additions,
operating income, capital expenditures and other financial or statistical information to vary from
our forward-looking estimates by a material amount.