An
investment in our Common Stock involves risks. You should consider carefully the risks described below together with all of the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements that contain risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the section entitled “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” on page 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K in connection with your consideration of the risk
factors and other important factors that may affect future results described below. 

If we or our partners are unable to
successfully monetize our user traffic, or if our partners choose not to advertise with us, or choose to reduce their spending with us, our financial performance could be materially adversely affected. 

Even if we succeed in driving traffic to our websites, neither we nor our partners may be able to monetize this traffic or otherwise
retain consumers. We maintain relationships with our click-based advertising partners, predominantly online travel agencies and direct suppliers in the hotel and airline product categories, and include their data and content in our search results.
The loss of existing relationships with our partners, or an inability to continue to add new ones, may result in our hotel metasearch display providing incomplete pricing, availability and other information, which could reduce user confidence and
have an adverse impact on traffic. A metasearch product is an interface that displays availability and pricing information from multiple sources on one page. Our revenues are based significantly on CPC pricing and volume of clicks by our users. We
expect that click volume may decrease as a result of our transition to hotel metasearch display, but that CPC pricing levels will rise. To the extent that the expected increase in CPC pricing levels does not sufficiently offset the expected drop in
click volume, our financial performance may be materially adversely affected. We cannot guarantee that our partners will continue to advertise with us. If our partners choose not to advertise with us, or choose to reduce their spending with us, our
financial performance may be materially adversely affected. 

If we are unable to continue to increase visitors to our websites and to
cost-effectively convert these visitors into repeat users or contributors, our advertising revenue could decline. 

The
primary asset that we use to attract traffic to our websites and convert these visitors into repeat users is the content created by users of our websites, particularly such content’s volume, unique nature and organization. Our success in
attracting users depends, in part, upon our continued ability to collect, create, organize and distribute high-quality, commercially valuable content in a cost-effective manner at a scale that connects consumers with content that meets their
specific interests and enables them to share and interact with the content and supporting communities. There can be no assurances that we will continue to receive content in a cost-effective manner or in a manner that timely meets rapidly changing
consumer demand, if at all. Any failure to obtain such content could adversely affect user experiences and reduce traffic driven to our websites, which would make our websites less attractive to advertisers. Any change in the cost structure pursuant
to which we obtain our content currently, or in travelers’ relative appreciation of user-based versus expert content, could negatively impact our business and financial performance. 

Our businesses could be negatively affected by changes in search engine algorithms and dynamics, or search engine disintermediation. 

We rely heavily on Internet search engines such as Google, including through the purchase of travel-related keywords, to generate traffic
to our websites. We obtain a significant amount of traffic via search engines and, therefore, utilize techniques such as SEO and SEM to improve our placement in relevant search queries. Search engines, including Google, frequently update and change
the logic that determines the placement and display of results of a user’s search, such that the purchased or algorithmic placement of links to our websites can be negatively affected. Moreover, a search engine could, for competitive or other
purposes, alter its search algorithms or results causing our websites to place lower in search query results. If a major search engine 

13 

Table of Contents

changes its algorithms in a manner that negatively affects our paid or unpaid search ranking, or if competitive dynamics impact the effectiveness of SEO or SEM in a negative manner, our business
and financial performance would be adversely affected, potentially to a material extent. Furthermore, our failure to successfully manage our SEO and SEM strategies could result in a substantial decrease in traffic to our websites, as well as
increased costs if we were to replace free traffic with paid traffic. 

In addition, to the extent that Google (including
Google + Local and Google Hotel Finder) and ) Bing (including Bing Travel), or other leading search or metasearch engines that have a significant presence in our key markets, disintermediate online travel agencies or travel content providers by
offering comprehensive travel planning or shopping capabilities, or refer those leads to suppliers directly, or to other favored partners, there could be a material adverse impact on our business and financial performance. For example, during 2011,
Google completed its acquisition of flight search technology company ITA Software and separately made changes to its hotel search results, including both expanding and promoting the use of Google + Local. To the extent these actions have a negative
effect on our search traffic, our business and financial performance could be adversely affected. 

Declines or disruptions in the travel
industry could adversely affect our businesses and financial performance. 

Our businesses and financial performance are
affected by the health of the worldwide travel industry. Travel expenditures are sensitive to personal and business discretionary spending levels and tend to decline or grow more slowly during economic downturns. Decreased travel expenditures could
reduce the demand for our services, thereby causing a reduction in revenue. 

Most recently, beginning in 2008, domestic and
global economic conditions deteriorated rapidly, resulting in increased unemployment and a reduction in available budgets for both business and leisure travelers, which slowed spending on the services that we provide. The global economy remains in a
fragile state and may be adversely impacted by a number of negative economic developments including defaults on government debt, significant increases in fuel and energy costs, tax increases and other matters that could reduce discretionary
spending, continued tightening of credit markets, further declines in consumer confidence, and policy missteps. Further weakness in the global economy could create uncertainty for travelers and suppliers, and result in reduced spending by
advertisers. These conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial performance. 

We derive substantially
all of our revenue from advertising and any significant reduction in spending by advertisers could harm our business. 

Most of our advertisers can generally terminate their contracts with us at any time or on very short notice. Advertisers will not continue
to do business with us if their investment in such advertising does not generate sales leads, customers, bookings, or revenue and profit on a cost-effective basis, or if we do not deliver advertisements in an appropriate and effective manner. If we
are unable to remain competitive and provide value to our advertisers, they will likely stop placing ads on our websites, which would harm our revenues and business. In addition, we cannot guarantee that our current advertisers will fulfill their
obligations under existing contracts, continue to advertise beyond the terms of existing contracts or enter into any additional contracts with us. 

Expenditures by advertisers also tend to be cyclical, subject to variation based on budgetary constraints, project cancellation or delay, and to reflect overall economic conditions and buying patterns. If
we are unable to generate advertising revenue due to factors outside of our control, our business and financial performance would be adversely affected. 

Click-based advertising accounts for the majority of our advertising revenue. Any changes we make to our business model, including a transition to a hotel metasearch display, may impact our advertising
revenue in ways 

14 

Table of Contents

that we do not expect. If our partners do not receive the benefits they expect from their advertising spend with us, they may reduce their spending. In addition, if new, more effective
advertising models were to emerge, there can be no assurance that we will have the ability to offer these models, or offer them in an effective manner. To the extent new technology platforms, such as smartphone and tablet computing, begin to take
market share from established platforms, there can be no assurance that our existing advertising models will operate successfully on these new platforms, or work as effectively as on the desktop computer platform. 

Furthermore, our CPC pricing for click-based advertising depends, in part, on competition between advertisers. If our large advertisers
become less competitive with each other, merge with each other or with our competitors, focus more on per-click profit than on traffic volume, or are able to reduce CPCs, this would have an adverse impact on our CPCs which would, in turn, have an
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We rely on a relatively small number of significant
advertisers and any reduction in spending by or loss of those advertisers could seriously harm our business. 

We derive
a substantial portion of our revenue from a relatively small number of significant advertisers. If any of our significant advertisers were to cease or to significantly curtail advertising on our websites, we could experience a rapid decline in our
revenue over a relatively short period of time. For example, for the year ended December 31, 2012, our two most significant advertising customers accounted for a combined 48% of total revenue. 

Changes we make to our user experience and business model may not yield the benefits we expect and may have adverse impacts that we did not
anticipate. 

We are continually working to improve our user experience and business model in order to drive user
traffic and conversion rates. We can give no assurances that the changes we make will yield the benefits we expect and will not have adverse impacts that we did not anticipate. If we reverse any of the changes we make to our user experience or
business model we may incur additional costs, reputational harm and a decline in user traffic and advertising revenue. 

Our success
depends upon the acceptance, and successful measurement, of online advertising as an alternative to offline advertising. 

We believe that a significant discrepancy exists between the percentage of the advertising market allocated to online advertising and the
percentage of consumer time spent on online media consumption as opposed to offline advertising and media consumption. Long-term growth of our business will depend heavily on this distinction between online and offline advertising narrowing or being
eliminated, which may not happen in a manner or to the extent that we currently expect. We compete with traditional media for advertising dollars, in addition to websites with higher levels of traffic. If online advertising ceases to be an
acceptable alternative to offline advertising, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be negatively impacted. 

Because the online marketing industry is relatively new and rapidly evolving, it uses different methods than traditional media to gauge its effectiveness. Some of our potential customers have little or no
experience using the Internet for advertising and marketing purposes and have allocated only limited portions of their advertising and marketing budgets to the Internet. The adoption of Internet advertising, particularly by those entities that have
historically relied upon traditional media for advertising, requires the acceptance of a new way of conducting business, exchanging information and evaluating new advertising and marketing technologies and services. As a result, we are continually
evaluating changes to aspects of our business model to keep pace with the expectations of users and advertisers, and these changes may not yield the benefits we expect. In particular, we are dependent on our clients’ adoption of new metrics to
measure the success of online marketing campaigns. We may also experience resistance from traditional advertising agencies who may be advising our clients. Any 

15 

Table of Contents

lack of growth in the market for various online advertising models could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, if advertisers materially change their transaction attribution models or their return on investment calculations and/or
increase their return on investment targets with respect to online advertising in general, or TripAdvisor traffic in particular, they might reduce the prices they are willing to pay for our advertising products, which would have an adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may experience difficulty in achieving meaningful consumer adoption of,
and creating a viable advertising market via, our applications for smartphone computing devices, which could harm our business. 

In general, our content was originally designed for users accessing the Internet on a desktop or laptop computer. The number of people who access the Internet through devices other than personal computers
has increased substantially in the last few years. Although we have developed services and applications to address the smaller screens, and less convenient typing capabilities of these devices, the efficacy of the smartphone advertising market is
still developing. Moreover, if our smartphone computing services prove to be less effective for users seeking to research travel through these devices or less economically attractive for advertisers and the smartphone segment of Internet traffic
grows at the expense of traditional computer and tablet Internet access, we may experience difficulty attracting and retaining traffic and, in turn, advertisers, on these platforms. Additionally, as new devices and new platforms are continually
being released, it is difficult to predict the challenges that we may encounter in developing versions of our offerings for use on these alternative devices, and we may need to devote significant resources to the creation, support, and maintenance
of our services on such devices. To the extent that revenue generated from advertising placed on smartphone computing devices becomes increasingly more important to our business and we fail to adequately evolve and address this market, our business
and financial performance could be negatively impacted. 

We rely on the value of our brand and consumer trust in our brand, and the
costs of maintaining and enhancing brand awareness are increasing. 

We invest in our brand in order to retain and
expand our customer base and expect these investments to continue, or even increase, as a result of a variety of factors, including increased spending from competitors, the increasing costs of supporting multiple brands, expansion into geographies
and products where our brands are less well known, inflation in media pricing, including SEM keywords, and the continued emergence and relative traffic share growth of search engines and metasearch engines as destination sites for travelers. We
expect to continue to invest in, and devote resources to, advertising and marketing, as well as other brand building efforts to preserve and enhance consumer awareness of our brands. Such efforts may not maintain or enhance consumer awareness of our
brands, and, even if we are successful in our branding efforts, such efforts may not be cost-effective, or as efficient as they have been historically. If we are unable to maintain or enhance consumer awareness of our brands or to generate demand in
a cost-effective manner, it would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 

We face competition from
companies and websites that collect travel-related content, which could divert traffic from our websites causing financial harm to us. 

We may face increased competition to the extent that competitors pursue a strategy to maximize the creation of commercially valuable online content at significant scale. For example, if any of the large
search engines, online travel agencies or other companies chose to compete more directly with us in the travel review space, we may face loss of business or other adverse financial consequences since those entities generally possess significantly
greater consumer bases, financial resources, distribution channels and patent portfolios. For example, Google + Local, with its aggregated reviews and local recommendations, competes with us. Further, Google’s access to more comprehensive data
regarding user search queries through its search algorithms gives it a significant competitive advantage over other companies in the industry, including us. If this data is used 

16 

Table of Contents

competitively by Google, sold to online publishers or given away for free, our business may face increased competition from companies, including Google, with substantially greater resources,
brand recognition and established market presence. Facebook may also compete with us in new and unknown ways. For example, if significant numbers of users adopt Facebook’s newly released Graph Search to get travel recommendations, it could
have the effect of reducing traffic and user engagement on TripAdvisor. We could also face competition from online travel agents that may be in a position to accumulate and develop a comprehensive offering of travel-related reviews and resources.
The barriers to entry for these companies may be limited given their access to travel-related information and relationships with consumers. If online travel agents were to more aggressively pursue our market, the number of visitors to our websites
may be negatively affected, which would, in turn, negatively impact our community and ability to collect content and also to reduce our ability to attract advertisers. Online travel agents are also a meaningful source of revenue for us, so if in
competing with us, these companies decide to reduce or eliminate their business with us, and it could significantly impact our results of operations and financial condition. Any of these competitors may announce new products, services or
enhancements that attract users. 

Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other
resources compared to us as well as large client bases. In addition, we compete with newspapers, magazines and other traditional media companies that provide offline and online advertising opportunities. We expect to face additional competition as
other established and emerging companies enter the travel advertising market. Certain of the companies we do business with, including some of our click-based advertising partners, are also our competitors. The consolidation of our competitors and
partners, including Expedia (through its investment in trivago) and Priceline (through its announced acquisition of Kayak), may affect our relative competitiveness and our partner relationships. Competition and consolidation could result in higher
traffic acquisition costs, reduced margins on our advertising services, loss of market share, reduced customer traffic to our websites and reduced advertising by travel companies on our websites. For example, Google (through its launch of Google
Hotel Finder, acquisition of ITA Software, evolution and expansion of Google + Local and preferred top placement of Places results in Google organic travel search results), Microsoft’s Bing (through its launch of Bing Travel), have each taken
steps to appeal more directly to travel customers, which could lead to diversion of customer traffic to their own websites or those of a favored partner, or undermine our ability to obtain prominent placement in paid or unpaid search results at a
reasonable cost, or at all. Competition in our industry may result in pricing pressure, loss of market share or decreased member engagement, any of which could adversely affect our business and financial performance. 

As a distributor and host of Internet content, we face potential liability and expense for legal claims based on the nature and content of the
materials that we distribute or create, or that are accessible via our websites. 

As a distributor and host of original
content and user-generated content, we face potential liability based on a variety of theories, including defamation, libel, negligence, copyright or trademark infringement or other legal theories based on the nature, creation or distribution of
this information, and under various laws, including the Lanham Act, the Copyright Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, and the European Union E-Commerce
Directive. We may also be exposed to similar liability in connection with content that users post to our websites through forums, blogs, comments, and other social media features. In addition, it is possible that visitors to our websites could make
claims against us for losses incurred in reliance upon information provided via our websites. These claims, whether brought in the United States or abroad, could divert management time and attention away from our business and result in significant
costs to investigate and defend, regardless of the merit of these claims. If we become subject to these or similar claims and are not successful in our defense, we may be forced to pay substantial damages. There is no guarantee that we will avoid
future liability and potential expenses for legal claims based on the content available on our websites. Should the content distributed through our websites violate the rights of others or otherwise give rise to claims against us, we could be
subject to substantial liability, which could have a negative impact on our business and financial performance. 

17 

Table of Contents

Loss of trust in our brand would harm our reputation and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. Our success depends on attracting a large number of users to our websites, and retaining such users, and providing leads and clicks to advertisers. In order to attract and retain users, we must remain a
valuable source of travel advice. Because of our reliance on user-generated content, we must continually manage and monitor our content and detect incorrect or fraudulent information. For example, hotels, hotel competitors, or others, in an attempt
to improperly influence a hotel’s reviews and rankings, sometimes write and submit fraudulent or otherwise misleading reviews. If a significant amount of inaccurate or fraudulent information were not detected and removed by us in a timely
manner, or if a significant amount of information was deemed by users or the media to be inaccurate or fraudulent, our brand, business and reputation could be harmed. Any damage to our reputation could harm our ability to attract and retain users,
employees and advertisers, which would adversely affect our business and financial performance. In addition, significant adverse news reports or media, industry or consumer coverage of us would reflect poorly on our brands and could have an adverse
effect on our business and financial performance. 

We are dependent upon the quality of traffic in our network to provide value to
online advertisers, and any failure in our quality control could have a material adverse effect on the value of our websites to our advertisers and adversely affect our revenue. 

We use technology and processes to monitor the quality of and to identify any anomalous metrics associated with, the Internet traffic that
we deliver to online advertisers. These metrics may be indicative of low quality clicks such as non-human processes, including robots, spiders or other software; the mechanical automation of clicking; and other types of invalid clicks or click
fraud. Even with such monitoring in place, there is a risk that a certain amount of low-quality traffic, or traffic that online advertisers deem to be invalid, will be delivered to such online advertisers. As a result, we may be required to credit
amounts owed to us by our advertisers. Furthermore, low-quality or invalid traffic may be detrimental to our relationships with advertisers, and could adversely affect our advertising pricing and revenue. 

New technologies could block our ads, which would harm our business. 

Technologies have been developed that can block the display of online ads and that provide tools to users to opt out of some web-based
advertising products. We derive most of our revenues from fees paid to us by advertisers in connection with the display of ads on web pages for our users. As a result, these technologies and tools could adversely affect our business and financial
performance. 

Unfavorable media coverage could negatively affect our business. 

We receive significant media coverage in our various geographic markets. Unfavorable publicity regarding, for example, our privacy
practices, product changes, the accuracy of user-generated content, product quality, litigation or regulatory activity could adversely affect our reputation with our site users and our advertisers. Such negative publicity also could have an adverse
effect on the size, engagement, and loyalty of our user base and result in decreased revenue, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

If we do not continue to innovate and provide tools and services that are useful to travelers, we may not remain competitive, and our business and financial performance could suffer.

Our success depends in part on continued innovation to provide features and services that make our websites and
smartphone and tablet computing applications useful for travelers. Our competitors are continually developing innovations in online travel-related services and features. If we are unable to provide quality features and services that travelers want
to use, then travelers may become dissatisfied and use a competitor’s offerings. If we are unable to continue offering innovative products and services, we may be unable to attract additional users, which could adversely affect our business and
financial performance. 

18 

Table of Contents

Our culture emphasizes rapid innovation and prioritizes user engagement over short-term financial
results. 

We have a culture that encourages employees to quickly develop and release new and improved products,
which may at times result in unintended consequences or decisions that are poorly received by users or advertisers. Our culture also prioritizes user engagement, or website “stickiness,” over short-term financial results. We have taken
actions in the past and may continue to make product decisions going forward that have the effect of reducing our short-term revenue or profitability if we believe that the decisions benefit the aggregate user experience and/or conversion rates and
CPC pricing, and will thereby improve our financial performance over the long-term. The short-term reductions in revenue or profitability could be more severe than we anticipate. These decisions may not produce the long-term benefits that we expect,
in which case our user growth and engagement, our relationships with users and advertisers, and our business and results of operations could be harmed. For example, if our hotel metasearch product is not embraced by our users or advertising
partners, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. 

We may not be able to successfully expand into the vacation
rental marketplace. 

We offer vacation rental services through our U.S.-based FlipKey and U.K.-based Holiday Lettings
businesses, as well through various partnerships. The online vacation rental market is relatively new and is rapidly evolving, and limited data is currently available regarding the market and industry. Our vacation rental services may not succeed,
and, even if successful, our revenues may not increase. These new services could also increase our operating costs. Furthermore, a larger competitor exists in the vacation rental space, with significantly more users and listed properties, and new
competitors with significant financial resources are continually emerging. If property owners and managers do not perceive the benefits of marketing their properties online or marketing their properties with several intermediaries, then the market
for our services may not develop as expected, or it may develop more slowly than expected, either of which would slow the growth of our business and revenues. 

Growth in use of TripAdvisor through our smartphone products as a substitute for use on personal computers and tablets may negatively affect our revenue and financial results.

We anticipate that the rate of growth in smartphone and tablet users will continue to exceed the growth rate of our overall users for the
foreseeable future, in part due to our focus on developing smartphone and tablet products to encourage usage of TripAdvisor. Although the substantial majority of smartphone users also access and engage with our websites on personal computers and/or
tablets, where we display advertising, our users could decide to increasingly access our products primarily through smartphone devices. We do not currently display graphic advertising on smartphones and our smartphone monetizing strategies are still
developing. If users continue to increasingly access our smartphone products as a substitute for access through personal computers and/or tablets, and if we are unable to successfully improve monetization strategies for our smartphone users, our
revenue and financial results may be negatively affected. 

We may be subject to claims that we violated intellectual property rights of
others, which claims are extremely costly to defend and could require us to pay significant damages and limit our ability to operate. 

Companies in the Internet and technology industries, and other patent and trademark holders seeking to profit from royalties in connection with grants of licenses, own large numbers of patents,
copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We have received in the past, and may in the future receive, notices that claim
we have misappropriated or misused other parties’ intellectual property rights. There may be intellectual property rights held by others, including patents, copyrighted works and/or trademarks, which cover significant aspects of our
technologies or content. Any intellectual property claim against us, regardless of merit, could be time consuming and expensive to settle or litigate and could divert management’s attention and other resources. These claims also could subject
us to significant liability for damages and could result in our having to stop using 

19 

Table of Contents

technology or content found to be in violation of another party’s rights. We might be required or may opt to seek a license for rights to intellectual property held by others, which may not
be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Even if a license is available, we could be required to pay significant royalties, which would increase our operating expenses. We may also be required to develop alternative non-infringing
technology, or content, which could require significant effort and expense and make us less competitive in the relevant market. Any of these results could harm our business and financial performance. 

We may have future capital needs and may not be able to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms. 

We are party to a term loan in the amount of $400 million, as well as a revolving credit facility of $200 million. These arrangements
may limit our ability to secure significant additional financing in the future on favorable terms. Our ability to secure additional financing and satisfy our financial obligations under indebtedness outstanding from time to time will depend upon our
future operating performance, which is subject to then prevailing general economic and credit market conditions, including interest rate levels and the availability of credit generally, and financial, business and other factors, many of which are
beyond our control. 

In addition, we may be unable to secure additional financing or financing on favorable terms, or our
operating cash flow may be insufficient to satisfy our financial obligations under indebtedness outstanding from time to time (if any). Furthermore, if financing is not available when needed or is not available on favorable terms, we may be unable
to issue or repurchase equity, develop new or enhanced existing services, complete acquisitions or otherwise take advantage of business opportunities, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of equity securities, our stockholders may experience significant dilution. 

We have significant indebtedness, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

The face value of our term loan totals $400 million. Risks relating to our indebtedness include: 

•

 Increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

•

 Requiring us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to principal and interest payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the
availability of cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and investments and other general corporate purposes; 

•

 Making it more difficult for us to optimally capitalize and manage the cash flow for our businesses; 

•

 Limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the markets in which we operate; 

•

 Possibly placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; 

•

 Limiting our ability to borrow additional funds or to borrow funds at rates or on other terms that we finds acceptable; and

•

 Exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates because our outstanding debt is expected to be subject to variable rates of interest.

In addition, it is possible that we may need to incur additional indebtedness in the future in the ordinary
course of business. The terms of our term loan and revolving credit facility will allow us to incur additional debt subject to certain limitations. If new debt is added to current debt levels, the risks described above could intensify. 

The agreements that govern our credit facility contain various covenants that limit our discretion in the operation of our business and also
require us to meet financial maintenance tests and other covenants. The failure to comply with such tests and covenants could have a material adverse effect on us. 

We are party to a credit agreement providing for a revolving credit facility with a borrowing capacity of $200 million and a term of five years, as well as a five-year, $400 million term loan to
TripAdvisor Holdings, 

20 

Table of Contents

LLC. The agreements that govern the term loan and revolving credit facility contain various covenants, including those that limit our ability to, among other things: 

•

 Incur indebtedness; 

•

 Pay dividends on, redeem or repurchase our capital stock; 

•

 Enter into certain asset sale transactions, including partial or full spin-off transactions; 

•

 Enter into secured financing arrangements; 

•

 Enter into sale and leaseback transactions; and 

•

 Enter into unrelated businesses. 

These covenants may limit our ability to optimally operate our business. 

In
addition, our term loan and revolving credit facility require that we meet certain financial tests, including an interest coverage test and a leverage ratio test. 

Any failure to comply with the restrictions of our term loan credit facility may result in an event of default under the agreements governing such facilities. Such default may allow the creditors to
accelerate the debt incurred under thereunder. In addition, lenders may be able to terminate any commitments they had made to supply us with further funds (including periodic rollovers of existing borrowings). 

Conflicts of interest, or the appearance of conflicts of interest, may develop between the management and directors of Expedia, on the one hand,
and our management and directors, on the other hand. 

Some members of the management and some directors of Expedia and
TripAdvisor own both Expedia capital stock and our capital stock. In addition, Liberty Interactive Corporation controls the vote of approximately 56.6% of the combined voting power of our outstanding capital stock and also owns a significant number
of shares of Expedia common stock. In addition, Mr. Diller serves as a director of TripAdvisor as well as Chairman and Senior Executive of Expedia. These circumstances could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest when
Expedia’s and our directors and executive officers face decisions that could have different implications for Expedia and us. For example, potential conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute between
Expedia and us regarding terms of the agreements governing the Spin-Off and our relationship with Expedia following the Spin-Off, including the separation agreement, the employee matters agreement, the tax sharing agreement, the transition services
agreement between us and Expedia or any commercial agreements between us and Expedia. Potential conflicts of interest could also arise if we enter into commercial arrangements with Expedia in the future. 

We have adopted “corporate opportunity” provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that generally
provide that no officer or director of TripAdvisor who is also an officer or director of Expedia will be liable to TripAdvisor or its stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty by reason of the fact that any such individual directs a corporate
opportunity to Expedia instead of TripAdvisor, or does not communicate information to TripAdvisor regarding a corporate opportunity that the officer or director has directed to Expedia. In addition, Expedia’s amended and restated certificate of
incorporation renounces any interest or expectancy in certain corporate opportunities, which generally have the effect that no officer or director of Expedia who is also an officer or director of TripAdvisor will be liable to Expedia or its
stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty by reason of the fact that any such individual directs a corporate opportunity to us instead of Expedia, or does not communicate information to Expedia regarding a corporate opportunity that the officer
or director has directed to us. The corporate opportunity provisions may have the effect of exacerbating the risk of conflicts of interest between Expedia and us because the provisions effectively shield an overlapping director/executive officer
from liability for breach of fiduciary duty in the event that such director or officer chooses to direct a corporate opportunity to us instead of to Expedia or vice versa. 

21 

Table of Contents

If the Spin-Off, together with certain related transactions, were to fail to qualify as a transaction
that is generally tax free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we could be subject to significant tax liabilities. 

As a condition to the completion of the Spin-Off, Expedia obtained a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS,
along with an opinion of counsel, satisfactory to the Expedia Board of Directors regarding the qualification of the Spin-Off, together with certain related transactions, as a transaction that is generally tax free for U.S. federal income tax
purposes under Sections 355 and 368(a) (1) (D) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code. The IRS private letter ruling and the opinion of counsel were based on, among other things, certain facts, assumptions as well as
the accuracy of certain representations, statements and undertakings that Expedia and we made to the IRS and to counsel. If any of these representations, statements or undertakings are, or become, inaccurate or incomplete, or if we or Expedia breach
any of the covenants, the IRS private letter ruling and the opinions of counsel may be invalid. 

Moreover, the IRS private
letter ruling does not address all the issues that are relevant to determining whether the Spin-Off qualifies as a transaction that is generally tax free for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Notwithstanding the IRS private letter ruling and/or the
opinion of counsel, the IRS could determine that the Spin-Off should be treated as a taxable transaction if it determines that any of the representations, assumptions or undertakings that were included in the request for the IRS private letter
ruling or on which the opinion of counsel was based is false or has been violated or if it disagrees with the conclusions in the opinion of counsel that are not covered by any IRS ruling. 

Under the tax sharing agreement between us and Expedia, we are generally required to indemnify Expedia for any taxes resulting from the
Spin-Off (and any related interest, penalties, legal and professional fees, and all costs and damages associated with related stockholder litigation or controversies) to the extent such amounts resulted from (i) any act or failure to act by us
described in the covenants in the tax sharing agreement, (ii) any acquisition of our equity securities or assets or those of a member of our group, or (iii) any failure of the representations with respect to us or any member of our group
to be true or any breach by us or any member of our group of any covenant, in each case, which is contained in the separation documents or in the documents relating to the IRS private letter ruling and/or the opinion of counsel. 

We may not be able to engage in desirable strategic transactions and equity issuances due to our tax sharing agreement with Expedia.

Our ability to engage in significant stock transactions could be limited or restricted after the Spin-Off in order to
preserve the tax free nature of the Spin-Off to Expedia. U.S. federal income tax law provides that the Spin-Off would be taxable to Expedia, but not to its stockholders, if such Spin-Off is part of a “plan or series of related
transactions” pursuant to which one or more persons acquire directly or indirectly stock representing a 50% or greater interest (by vote or value) in us or Expedia. Acquisitions that occur during the four-year period that begins two years
before the date of the Spin-Off are presumed to occur pursuant to a plan or series of related transactions, unless it is established that the acquisition is not pursuant to a plan or series of transactions that includes the Spin-Off. U.S. Treasury
regulations currently in effect generally provide that whether an acquisition and a spin-off are part of a plan is determined based on all of the facts and circumstances, including, but not limited to, specific factors described in the Treasury
regulations. In addition, the Treasury regulations provide several “safe harbors” for acquisitions that are not considered to be part of a plan or series of related transactions. 

These rules will limit our ability during the two-year period following the Spin-Off to enter into certain transactions that might be
advantageous to us and our stockholders, particularly issuing equity securities to satisfy financing needs, repurchasing equity securities, and, under certain limited circumstances, acquiring businesses or assets with equity securities or agreeing
to be acquired. 

Under the tax sharing agreement, there are restrictions on our ability to take such actions that could cause
the Spin-Off to fail to qualify as a tax free transaction prior to January 21, 2014. 

22 

Table of Contents

In addition, a sale or disposition of the stock of Expedia or our stock by certain persons
that own 5% or more of any class of our stock could disqualify the tax free status of the Spin-Off. Liberty Interactive Corporation and its affiliates own stock of TripAdvisor representing 56.6% by vote and 21.7% beneficial ownership. Accordingly,
in evaluating our ability to engage in certain transactions involving our equity securities, it is possible that Expedia and we will need to take into account the activities of Liberty Interactive Corporation and its affiliates. 

We rely on information technology to operate our business and maintain competitiveness, and any failure to adapt to technological developments or
industry trends could harm our businesses. 

We depend on the use of sophisticated information technologies and systems.
As our operations grow in size and scope, we must continuously improve and upgrade our systems and infrastructure while maintaining or improving the reliability and integrity of our systems and infrastructure. Our future success also depends on our
ability to adapt our services and infrastructure to meet rapidly evolving consumer trends and demands while continuing to improve the performance, features and reliability of our services in response to competitive service and product offerings. The
emergence of alternative platforms such as smartphone and tablet computing devices and the emergence of niche competitors who may be able to optimize products, services or strategies for such platforms will require new investment in technology. New
developments in other areas, such as cloud computing, could also make it easier for competition to enter our markets due to lower up-front technology costs. In addition, we may not be able to maintain our existing systems or replace or introduce new
technologies and systems as quickly as we would like or in a cost-effective manner. 

If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our
brand, results of operations and business could be harmed. 

We have experienced rapid growth in our headcount and
operations, which places substantial demands on management and our operational infrastructure. We intend to make substantial investments in our technology, sales and marketing and community management organizations. As we continue to grow, we must
effectively integrate, develop and motivate a large number of new employees, including employees in international markets, while maintaining the beneficial aspects of our company culture. If we do not manage the growth of our business and operations
effectively, the quality of our platform and efficiency of our operations could suffer, which could harm our brand, results of operations and business. 

Our international operations involve additional risks and our exposure to these risks will increase as our business expands globally. 

We operate in a number of jurisdictions outside of the United States and intend to continue to expand our international operations. To
achieve widespread acceptance in new countries and markets, we must continue to tailor our services and business model to the unique circumstances of such countries and markets, which can be difficult, costly and divert management and personnel
resources. Failure to adapt practices and models effectively to each country into which we expand could slow our international growth. 

We have businesses operating in China, which create particular risks and uncertainties relating to the laws in China. We operate in China under the brands daodao.com and kuxun.cn. The success of these
businesses, and of any future investments in China, is subject to risks and uncertainties regarding the application, development and interpretation of China’s laws and regulations. 

The laws and regulations of China restrict foreign investment in areas including air-ticketing and travel agency services, Internet
content provision, mobile communication and related businesses. Although we have established effective control of our Chinese businesses through a series of agreements, future developments in the interpretation or enforcement of Chinese laws and
regulations or a dispute relating to these agreements could restrict our ability to operate or restructure these businesses or to engage in strategic transactions. 

23 

Table of Contents

Other risks faced by us as a result of our international operations, including our
operations in China, include: 

•

 Political instability; 

•

 Threatened or actual acts of terrorism; 

•

 Regulatory requirements, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and newly enacted U.K. Bribery Act, data privacy requirements, labor laws and
anti-competition regulations; 

•

 Ability to comply with additional U.S. laws applicable to U.S. companies operating internationally as well as local laws and regulations;

•

 Diminished ability to legally enforce contractual rights; 

•

 Increased risk and limits on enforceability of intellectual property rights; 

•

 Possible preferences by local populations for local providers; 

•

 Restrictions on, or adverse consequences related to, the withdrawal of non-U.S. investment and earnings; 

•

 Currency exchange restrictions, particularly conversion of the U.S. dollar into Chinese renminbi; 

•

 Restrictions on repatriation of cash as well as restrictions on investments in operations in certain countries; 

•

 Financial risk arising from transactions in multiple currencies; 

•

 Slower adoption of the Internet as an advertising, broadcast and commerce medium in certain of those markets as compared to the United States;

•

 Difficulties in managing staffing and operations due to distance, time zones, language and cultural differences; and 

•

 Uncertainty regarding liability for services, content and intellectual property rights, including uncertainty as a result of local laws and lack of
precedent. 

We depend on our key personnel. 

Our future success depends upon the continued contributions of our senior corporate management. In particular, the contributions of
Stephen Kaufer, our President, Chief Executive Officer and a director, are critical to our overall management. Our future success will depend on the performance of our senior management and key employees. We cannot ensure that we will be able to
retain the services of these key personnel or any other member of our senior management or key employees, the loss of whom could seriously harm our business. We do not maintain any key person life insurance policies. 

In addition, competition remains intense for well-qualified employees in certain aspects of our business, including software engineers,
developers, product management and development personnel, and other technology professionals. Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate existing employees. If we do not
succeed in attracting well-qualified employees or retaining or motivating existing employees, our business would be adversely affected. 

Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties may adversely affect our business or financial performance. 

Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing laws, rules
and regulations or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations applicable to us and our business, including those relating to the Internet and online commerce, Internet 

24 

Table of Contents

advertising, consumer protection and privacy. Unfavorable changes could decrease demand for products and services, limit marketing methods and capabilities, increase costs and/or subject us to
additional liabilities. 

For example, there is, and will likely continue to be, an increasing number of laws and regulations
pertaining to the Internet and online commerce that may relate to liability for information retrieved from or transmitted over the Internet, online editorial and user-generated content, user privacy, behavioral targeting and online advertising,
taxation, liability for third-party activities and the quality of products and services. Our current business partner arrangements with third parties, including Facebook, could be negatively impacted to the extent that more restrictive privacy laws
or regulations are enacted, particularly in the United States or European Union. In addition, enforcement authorities in the United States continue to rely on their authority under existing consumer protection laws to take action against companies
relating to data privacy and security practices. The growth and development of online commerce may prompt calls for more stringent consumer protection laws and more aggressive enforcement efforts, which may impose additional burdens on online
businesses generally. 

Liberty Interactive Corporation currently is a controlling shareholder. 

Liberty Interactive Corporation effectively controls the outcome of all matters submitted to a vote or for the consent of our stockholders
(other than with respect to the election by the holders of our common stock of 25% of the members of our Board of Directors and matters as to which Delaware law requires separate class votes). Liberty’s control of us, as well as the existing
provisions of our organizational documents and Delaware law, may discourage or prevent a change of control of us, which may reduce the market price of our common stock. 

Our effective tax rate is impacted by a number of factors that could have a material impact on our financial results and could increase the volatility of those results. 

Due to the global nature of our business, we are subject to income taxes in the United States and other foreign jurisdictions. In the
event we incur net income in certain jurisdictions but incur losses in other jurisdictions, we generally cannot offset the income from one jurisdiction with the loss from another, which could increase our effective tax rate. Furthermore, significant
judgment is required to calculate our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. By virtue of our previously filed
separate company and consolidated income tax returns with Expedia we are routinely under audit by federal, state and foreign taxing authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of audits could be
materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of an audit could have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination
is made. 

Additionally, we earn an increasing portion of our income, and accumulate a greater portion of cash flow, in foreign
jurisdictions. Any repatriation of funds currently held in foreign jurisdictions may result in higher effective tax rates and incremental cash tax payments. In addition, there have been proposals to amend U.S. tax laws that would significantly
impact the manner in which U.S. companies are taxed on foreign earnings. Although we cannot predict whether or in what form any legislation will pass, if enacted, it could have a material adverse impact on our U.S. tax expense and cash flows.

We cannot be sure that our intellectual property is protected from copying or use by others, including potential competitors.

Our websites rely on content, brands and technology, much of which is proprietary. We protect our proprietary content,
brands and technology by relying on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, patents and confidentiality agreements. In connection with our license agreements with third parties, we seek to control access to, and the use and
distribution of, proprietary technology, content and brands. Even with these precautions, it may be possible for another party to copy or otherwise obtain and use our proprietary technology, 

25 

Table of Contents

content or brands without authorization or to develop similar technology, content or brands independently. Effective trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret protection may not be available
in every jurisdiction in which our services are made available, and policing unauthorized use of our proprietary technology, content and brands is difficult and expensive. Therefore, in certain jurisdictions, we may be unable to protect our
proprietary technology, content and brands adequately against unauthorized third-party copying or use, which could adversely affect our business or ability to compete. We cannot be sure that the steps we have taken will prevent misappropriation or
infringement of proprietary technology, content or brands. Any misappropriation or violation of our rights could have a material adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, we may need to go to court or other tribunals to enforce our intellectual
property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. These proceedings might result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. Our failure to protect
our intellectual property in a cost-effective or effective manner could have a material adverse effect on our business and ability to protect our technology, content and brands. 

We currently license from third parties, and from Expedia, some of the technologies, content and brands incorporated into our websites.
As we continue to introduce new services that incorporate new technologies, content and brands, we may be required to license additional technology, content or brands. We cannot be sure that such technology, content and brand licenses will be
available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 

We are subject to foreign exchange risk. 

We conduct a significant and growing portion of our business outside the United States. As a result, we face exposure to movements in
currency exchange rates, particularly those related to the Euro, British pound sterling, Singapore dollar and Chinese renminbi. These exposures include, but are not limited to re-measurement gains and losses from changes in the value of foreign
denominated assets and liabilities; translation gains and losses on foreign subsidiary financial results that are translated into U.S. dollars upon consolidation; and planning risk related to changes in exchange rates between the time we
prepare our annual and quarterly forecasts and when actual results occur. 

Depending on the size of the exposures and the
relative movements of exchange rates, if we were to choose not to hedge or were to fail to hedge effectively our exposure, we could experience a material adverse effect on our financial statements and financial condition. As seen in some recent
periods, in the event of severe volatility in exchange rates the impact of these exposures can increase, and the impact on results of operations can be more pronounced. In addition, the current environment and the increasingly global nature of our
business have made hedging these exposures both more complex and costly. We hedge certain short-term foreign currency exposures with the purchase of forward exchange contracts. These hedge contracts only help mitigate the impact of changes in
foreign currency rates that occur during the term of the related contract period and carry risks of counter-party failure. There can be no assurance that our hedges will have their intended effects. 

System interruption and the lack of redundancy in some of our internal information systems may harm our business. 

We rely on computer systems to deliver content and services. We have experienced and may in the future experience system interruptions
that make some or all of these systems unavailable or prevent us from efficiently fulfilling orders or providing content and services to users and third parties. Significant interruptions, outages or delays in internal systems, or systems of third
parties that we rely upon including multiple co-location providers for data centers and network access, or deterioration in the performance of any such systems, would impair our ability to process transactions or display content and decrease the
quality of the services we offer to travelers and users. These interruptions could include security intrusions and attacks on our systems for fraud or service interruption (called “denial of service” or “bot” attacks). If we were
to experience frequent or persistent system failures, our business, reputations and brand could be harmed. 

26 

Table of Contents

In addition, we lack backup systems or contingency plans for certain critical aspects of our
operations or business processes. Many other systems are not fully redundant and their disaster recovery or business continuity planning may not be sufficient. Fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, break-ins, earthquakes, acts of war
or terrorism, acts of God, computer viruses, electronic intrusion attempts from both external and internal sources and similar events or disruptions may damage or impact or interrupt computer or communications systems or business processes at any
time. Although we have put measures in place to protect certain portions of our facilities and assets, any of these events could cause system interruption, delays and loss of critical data, and could prevent us from providing content and services to
users, travelers and/or third parties for a significant period of time. Remediation may be costly and we may not have adequate insurance to cover such costs. Moreover, the costs of enhancing infrastructure to attain improved stability and redundancy
may be time consuming and expensive and may require resources and expertise that are difficult to obtain. 

We process, store and use
personal information and other data, which subjects us to risks stemming from possible failure to comply with governmental regulation and other legal obligations and potential liability related to security breaches. 

We may acquire personal or confidential information from users of our websites and mobile applications. There are numerous laws regarding
privacy and the storing, sharing, use, processing, disclosure and protection of personal information and other consumer data, the scope of which are changing, subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent between countries or
conflict with other rules. We strive to comply with all applicable laws, policies, legal obligations and industry codes of conduct relating to privacy and data protection. It is possible, however, that these obligations may be interpreted and
applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies, privacy-related obligations to users or other
third parties, or privacy-related legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of personally identifiable information or other user data, may result in governmental enforcement actions,
litigation or public statements against the relevant company by consumer advocacy groups or others and could cause our customers and members to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our business. 

The regulatory framework for privacy issues worldwide is currently in flux and is likely to remain so for the foreseeable future.
Practices regarding the collection, use, storage, transmission and security of personal information by companies operating over the Internet have recently come under increased public scrutiny. The U.S. Congress and federal agencies, including the
Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Commerce, are reviewing the need for greater regulation for the collection and use of information concerning consumer behavior on the Internet, including regulation aimed at restricting certain targeted
advertising practices. U.S. courts are also considering the applicability of existing federal and state statutes, including computer trespass and wiretapping laws, to the collection and exchange of information online. In addition, the European Union
is in the process of proposing reforms to its existing data protection legal framework, which may result in a greater compliance burden for companies, including us, with users in Europe and increased costs of compliance. We have collaborations with
other online service providers that involve exchanges of user information, and these practices may attract increased regulatory scrutiny in the United States and Europe in the future. 

Potential security breaches to our systems, whether resulting from internal or external sources, could significantly harm our business.
There can be no guarantee that our existing security measures will prevent all possible security breaches or attacks. A party, whether internal or external, that is able to circumvent our security systems could misappropriate user information or
proprietary information or cause significant interruptions in our operations. In the past, we have experienced “denial-of-service” type attacks on our systems that have made portions of our websites unavailable for short periods of time as
well as unauthorized access of our systems and data. We may need to expend significant resources to protect against security breaches or to address problems caused by breaches, and reductions in website availability could cause a loss of substantial
business volume during the occurrence of any such incident. Because the techniques used to sabotage security change frequently, often are not recognized until launched against a target and may originate from less regulated and remote areas

27 

Table of Contents

around the world, we may be unable to proactively address these techniques or to implement adequate preventive measures. Security breaches could result in negative publicity, damage to
reputation, exposure to risk of loss or litigation and possible liability due to regulatory penalties and sanctions. Security breaches could also cause travelers and potential users to lose confidence in our security, which would have a negative
effect on the value of our brand. Failure to adequately protect against attacks or intrusions, whether for our own systems or systems of vendors, could expose us to security breaches that could have an adverse impact on financial performance.

Acquisitions and investments by us could result in operating and financial difficulties. 

We have acquired a number of businesses in the past, and our future growth may depend, in part, on future acquisitions, any of which could
be material to our financial condition and results of operations. Certain financial and operational risks related to acquisitions that may have a material impact on our business are: 

•

 Use of cash resources and incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities in funding acquisitions may limit other potential uses of our cash, including
stock repurchases, dividend payments and retirement of outstanding indebtedness; 

•

 Amortization expenses related to acquired intangible assets and other adverse accounting consequences; 

•

 Expected and unexpected costs incurred in identifying and pursuing acquisitions, and performing due diligence on potential acquisition targets that may
or may not be successful; 

•

 Diversion of management’s attention or other resources from our existing business; 

•

 Difficulties and expenses in integrating the operations, products, technology, privacy protection systems, information systems or personnel of the
acquired company; 

•

 Impairment of relationships with employees, suppliers and affiliates of our business and the acquired business; 

•

 The assumption of known and unknown debt and liabilities of the acquired company; 

•

 Failure of the acquired company to achieve anticipated traffic, revenues, earnings or cash flows or to retain key management or employees;

•

 Failure to generate adequate returns on acquisitions and investments; 

•

 Entrance into markets in which we have no direct prior experience and increased complexity in our business; 

•

 Impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets such as trademarks or other intellectual property arising from acquisitions; and

•

 Adverse market reaction to acquisitions. 

Moreover, we rely heavily on the representations and warranties provided to us by the sellers of acquired companies, including as they relate to creation, ownership and rights in intellectual property and
compliance with laws and contractual requirements. Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with past or future acquisitions and investments could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such
acquisitions or investments, incur unanticipated liabilities and harm our business generally. 

We may be unable to access capital when
necessary or desirable. 

The availability of funds depends in significant measure on capital markets and liquidity
factors over which we have no control. In light of periodic uncertainty in the capital and credit markets, there can be no assurance that sufficient financing will be available on desirable or even any terms to fund investments, acquisitions, stock
repurchases, dividends, debt refinancing or extraordinary actions or that counterparties in any such financings would honor their contractual commitments. 

28 

Table of Contents

Furthermore, we are also accumulating a greater portion of our cash flows in foreign
jurisdictions than previously and the repatriation of such funds for use in the United States, including for corporate purposes such as acquisitions, stock repurchases, dividends or debt refinancings, may result in additional U.S. income tax
expense. 

We are currently relying on the “controlled company” exemption under NASDAQ Stock Market Listing Rules, pursuant to
which “controlled companies” are exempt from certain corporate governance requirements otherwise applicable under NASDAQ listing rules. 

The NASDAQ Stock Market Listing Rules exempt “controlled companies,” or companies of which more than 50% of the voting power is held by an individual, a group or another company, from certain
corporate governance requirements, including those requirements that: 

•

 A majority of the Board of Directors consist of independent directors; 

•

 Compensation of officers be determined or recommended to the Board of Directors by a majority of its independent directors or by a compensation
committee comprised solely of independent directors; and 

•

 Director nominees be selected or recommended to the Board of Directors by a majority of its independent directors or by a nominating committee that is
composed entirely of independent directors. 

We currently rely on the controlled company exemption from the
above requirements. Accordingly, our stockholders will not be afforded the same protections generally as stockholders of other NASDAQ-listed companies with respect to corporate governance for so long as we rely on these exemptions from the corporate
governance requirements. 

If we are unable to successfully maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, investors may
lose confidence in our reported financial information and our stock price and business may be adversely impacted. 

As a
public company, we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and our management is required to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of each fiscal year. Additionally, we
are required to disclose in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K our management’s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and a registered public accounting firm’s attestation report on this assessment.
If we are not successful in maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, there could be inaccuracies or omissions in the consolidated financial information we are required to file with the SEC. Additionally, even if there are no
inaccuracies or omissions, we could be required to publicly disclose the conclusion of our management that our internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures are not effective. These events could cause investors to
lose confidence in our reported financial information, adversely impact our stock price, result in increased costs to remediate any deficiencies, attract regulatory scrutiny or lawsuits that could be costly to resolve and distract management’s
attention, limit our ability to access the capital markets or cause our stock to be delisted from The NASDAQ Global Select Market or any other securities exchange on which we are then listed. 

We will incur significant increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives.

Until recently, we have never operated as a stand-alone public company. As a public company, we incur significant
legal, accounting and other expenses and are subject to rules and regulations that regulate corporate governance practices of public companies, including the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended,
and rules promulgated by NASDAQ. We expect that compliance with these public company requirements will make some activities more time consuming and may result in a diversion of management’s time and attention from revenue—generating
activities. For example, in 2012 we created new board committees, adopted new internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures, and devoted and will continue to devote significant management resources to our SEC reporting requirements.

29 

Table of Contents

We may need to implement additional systems or transition to other new systems that require
new expenditures in order to function effectively as a public company. For example, we must document and test our internal control procedures, our management will need to assess and report on our internal control over financial reporting and our
registered public accounting firm will need to issue an opinion on that assessment and the effectiveness of those controls. Furthermore, if we identify any issues in complying with those requirements (for example, if we or our registered public
accounting firm identify a material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting), we may be required to devote additional management attention to rectify those issues, and the existence of those issues could
adversely affect our reputation or investor perceptions of us. There can be no assurance that our implementation of additional systems or transition to new systems will be successful, or that such implementation or transition will not present
unforeseen costs or demands on our management. 

The price of our common stock may be volatile. 

There has been a public market for our common stock only since December 2011. The market price of our common stock is affected by a number
of factors, including: 

•

 Changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts; 

•

 The announcement of new products or product enhancements by us or our competitors; 

•

 Developments in our industry; 

•

 Developments in administrative proceedings or litigation related to intellectual property rights; 

•

 Changes in governmental regulations; 

•

 Quarterly variations in our or our competitors’ results of operations; and 

•

 General market conditions and other factors, including factors unrelated to our operating performance or the operating performance of our competitors.

Future sales of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales may occur, may
depress our stock price. 

For the period ended December 31, 2012, the average daily trading volume of our common
stock on The NASDAQ Global Select Market was approximately 2.5 million shares. If our existing stockholders or their distributees sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, the market price of the common stock could
decrease significantly. The perception in the public market that our existing stockholders might sell shares of common stock could also depress the trading price of our common stock. In addition, certain stockholders have rights, subject to some
conditions, to require us to file registration statements covering their shares or to include their shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders. If Liberty or some other stockholder sells substantial
amounts of our common stock in the public market, or if there is a perception in the public market that Liberty might sell shares of our common stock, the market price of our common stock could decrease significantly. A decline in the price of
shares of our common stock might impede our ability to raise capital through the issuance of additional shares of our common stock or other equity securities. 

Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and Delaware law may discourage or prevent a change of control, even if an acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders, which could
affect our stock price adversely and prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes
in our Board of Directors that our stockholders might consider favorable. Some of these provisions: 

•

 Authorize the issuance of preferred stock which can be created and issued by the Board of Directors without prior stockholder approval, with rights
senior to those of our common stock; and 

30 

Table of Contents

•

 Prohibit our stockholders from filling board vacancies or calling special stockholder meetings. 

We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which may prohibit certain business
combinations with stockholders owning 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock. These and other provisions in our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware law could make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirers to obtain
control of our Board of Directors or initiate actions that are opposed by our then-current Board of Directors, including a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving our company. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or
changes in our Board of Directors could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.