You
should consider carefully the risks described below together with all of the other information included in this Annual Report. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not
presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our business, results of operations or financial condition. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows
could be materially adversely affected. 

If we are unable to continue to increase visitors to our websites and to cost-effectively
convert these visitors into repeat users or contributors, our advertising revenue could decline. 

The primary asset
that we use to attract traffic to our websites and convert these visitors into repeat users is the content created by users of our websites, particularly such content’s volume, unique nature and organization. Our success in attracting users
depends, in part, upon our continued ability to collect, create, organize and distribute high-quality, commercially valuable content in a cost-effective manner at a scale that connects consumers with content that meets their specific interests and
enables them to share and interact with the content and supporting communities. If people do not perceive our products to be useful, reliable and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the
frequency and duration of their engagement. There can be no assurances that we will continue to obtain content in a cost-effective manner or in a manner that timely meets rapidly changing consumer demand. Any failure to obtain such content or
organize and distribute such content in any manner that will engage users could adversely affect user experiences and reduce traffic driven to our websites, which would make our websites less attractive to advertisers. Any change in the cost
structure pursuant to which we obtain our content currently, or in travelers’ relative appreciation of user-based versus expert content or our user-based content versus other sites’ user-based content, could negatively impact our business
and financial performance. 

We derive substantially all of our revenue from advertising and any significant reduction in spending by
advertisers could harm our business. 

We derive substantially all of our revenue from the sale of advertising,
primarily through click-based advertising and, to a lesser extent, display-based advertising. Most of our advertisers can terminate their contracts with us at will or on short notice. Our ability to grow advertising revenue with our existing or new
advertising partners is dependent in large part on our ability to generate revenue for them. Advertisers will not continue to do business with us if their investment in such advertising does not generate sales leads, customers, bookings, or revenue
and profit on a cost-effective basis, or if we do not deliver advertisements in an effective manner. If we are unable to remain competitive and provide value to our advertisers, they will likely stop placing ads on our websites, which would harm our
revenues and business. In addition, we cannot guarantee that our current advertisers will fulfill their obligations under existing contracts, continue to advertise beyond the terms of existing contracts or enter into any additional contracts with
us. 

Click-based advertising accounts for the majority of our advertising revenue. Any changes we make to our business model
may impact our advertising revenue in ways that we do not expect. If our partners do not receive the benefits they expect from their advertising spend with us, they may reduce their spending. In addition, if new, more effective advertising models
were to emerge, there can be no assurance that we will have the ability to offer these models, or offer them in an effective manner. To the extent new technology platforms, such as smartphone and tablet computing, begin to take market share from
established platforms, there can be no assurance that our existing advertising models will operate successfully on these new platforms, or work as effectively as on the desktop computer platform. 

Furthermore, our CPC pricing for click-based advertising depends, in part, on competition between advertisers. If our large advertisers
become less competitive with each other, merge with each other or with our competitors, focus more on per-click profit than on traffic volume, or are able to reduce CPCs, this could have an adverse impact on our CPCs which would, in turn, have an
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

16 

Table of Contents

Expenditures by advertisers also tend to be cyclical, subject to variation based on
budgetary constraints, project cancellation or delay, and to reflect overall economic conditions and buying patterns. If we are unable to generate advertising revenue due to factors outside of our control, our business and financial performance
would be adversely affected. 

Our businesses could be negatively affected by changes in search engine algorithms and dynamics, or search
engine disintermediation. 

We rely heavily on Internet search engines such as Google on desktop, tablet and mobile
devices, including through the purchase of travel-related keywords, to generate traffic to our websites. We obtain a significant amount of traffic via search engines and, therefore, utilize techniques such as SEO and SEM to improve our placement in
relevant search queries. Search engines, including Google, frequently update and change the logic that determines the placement and display of results of a user’s search, such that the purchased or algorithmic placement of links to our websites
can be negatively affected. Moreover, a search engine could, for competitive or other purposes, alter its search algorithms or results causing our websites to place lower in search query results. If a major search engine changes its algorithms in a
manner that negatively affects our paid or unpaid search ranking, or if competitive dynamics impact the effectiveness of SEO or SEM in a negative manner, our business and financial performance would be adversely affected, potentially to a material
extent. Furthermore, our failure to successfully manage our SEO and SEM strategies could result in a substantial decrease in traffic to our websites, as well as increased costs if we were to replace free traffic with paid traffic. 

In addition, to the extent that Google (including Google + Local and Google Hotel Finder) and Bing (including Bing Travel), or other
leading search or metasearch engines that have a significant presence in our key markets, disintermediate online travel agencies or travel content providers by offering comprehensive travel planning or shopping capabilities, or refer those leads to
suppliers directly, or to other favored partners, there could be a material adverse impact on our business and financial performance. For example, during 2011, Google completed its acquisition of flight search technology company ITA Software and
separately made changes to its hotel search results, including both expanding and promoting the use of Google + Local. To the extent these actions have a negative effect on our search traffic, whether on desktop, tablet or mobile devices, our
business and financial performance could be adversely affected. 

We rely on a relatively small number of significant advertisers and any
reduction in spending by or loss of those advertisers could seriously harm our business. 

We derive a substantial
portion of our revenue from a relatively small number of significant advertisers. For example, for the year ended December 31, 2013, our two most significant advertising customers, Expedia and Priceline (and their subsidiaries), accounted for a
combined 47% of total revenue. If any of our significant advertisers were to cease or significantly curtail advertising on our websites, we could experience a rapid decline in our revenue over a relatively short period of time. 

Our success depends upon the acceptance, and successful measurement, of online advertising as an alternative to offline advertising.

We believe that a significant discrepancy exists between the percentage of the advertising market allocated to online
advertising and the percentage of consumer time spent on online media consumption as opposed to offline advertising and media consumption. Long-term growth of our business will depend heavily on this distinction between online and offline
advertising narrowing or being eliminated, which may not happen in a manner or to the extent that we currently expect. We compete with traditional media for advertising dollars, in addition to websites with higher levels of traffic. If online
advertising ceases to be an acceptable alternative to offline advertising then our business, financial condition and results of operations will be negatively impacted. 

Because the online marketing industry is relatively new and rapidly evolving, it uses different methods than traditional media to gauge its effectiveness. Some of our potential customers have little or no
experience using 

17 

Table of Contents

the Internet for advertising and marketing purposes and have allocated only limited portions of their advertising and marketing budgets to the Internet. The adoption of Internet advertising,
particularly by those entities that have historically relied upon traditional media for advertising, requires the acceptance of a new way of conducting business, exchanging information and evaluating new advertising and marketing technologies and
services. As a result, we are continually evaluating changes to aspects of our business model to keep pace with the expectations of users and advertisers, and these changes may not yield the benefits we expect. In particular, we are dependent on our
clients’ adoption of new metrics to measure the success of online marketing campaigns. We may also experience resistance from traditional advertising agencies who may be advising our clients. Any lack of growth in the market for various online
advertising models could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition,
if advertisers materially change their transaction attribution models or their return on investment calculations and/or increase their return on investment targets with respect to online advertising in general, or TripAdvisor traffic in particular,
they might reduce the prices they are willing to pay for our advertising products, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Growth in the use of TripAdvisor through smartphones as a substitute for use on personal computers and tablets may negatively affect our revenue and financial results. 

In general, our content was originally designed for users accessing the Internet on a desktop or laptop computer. The number of people who
access the Internet through devices other than personal computers, such as smartphones and tablets, has increased substantially in the last few years and we anticipate that the rate of use of smartphone computing devices will continue to grow.
Although the substantial majority of smartphone users also access and engage with our websites on personal computers and/or tablets, our users could decide to increasingly access our products primarily through smartphone devices. We have developed
services and applications to address limitations of these smaller devices and our advertising revenues continue to grow, however, we monetize users of smartphone computing devices at a lower rate compared to users who access our websites through
personal computers and the efficacy of the smartphone advertising market and our smartphone monetizing strategies are still developing. 

Additionally, as new devices and new platforms are continually being released, it is difficult to predict the challenges that we may encounter in developing versions of our offerings for use on these
alternative devices, and we may need to devote significant resources to the creation, support, and maintenance of our services on such devices. If users continue to increasingly access our smartphone products as a substitute for access through
personal computers and/or tablets, and if we are unable to successfully improve monetization strategies for our smartphone users, our revenue and financial results may be negatively affected. 

Declines or disruptions in the travel industry could adversely affect our businesses and financial performance. 

Our businesses and financial performance are affected by the health of the worldwide travel industry. Travel expenditures are sensitive to personal and business discretionary spending levels and tend to
decline or grow more slowly during economic downturns. Decreased travel expenditures could reduce the demand for our services, thereby causing a reduction in revenue. 

In 2008, domestic and global economic conditions deteriorated rapidly, resulting in increased unemployment and a reduction in available budgets for both business and leisure travelers, which slowed
spending on the services that we provide. The global economy remains in a fragile state and may be adversely impacted by a number of negative economic developments including defaults on government debt, significant increases in fuel and energy
costs, tax increases and other matters that could reduce discretionary spending, continued tightening of credit markets, further declines in consumer confidence, and policy missteps. Further weakness in the global economy could create uncertainty
for travelers and suppliers, and result in reduced spending by advertisers. These conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial performance. 

18 

Table of Contents

We rely on the value of our brand and consumer trust in our brand. If we are not able to maintain and
enhance our brand, or if events occur that damage our reputation and brand, our business may be harmed. 

We believe
that the TripAdvisor brand has contributed significantly to our success and that maintaining and enhancing our brand is critical to expanding our base of users, creating content and attracting advertisers. As a result, we invest significantly in
brand marketing including, most recently, television. We expect these investments to continue, or even increase, as a result of a variety of factors, including increased spending from competitors, the increasing costs of supporting multiple brands,
expansion into geographies and products where our brands are less well known, inflation in media pricing, and the continued emergence and relative traffic share growth of search engines as destination sites for travelers. Such efforts may not
maintain or enhance consumer awareness of our brands and, even if we are successful in our branding efforts, such efforts may not be cost-effective or as efficient as they have been historically. If we are unable to maintain or enhance consumer
awareness of our brands or to generate demand in a cost-effective manner, it would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 

We receive significant media coverage in our various geographic markets. Unfavorable publicity regarding, for example, our privacy practices, product changes, the accuracy of user-generated content,
product quality, litigation or regulatory activity could adversely affect our reputation with our site users and our advertisers. Such negative publicity also could have an adverse effect on the size, engagement, and loyalty of our user base and
result in decreased revenue, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

Intense competition could reduce our
market share and harm our financial performance. 

The market for the travel services we offer is intensely competitive.
We face competition from a number of different sources and many of our competitors have significantly greater and more diversified resources than we do and may be able to leverage other aspects of their business to enable them to compete more
effectively against us. More specifically: 

•

 We currently face competition from travel service providers such as major hotel companies, airlines and rental car companies, many of which have their
own websites to which they drive business. For example, several major hotel companies launched an online hotel reservation service with a stated goal of driving consumers directly to their brand websites thereby reducing the share receive by online
travel agents. They may also attempt to improve their competitive position by offering lower room rates, better room availability or additional features or amenities through this reservation service than are available through services like ours.

•

 We currently face competition from online travel agents, such as Expedia and Priceline (and their subsidiaries), and this competition may increase to
the extent that these online travel agents accumulate and develop a comprehensive offering of travel-related reviews and resources. The barriers to entry for these companies may be limited given their access to travel-related information and
relationships with consumers. 

•

 We face increased competition from the large search engines and social networking sites, companies, such as Google and Facebook, or other companies,
which competition will only increase should they chose to compete more directly with us in the travel review space, and create commercially valuable online content at significant scale. For example, Google + Local, with its aggregated reviews and
local recommendations, competes with us and Google’s access to more comprehensive data regarding user search queries through its search algorithms gives it a significant competitive advantage over other companies in the industry, including us.
In addition, if significant numbers of users adopt Facebook’s newly released Graph Search to get travel recommendations, it could have the effect of reducing traffic and user engagement on TripAdvisor. 

•

 We also face competition from travel agencies, wholesalers and travel operators as well as operators of travel industry reservation databases such as
Galileo, Travelport, Amadeus and Sabre. 

19 

Table of Contents

•

 In addition, we compete with newspapers, magazines and other traditional media companies that provide offline and online advertising opportunities.

•

 For our vacation rental business, we also face competition from several companies, including HomeAway and Airbnb, some of whom have a larger inventory
of rooms available than we do. 

Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial, technical,
marketing and other resources compared to us and have expertise in developing online commerce and facilitating Internet traffic as well as large client bases. We expect to face additional competition as other established and emerging companies enter
the travel advertising market. 

Certain of the companies we do business with, including some of our click-based advertising
partners, are also our competitors. The consolidation of our competitors and partners, including Expedia (through its investment in Trivago) and Priceline (through its acquisition of Kayak), may affect our relative competitiveness and our partner
relationships. Competition and consolidation could result in higher traffic acquisition costs, reduced margins on our advertising services, loss of market share, reduced customer traffic to our websites and reduced advertising by travel companies on
our websites. For example, Google (through its launch of Google Hotel Finder, evolution and expansion of Google + Local and preferred top placement of Places results in Google organic travel search results) and Microsoft’s Bing (through its
launch of Bing Travel), have each taken steps to appeal more directly to travel customers, which could lead to diversion of customer traffic to their own websites or those of a favored partner, or undermine our ability to obtain prominent placement
in paid or unpaid search results at a reasonable cost, or at all. Competition in our industry may result in pricing pressure, loss of market share or decreased member engagement, any of which could adversely affect our business and financial
performance. 

As a distributor and host of Internet content, we face potential liability and expense for legal claims based on the
nature and content of the materials that we distribute or create, or that are accessible via our websites. 

As a
distributor and host of original content and user-generated content, we face potential liability based on a variety of theories, including defamation, libel, negligence, copyright or trademark infringement or other legal theories based on the
nature, creation or distribution of this information, and under various laws, including the Lanham Act, the Copyright Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, and the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. We may also be exposed to similar liability in
connection with content that users post to our websites through forums, blogs, comments, and other social media features. In addition, it is possible that visitors to our websites could make claims against us for losses incurred in reliance upon
information provided via our websites. These claims, whether brought in the United States or abroad, could divert management time and attention away from our business and result in significant costs to investigate and defend, regardless of the merit
of these claims. If we become subject to these or similar claims and are not successful in our defense, we may be forced to pay substantial damages. There is no guarantee that we will avoid future liability and potential expenses for legal claims
based on the content available on our websites. Should the content distributed through our websites violate the rights of others or otherwise give rise to claims against us, we could be subject to substantial liability, which could have a negative
impact on our business and financial performance. 

Loss of trust in our brand would harm our reputation and adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our success depends on attracting a large number of users to our websites, and retaining such users, and providing leads and clicks to advertisers. In order to attract and retain users, we
must remain a valuable source of travel advice. Because of our reliance on user-generated content, we must continually manage and monitor our content and detect incorrect or fraudulent information. For example, hotels, hotel competitors, or others,
in an attempt to improperly influence a hotel’s reviews and rankings, sometimes write and submit fraudulent or otherwise misleading reviews. If a significant amount of inaccurate or fraudulent information were not detected and removed by us in
a timely manner, or if a significant amount of information 

20 

Table of Contents

was deemed by users or the media to be inaccurate or fraudulent, our brand, business and reputation could be harmed. Any damage to our reputation could harm our ability to attract and retain
users, employees and advertisers, which would adversely affect our business and financial performance. In addition, significant adverse news reports or media, industry or consumer coverage of us would reflect poorly on our brands and could have an
adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 

We are dependent upon the quality of traffic in our network to provide value
to online advertisers, and any failure in our quality control could have a material adverse effect on the value of our websites to our advertisers and adversely affect our revenue. 

We use technology and processes to monitor the quality of and to identify any anomalous metrics associated with, the Internet traffic that
we deliver to online advertisers. These metrics may be indicative of low quality clicks such as non-human processes, including robots, spiders or other software; the mechanical automation of clicking; and other types of invalid clicks or click
fraud. Even with such monitoring in place, there is a risk that a certain amount of low-quality traffic, or traffic that online advertisers deem to be invalid, will be delivered to such online advertisers. As a result, we may be required to credit
amounts owed to us by our advertisers. Furthermore, low-quality or invalid traffic may be detrimental to our relationships with advertisers, and could adversely affect our advertising pricing and revenue. 

We rely on assumptions and estimates and data from third parties to calculate certain of our key metrics, and real or perceived inaccuracies in
such metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. 

Certain key metrics, such as the number of
our active users, unique visitors, total traffic and number of reviews and opinions, are calculated, in some cases, using internal company data and, in other cases, relying on data from third parties. While these numbers are based on what we believe
to be reasonable calculations for the applicable periods of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring usage and user engagement across our large user base around the world. For example, a single person or user may have multiple
accounts or browse the internet on multiple browsers, some mobile applications automatically contact our servers for regular updates with no user action and we are not able to capture user information on all of our platforms. As such, the
calculations of our active users and unique visitors may not accurately reflect the number of people actually using our platforms. In addition, our measures of user growth and user engagement may differ from estimates published by third parties or
from similar metrics of our competitors due to differences in methodologies utilized by us and the third parties for which we rely on this data. 

We are continually seeking to improve our ability to estimate these key metrics. We regularly review and adjust our processes for calculating our internal metrics to improve their accuracy. If our users,
advertisers, partners and shareholders do not perceive our metrics to be accurate representations or if we discover material inaccuracies in our user metrics, our reputation may be harmed. In which case, users may not use our products and services
and advertisers and partners may be less willing to allocate their budgets to our products and services which could negatively affect our business and operating results. 

We rely on information technology to operate our business and maintain competitiveness, and any failure to adapt to technological developments or industry trends could harm our businesses.

We depend on the use of sophisticated information technologies and systems. As our operations grow in size and scope,
we must continuously improve and upgrade our systems and infrastructure while maintaining or improving the reliability and integrity of our systems and infrastructure. Our future success also depends on our ability to adapt our services and
infrastructure to meet rapidly evolving consumer trends and demands while continuing to improve the performance, features and reliability of our services in response to competitive service and product offerings. The emergence of alternative
platforms such as smartphone and tablet computing devices and the emergence of niche competitors who may be able to optimize products, services or strategies for such platforms will require new investment in technology. New developments in other
areas, such as cloud computing, 

21 

Table of Contents

could also make it easier for competition to enter our markets due to lower up-front technology costs. In addition, we may not be able to maintain our existing systems or replace or introduce new
technologies and systems as quickly as we would like or in a cost-effective manner. 

If we do not continue to innovate and provide tools
and services that are useful to travelers, we may not remain competitive, and our business and financial performance could suffer. 

Our success depends in part on continued innovation to provide features and services that make our websites and smartphone and tablet computing applications useful for travelers. Our competitors are
continually developing innovations in online travel-related services and features. As a result, we are continually working to improve our business model and user experience in order to drive user traffic and conversion dates. We can give no
assurances that the changes we make will yield the benefits we expect and will not have adverse impacts that we did not anticipate. If we are unable to continue offering innovative products and services and quality features that travelers want to
use, existing users may become dissatisfied and use a competitor’s offerings and we may be unable to attract additional users, which could adversely affect our business and financial performance. 

New technologies could block our ads, which would harm our business. 

Technologies have been developed that can block the display of online ads and that provide tools to users to opt out of some web-based
advertising products. We derive most of our revenues from fees paid to us by advertisers in connection with the display of ads on web pages for our users. As a result, these technologies and tools could adversely affect our business and financial
performance. 

Our culture emphasizes rapid innovation and prioritizes user engagement over short-term financial results.

We have a culture that encourages rapid development and release of new and improved products, which may at times
result in unintended consequences or decisions that are poorly received by users or advertisers. Our culture also prioritizes user engagement, or website “stickiness,” over short-term financial results. We have taken actions in the past
and may continue to make product decisions going forward that have the effect of reducing our short-term revenue or profitability if we believe that the decisions benefit the aggregate user experience and/or conversion rates and CPC pricing, and
will thereby improve our financial performance over the long-term. The short-term reductions in revenue or profitability could be more severe than we anticipate. These decisions may not produce the long-term benefits that we expect, in which case
our user growth and engagement, our relationships with users and advertisers, and our business and results of operations could be harmed. 

The online vacation rental market is rapidly evolving and if we fail to predict the manner in which the market develops, our business and prospects
may suffer. 

We offer vacation rental services through our U.S.-based FlipKey and European-based Holiday Lettings and
Niumba businesses, as well through various partnerships. The online vacation rental market is relatively new and rapidly evolving in many respects, including acceptance of the business model by travelers, property owners and property managers; from
a business and marketing perspective as well as the regulatory environment. We operate in various disparate jurisdictions and markets and have limited insight into trends that may develop in those markets and may affect our business. Since we began
offering such services, there have been and continue to be significant business, marketing and regulatory developments. Operating in new and untested jurisdictions requires significant management attention and financial resources. We cannot assure
that our expansion efforts will be successful, and the investment and additional resources required to establish operations and manage growth may not produce the desired levels of revenue or profitability. 

If we fail to attract and maintain a critical mass of vacation rental listings and travelers, our vacation rental marketplaces will become less
valuable and this may have a negative impact on our business. 

In our vacation rental business, revenue is generated
when either owners or managers of vacation rental properties pay us fees to list and market vacation rental properties to users who visit the websites comprising our 

22 

Table of Contents

marketplace or owners and/or travelers pay us fees upon booking a transaction. As a result, our success in this area primarily depends on our ability to attract owners, managers, travelers and
advertisers to our marketplace. If property owners and managers do not perceive the benefits of marketing their properties through our websites, or elect to list them with a competitor instead of listing with us, our volume of new listings and
listing renewals may suffer. As a result, we may be unable to offer a sufficient supply and variety of vacation properties to attract travelers to our websites. A larger competitor already exists in the vacation rental space, with significantly more
users and listed properties, and new competitors with significant financial resources are continually emerging. 

We may be subject to
claims that we violated intellectual property rights of others, which claims can be extremely costly to defend and could require us to pay significant damages and limit our ability to operate. 

Companies in the Internet and technology industries, and other patent and trademark holders seeking to profit from royalties in connection
with grants of licenses, own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We have received in the
past, and may in the future receive, notices that claim we have misappropriated or misused other parties’ intellectual property rights. There may be intellectual property rights held by others, including patents, copyrighted works and/or
trademarks, which cover significant aspects of our technologies or content. Any intellectual property claim against us, regardless of merit, could be time consuming and expensive to settle or litigate and could divert management’s attention and
other resources. These claims also could subject us to significant liability for damages and could result in our having to stop using technology or content found to be in violation of another party’s rights. We might be required or may opt to
seek a license for rights to intellectual property held by others, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Even if a license is available, we could be required to pay significant royalties, which would increase our
operating expenses. We may also be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, or content, which could require significant effort and expense and make us less competitive in the relevant market. Any of these results could harm our
business and financial performance. 

We may have future capital needs and may not be able to obtain additional financing on acceptable
terms. 

We are party to a term loan in the amount of $400 million, as well as a revolving credit facility of
$200 million. These arrangements may limit our ability to secure significant additional financing in the future on favorable terms or our operating cash flow may be insufficient to satisfy our financial obligations under indebtedness
outstanding from time to time. Our ability to secure additional financing and satisfy our financial obligations under indebtedness outstanding from time to time will depend upon our future operating performance, which is subject to then prevailing
general economic and credit market conditions, including interest rate levels and the availability of credit generally, and financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. In light of periodic uncertainty in the capital
and credit markets, there can be no assurance that sufficient financing will be available on desirable or even any terms to fund investments, acquisitions, stock repurchases, dividends, debt refinancing or extraordinary actions or that
counterparties in any such financings would honor their contractual commitments. If financing is not available when needed or is not available on favorable terms, we may be unable to issue or develop new or enhanced existing services, complete
acquisitions, repurchase equity or otherwise take advantage of business opportunities, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we raise additional funds through the
issuance of equity securities, our stockholders may experience significant dilution. 

Furthermore, we are also accumulating a
greater portion of our cash flows in foreign jurisdictions than previously. The repatriation of such funds for use in the United States, including for corporate purposes such as acquisitions, stock repurchases, dividends or debt refinancings, may
result in additional U.S. income tax expense and higher cost for such capital. 

23 

Table of Contents

We have significant indebtedness, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition.

The face value of our term loan totals $400 million. Risks relating to our indebtedness include: 

•

 Increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

•

 Requiring us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to principal and interest payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the
availability of cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and investments and other general corporate purposes; 

•

 Making it more difficult for us to optimally capitalize and manage the cash flow for our businesses; 

•

 Limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the markets in which we operate; 

•

 Possibly placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; 

•

 Limiting our ability to borrow additional funds or to borrow funds at rates or on other terms that we finds acceptable; and

•

 Exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates because our outstanding debt is expected to be subject to variable rates of interest.

In addition, it is possible that we may need to incur additional indebtedness in the future in the ordinary
course of business. The terms of our term loan and revolving credit facility will allow us to incur additional debt subject to certain limitations. If new debt is added to current debt levels, the risks described above could intensify. 

The agreements that govern our credit facility contain various covenants that limit our discretion in the operation of our business and also
require us to meet financial maintenance tests and other covenants. The failure to comply with such tests and covenants could have a material adverse effect on us. 

We are party to a credit agreement providing for a revolving credit facility with a borrowing capacity of $200 million and a term of five years, as well as a five-year, $400 million term loan to
TripAdvisor Holdings, LLC. The agreements that govern the term loan and revolving credit facility contain various covenants, including those that limit our ability to, among other things: 

•

 Incur indebtedness; 

•

 Pay dividends on, redeem or repurchase our capital stock; 

•

 Enter into certain asset sale transactions, including partial or full spin-off transactions; 

•

 Enter into secured financing arrangements; 

•

 Enter into sale and leaseback transactions; and 

•

 Enter into unrelated businesses. 

These covenants may limit our ability to optimally operate our business. In addition, our term loan and revolving credit facility require that we meet certain financial tests, including an interest
coverage test and a leverage ratio test. Any failure to comply with the restrictions of our term loan credit facility may result in an event of default under the agreements governing such facilities. Such default may allow the creditors to
accelerate the debt incurred under thereunder. In addition, lenders may be able to terminate any commitments they had made to supply us with further funds (including periodic rollovers of existing borrowings). 

If the Spin-Off, together with certain related transactions, were to fail to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax free for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, we could be subject to significant tax liabilities. 

As a condition to the completion of the
Spin-Off, Expedia obtained a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS, along with an opinion of counsel, satisfactory to the Expedia Board of Directors 

24 

Table of Contents

regarding the qualification of the Spin-Off, together with certain related transactions, as a transaction that is generally tax free for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Sections 355 and
368(a) (1) (D) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code. The IRS private letter ruling and the opinion of counsel were based on, among other things, certain facts, assumptions as well as the accuracy of certain
representations, statements and undertakings that Expedia and we made to the IRS and to counsel. If any of these representations, statements or undertakings are, or become, inaccurate or incomplete, or if we or Expedia breach any of the covenants,
the IRS private letter ruling and the opinions of counsel may be invalid. 

Moreover, the IRS private letter ruling does not
address all the issues that are relevant to determining whether the Spin-Off qualifies as a transaction that is generally tax free for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Notwithstanding the IRS private letter ruling and/or the opinion of counsel, the
IRS could determine that the Spin-Off should be treated as a taxable transaction if it determines that any of the representations, assumptions or undertakings that were included in the request for the IRS private letter ruling or on which the
opinion of counsel was based is false or has been violated or if it disagrees with the conclusions in the opinion of counsel that are not covered by any IRS ruling. 

Under the Tax Sharing Agreement between us and Expedia, we are generally required to indemnify Expedia for any taxes resulting from the Spin-Off (and any related interest, penalties, legal and
professional fees, and all costs and damages associated with related stockholder litigation or controversies) to the extent such amounts resulted from (i) any act or failure to act by us described in the covenants in the tax sharing agreement,
(ii) any acquisition of our equity securities or assets or those of a member of our group, or (iii) any failure of the representations with respect to us or any member of our group to be true or any breach by us or any member of our group
of any covenant, in each case, which is contained in the separation documents or in the documents relating to the IRS private letter ruling and/or the opinion of counsel. 

If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our brand, results of operations and business could be harmed. 

We have experienced rapid growth in our headcount and operations, which places substantial demands on management and our operational infrastructure. We have also consummated a number of acquisitions which
have increased our headcount, operations and locations. We intend to make substantial investments in our technology, sales and marketing and community management organizations. We also intend to continue to explore acquisitions. As we continue to
grow, we must effectively integrate, develop and motivate a large number of new employees, including employees in international markets, while maintaining the beneficial aspects of our company culture. If we do not manage the growth of our business
and operations effectively, the quality of our platform and efficiency of our operations could suffer, which could harm our brand, results of operations and business. 

Our international operations involve additional risks and our exposure to these risks will increase as our business expands globally. 

We operate in a number of jurisdictions outside of the United States and intend to continue to expand our international operations. To
achieve widespread acceptance in new countries and markets, we must continue to tailor our services and business model to the unique circumstances of such countries and markets, which can be difficult, costly and divert management and personnel
resources. Failure to adapt practices and models effectively to each country into which we expand could slow our international growth. 

We have businesses operating in China, which create particular risks and uncertainties relating to the laws in China. We operate in China under the brands daodao.com and kuxun.cn. The success of these
businesses, and of any future investments in China, is subject to risks and uncertainties regarding the application, development and interpretation of China’s laws and regulations. 

The laws and regulations of China restrict foreign investment in areas including air-ticketing and travel agency services, Internet
content provision, mobile communication and related businesses. Although we have 

25 

Table of Contents

established effective control of our Chinese businesses through a series of agreements, future developments in the interpretation or enforcement of Chinese laws and regulations or a dispute
relating to these agreements could restrict our ability to operate or restructure these businesses or to engage in strategic transactions. 

Other risks faced by us as a result of our international operations, including our operations in China, include: 

•

 Political instability; 

•

 Threatened or actual acts of terrorism; 

•

 Regulatory requirements, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and U.K. Bribery Act, data privacy requirements, labor laws and anti-competition
regulations; 

•

 Ability to comply with additional U.S. laws applicable to U.S. companies operating internationally as well as local laws and regulations;

•

 Diminished ability to legally enforce contractual rights; 

•

 Increased risk and limits on enforceability of intellectual property rights; 

•

 Possible preferences by local populations for local providers; 

•

 Restrictions on, or adverse consequences related to, the withdrawal of non-U.S. investment and earnings; 

•

 Currency exchange restrictions, particularly conversion of the U.S. dollar into Chinese renminbi; 

•

 Restrictions on repatriation of cash as well as restrictions on investments in operations in certain countries; 

•

 Financial risk arising from transactions in multiple currencies; 

•

 Slower adoption of the Internet as an advertising, broadcast and commerce medium in certain of those markets as compared to the United States;

•

 Difficulties in managing staffing and operations due to distance, time zones, language and cultural differences; and 

•

 Uncertainty regarding liability for services, content and intellectual property rights, including uncertainty as a result of local laws and lack of
precedent. 

The loss of one or more of our key personnel, or our failure to attract and retain other highly qualified
personnel in the future, could harm our business. 

Our future success depends upon the continued contributions of our
senior corporate management and other key employees. In particular, the contributions of Stephen Kaufer, our President and Chief Executive Officer, are critical to our overall management. We cannot ensure that we will be able to retain the services
of these individuals, and the loss of one or more of our key personnel could seriously harm our business. We do not maintain any key person life insurance policies. 

In addition, competition remains intense for well-qualified employees in certain aspects of our business, including software engineers, developers, product management and development personnel, and other
technology professionals. Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate existing employees. If we do not succeed in attracting well-qualified employees or retaining or
motivating existing employees, our business would be adversely affected. 

26 

Table of Contents

Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties may adversely affect our business or
financial performance. 

Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by unfavorable changes in or
interpretations of existing laws, rules and regulations or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations applicable to us and our business, including those relating to the Internet and online commerce, Internet advertising, consumer protection
and privacy. Unfavorable changes could decrease demand for products and services, limit marketing methods and capabilities, increase costs and/or subject us to additional liabilities. 

For example, there is, and will likely continue to be, an increasing number of laws and regulations pertaining to the Internet and online
commerce that may relate to liability for information retrieved from or transmitted over the Internet, online editorial and user-generated content, user privacy, behavioral targeting and online advertising, taxation, liability for third-party
activities and the quality of products and services. Our current business partner arrangements with third parties, including Facebook, could be negatively impacted to the extent that more restrictive privacy laws or regulations are enacted,
particularly in the United States or European Union. In addition, enforcement authorities in the United States continue to rely on their authority under existing consumer protection laws to take action against companies relating to data privacy and
security practices. The growth and development of online commerce may prompt calls for more stringent consumer protection laws and more aggressive enforcement efforts, which may impose additional burdens on online businesses generally. 

Liberty Interactive Corporation currently is a controlling shareholder. 

Liberty Interactive Corporation, or Liberty, effectively controls the outcome of all matters submitted to a vote or for the consent of our
stockholders (other than with respect to the election by the holders of our common stock of 25% of the members of our Board of Directors and matters as to which Delaware law requires separate class votes). Liberty’s control of us, as well as
the existing provisions of our organizational documents and Delaware law, may discourage or prevent a change of control of us, which may reduce the market price of our common stock. 

Our effective tax rate is impacted by a number of factors that could have a material impact on our financial results and could increase the volatility of those results. 

Due to the global nature of our business, we are subject to income taxes in the United States and other foreign jurisdictions. In the
event we incur net income in certain jurisdictions but incur losses in other jurisdictions, we generally cannot offset the income from one jurisdiction with the loss from another, which could increase our effective tax rate. Furthermore, significant
judgment is required to calculate our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. By virtue of our previously filed
separate company and consolidated income tax returns with Expedia we are routinely under audit by federal, state and foreign taxing authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of audits could be
materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of an audit could have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination
is made. 

Additionally, we earn an increasing portion of our income, and accumulate a greater portion of cash flow, in foreign
jurisdictions. Any repatriation of funds currently held in foreign jurisdictions may result in higher effective tax rates and incremental cash tax payments. In addition, there have been proposals to amend U.S. tax laws that would significantly
impact the manner in which U.S. companies are taxed on foreign earnings. Although we cannot predict whether or in what form any legislation will pass, if enacted, it could have a material adverse impact on our U.S. tax expense and cash flows.

27 

Table of Contents

We cannot be sure that our intellectual property is protected from copying or use by others, including
potential competitors. 

Our websites rely on content, brands and technology, much of which is proprietary. We protect
our proprietary content, brands and technology by relying on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, patents and confidentiality agreements. In connection with our license agreements with third parties, we seek to control access to,
and the use and distribution of, proprietary technology, content and brands. Even with these precautions, it may be possible for another party to copy or otherwise obtain and use our proprietary technology, content or brands without authorization or
to develop similar technology, content or brands independently. Effective trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret protection may not be available in every jurisdiction in which our services are made available, and policing unauthorized use of
our proprietary technology, content and brands is difficult and expensive. Therefore, in certain jurisdictions, we may be unable to protect our proprietary technology, content and brands adequately against unauthorized third-party copying or use,
which could adversely affect our business or ability to compete. We cannot be sure that the steps we have taken will prevent misappropriation or infringement of proprietary technology, content or brands. Any misappropriation or violation of our
rights could have a material adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, we may need to go to court or other tribunals to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of the
proprietary rights of others. These proceedings might result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. Our failure to protect our intellectual property in a cost-effective or effective manner could have a material
adverse effect on our business and ability to protect our technology, content and brands. 

We currently license from third
parties and incorporate the technologies and content into our websites. As we continue to introduce new services that incorporate new technologies and content, we may be required to license additional technology, or content. We cannot be sure that
such technology or content will be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 

We are subject to foreign exchange risk.

We conduct a significant and growing portion of our business outside the United States. As a result, we face exposure
to movements in currency exchange rates, particularly those related to the Euro, British pound sterling, Singapore dollar and Chinese renminbi. These exposures include, but are not limited to re-measurement gains and losses from changes in the value
of foreign denominated assets and liabilities; translation gains and losses on foreign subsidiary financial results that are translated into U.S. dollars upon consolidation; and planning risk related to changes in exchange rates between the
time we prepare our annual and quarterly forecasts and when actual results occur. 

Depending on the size of the exposures and
the relative movements of exchange rates, if we were to choose not to hedge or were to fail to hedge effectively our exposure, we could experience a material adverse effect on our financial statements and financial condition. As seen in some recent
periods, in the event of severe volatility in exchange rates the impact of these exposures can increase, and the impact on results of operations can be more pronounced. In addition, the current environment and the increasingly global nature of our
business have made hedging these exposures both more complex and costly. We hedge certain short-term foreign currency exposures with the purchase of forward exchange contracts. These hedge contracts only help mitigate the impact of changes in
foreign currency rates that occur during the term of the related contract period and carry risks of counter-party failure. There can be no assurance that our hedges will have their intended effects. 

System interruption and the lack of redundancy in some of our internal information systems may harm our business. 

We rely on computer systems to deliver content and services. We have experienced and may in the future experience system interruptions
that make some or all of these systems unavailable or prevent us from efficiently fulfilling orders or providing content and services to users and third parties. Significant interruptions, outages or

28 

Table of Contents

delays in internal systems, or systems of third parties that we rely upon including multiple co-location providers for data centers and network access, or deterioration in the performance of any
such systems, would impair our ability to process transactions or display content and decrease the quality of the services we offer to travelers and users. These interruptions could include security intrusions and attacks on our systems for fraud or
service interruption (called “denial of service” or “bot” attacks). If we were to experience frequent or persistent system failures, our business, reputations and brand could be harmed. 

In addition, we lack backup systems or contingency plans for certain critical aspects of our operations or business processes. Many other
systems are not fully redundant and their disaster recovery or business continuity planning may not be sufficient. Fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, break-ins, earthquakes, acts of war or terrorism, acts of God, computer viruses,
electronic intrusion attempts from both external and internal sources and similar events or disruptions may damage or impact or interrupt computer or communications systems or business processes at any time. Although we have put measures in place to
protect certain portions of our facilities and assets, any of these events could cause system interruption, delays and loss of critical data, and could prevent us from providing content and services to users, travelers and/or third parties for a
significant period of time. Remediation may be costly and we may not have adequate insurance to cover such costs. Moreover, the costs of enhancing infrastructure to attain improved stability and redundancy may be time consuming and expensive and may
require resources and expertise that are difficult to obtain. 

Our processing, storage and use personal information and other data
exposes us to risks stemming external and internal security breaches and failure to comply with governmental regulation, which could give rise to liabilities. 

There are numerous laws regarding privacy and the storing, sharing, use, processing, disclosure and protection of personal information and other consumer data, the scope of which are changing, subject to
differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent between countries or conflict with other rules. We strive to comply with all applicable laws, policies, legal obligations and industry codes of conduct relating to privacy and data protection. Any
failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies, privacy-related obligations to users or other third parties, or privacy-related legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or
transfer of personally identifiable information or other user data, may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation or public statements that could harm our reputation and cause our customers and members to lose trust in us, which could
have an adverse effect on our business, brand, market share and results of operations. 

The regulatory framework for privacy
issues worldwide is currently in flux and is likely to remain so for the foreseeable future. Practices regarding the collection, use, storage, transmission and security of personal information by companies operating over the Internet have recently
come under increased public scrutiny. The U.S. Congress and federal agencies, including the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Commerce, are reviewing the need for greater regulation for the collection and use of information concerning
consumer behavior on the Internet. U.S. courts are also considering the applicability of existing federal and state statutes, including computer trespass and wiretapping laws, to the collection and exchange of information online. In addition, the
European Union is in the process of proposing reforms to its existing data protection legal framework, which may result in a greater compliance burden for companies, including us, with users in Europe and increased costs of compliance. 

Potential security breaches to our systems, whether resulting from internal or external sources, could significantly harm our business. A
party, whether internal or external, that is able to circumvent our security systems could misappropriate user information or proprietary information or cause significant interruptions in our operations. In the past, we have experienced
“denial-of-service” type attacks on our systems that have made portions of our websites unavailable for short periods of time as well as unauthorized access of our systems and data. We may need to expend significant resources to protect
against security breaches or to address problems 

29 

Table of Contents

caused by breaches, and reductions in website availability could cause a loss of substantial business volume during the occurrence of any such incident. Because the techniques used to sabotage
security change frequently, often are not recognized until launched against a target and may originate from less regulated and remote areas around the world, we may be unable to proactively address these techniques or to implement adequate
preventive measures. Security breaches could result in negative publicity, damage to reputation, exposure to risk of loss or litigation and possible liability due to regulatory penalties and sanctions. Security breaches could also cause travelers
and potential users to lose confidence in our security, which would have a negative effect on the value of our brand. Failure to adequately protect against attacks or intrusions, whether for our own systems or systems of vendors, could expose us to
security breaches that could have an adverse impact on financial performance. 

We also face risks associated with security
breaches affecting third parties conducting business over the Internet. Much of our business is conducted with third party marketing affiliates, which may generate travel reservations through our infrastructure or through our systems. In addition,
we frequently use third parties to process credit card payments. A security breach at such third party could be perceived by consumers as a security breach of our systems and could result in negative publicity, damage our reputation, expose us to
risk of loss or litigation and possible liability and subject us to regulatory penalties and sanctions. In addition, such third parties may not comply with applicable disclosure requirements, which could expose us to liability. 

If the businesses we have acquired or invested in do not perform as expected or we are unable to effective integrate acquired businesses, our
operating results and prospects could be harmed. 

We have acquired a number of businesses in the past, and our future
growth may depend, in part, on future acquisitions, any of which could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. Certain financial and operational risks related to acquisitions that may have a material impact on our business
are: 

•

 Use of cash resources and incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities in funding acquisitions may limit other potential uses of our cash, including
stock repurchases, dividend payments and retirement of outstanding indebtedness; 

•

 Use of cash resources and incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities in funding acquisitions may limit other potential uses of our cash, including
stock repurchases, dividend payments and retirement of outstanding indebtedness; 

•

 Amortization expenses related to acquired intangible assets and other adverse accounting consequences; 

•

 Expected and unexpected costs incurred in identifying and pursuing acquisitions, and performing due diligence on potential acquisition targets that may
or may not be successful; 

•

 Diversion of management’s attention or other resources from our existing business; 

•

 Difficulties and expenses in integrating the operations, products, technology, privacy protection systems, information systems or personnel of the
acquired company; 

•

 Impairment of relationships with employees, suppliers and affiliates of our business and the acquired business; 

•

 The assumption of known and unknown debt and liabilities of the acquired company; 

•

 Failure of the acquired company to achieve anticipated traffic, revenues, earnings or cash flows or to retain key management or employees;

•

 Failure to generate adequate returns on acquisitions and investments; 

•

 Entrance into markets in which we have no direct prior experience and increased complexity in our business; 

•

 Impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets such as trademarks or other intellectual property arising from acquisitions; and

•

 Adverse market reaction to acquisitions. 

30 

Table of Contents

Moreover, we rely heavily on the representations and warranties provided to us by the
sellers of acquired companies, including as they relate to creation, ownership and rights in intellectual property and compliance with laws and contractual requirements. Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection
with past or future acquisitions and investments could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or investments, incur unanticipated liabilities and harm our business generally. 

We are currently relying on the “controlled company” exemption under NASDAQ Stock Market Listing Rules, pursuant to which
“controlled companies” are exempt from certain corporate governance requirements otherwise applicable under NASDAQ listing rules. 

The NASDAQ Stock Market Listing Rules exempt “controlled companies,” or companies of which more than 50% of the voting power is held by an individual, a group or another company, from certain
corporate governance requirements, including those requirements that: 

•

 A majority of the Board of Directors consist of independent directors; 

•

 Compensation of officers be determined or recommended to the Board of Directors by a majority of its independent directors or by a compensation
committee comprised solely of independent directors; and 

•

 Director nominees be selected or recommended to the Board of Directors by a majority of its independent directors or by a nominating committee that is
composed entirely of independent directors. 

We currently rely on the controlled company exemption from the
above requirements. Accordingly, our stockholders will not be afforded the same protections generally as stockholders of other NASDAQ-listed companies with respect to corporate governance for so long as we rely on these exemptions from the corporate
governance requirements. 

If we are unable to successfully maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, investors may
lose confidence in our reported financial information and our stock price and business may be adversely impacted. 

As a
public company, we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and our management is required to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of each fiscal year. Additionally, we
are required to disclose in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K our management’s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and a registered public accounting firm’s attestation report on this assessment.
If we are not successful in maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, there could be inaccuracies or omissions in the consolidated financial information we are required to file with the SEC. Additionally, even if there are no
inaccuracies or omissions, we could be required to publicly disclose the conclusion of our management that our internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures are not effective. These events could cause investors to
lose confidence in our reported financial information, adversely impact our stock price, result in increased costs to remediate any deficiencies, attract regulatory scrutiny or lawsuits that could be costly to resolve and distract management’s
attention, limit our ability to access the capital markets or cause our stock to be delisted from The NASDAQ Global Select Market or any other securities exchange on which we are then listed. 

The market price and trading volume of our common stock may be volatile and may face negative pressure. 

Our stock price has experienced, and could continue to experience in the future, substantial volatility. The market price of our common stock is affected by a number of factors, including the risk factors
described in this section and other factors beyond our control. Factors affecting the trading price of our common stock could include: 

•

 Quarterly variations in our or our competitors’ results of operations; 

•

 Changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts; 

•

 Failure to meet market expectations; 

31 

Table of Contents

•

 The announcement of new products or product enhancements by us or our competitors; 

•

 Repurchases of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program which could also cause our stock price to be higher than it would be in the
absence of such a program and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our stock; 

•

 Developments in our industry, including changes in governmental regulations; and 

•

 General market conditions and other factors, including factors related to our operating performance or the operating performance of our competitors.

Furthermore, the stock markets have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected and
continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations and general
economic, political and market conditions, such as recessions, interest rate changes or international currency fluctuations, may negatively impact the market price of our common stock regardless of our actual operating performance. 

Future sales of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales may occur, may depress our stock price.

For the period ended December 31, 2013, the average daily trading volume of our common stock on The NASDAQ Global
Select Market was approximately 1.9 million shares. If our existing stockholders or their distributees sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, the market price of the common stock could decrease significantly. The
perception in the public market that our existing stockholders might sell shares of common stock could also depress the trading price of our common stock. In addition, certain stockholders have rights, subject to some conditions, to require us to
file registration statements covering their shares or to include their shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders. If Liberty or some other stockholder sells substantial amounts of our common stock in the
public market, or if there is a perception in the public market that Liberty might sell shares of our common stock, the market price of our common stock could decrease significantly. A decline in the price of shares of our common stock might impede
our ability to raise capital through the issuance of additional shares of our common stock or other equity securities. 

Anti-takeover
provisions in our organizational documents and Delaware law may discourage or prevent a change of control, even if an acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders, which could affect our stock price adversely and prevent attempts by our
stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain
provisions that could delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our Board of Directors that our stockholders might consider favorable. Some of these provisions: 

•

 Authorize the issuance of preferred stock which can be created and issued by the Board of Directors without prior stockholder approval, with rights
senior to those of our common stock; and 

•

 Prohibit our stockholders from filling board vacancies or calling special stockholder meetings. 

We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which may prohibit certain business
combinations with stockholders owning 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock. These and other provisions in our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware law could make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirers to obtain
control of our Board of Directors or initiate actions that are opposed by our then-current Board of Directors, including a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving our company. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or
changes in our Board of Directors could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

32 

Table of Contents