—Catastrophe losses could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, our financial
position and/or liquidity, and could adversely impact our ratings, our ability to raise capital and the availability and cost of reinsurance." 

22

Table of Contents

CLAIMS AND CLAIM ADJUSTMENT EXPENSE RESERVES 

        Claims and claim adjustment expense reserves represent management's estimate of ultimate unpaid costs of losses and loss adjustment expenses for
claims that have been reported and claims that have been incurred but not yet reported. 

        The
Company continually refines its reserve estimates as part of a regular ongoing process that includes review of key assumptions, underlying variables and historical loss experience.
The Company reflects adjustments to reserves in the results of operations in the periods in which the estimates are changed. In establishing reserves, the Company takes into account estimated
recoveries for reinsurance, salvage and subrogation. The reserves are also reviewed regularly by qualified actuaries employed by the Company. For additional information on the process of estimating
reserves and a discussion of underlying variables and risk factors, see "Item 7—Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Critical Accounting Estimates." 

        The
process of estimating loss reserves involves a high degree of judgment and is subject to a number of variables. These variables (discussed by product line in the "Critical Accounting
Estimates" section of "Item 7—Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations") are affected by both internal and external events, such as
changes in claims handling procedures, inflation, judicial trends and legislative changes, among others. The impact of many of
these items on ultimate costs for claims and claim adjustment expenses is difficult to estimate. Reserve estimation difficulties also differ significantly by product line due to differences in the
underlying insurance contract (e.g., claims-made versus occurrence), claim complexity, the volume of claims, the potential severity of individual claims, the determination of the occurrence
date for a claim, and reporting lags (the time between the occurrence of the insured event and when it is actually reported to the insurer). Informed judgment is applied throughout the process. 

        The
Company derives estimates for unreported claims and development with respect to reported claims principally from actuarial analyses of historical patterns of loss development by
accident year for each type of exposure and business unit. Similarly, the Company derives estimates of unpaid loss adjustment expenses principally from actuarial analyses of historical development
patterns of the relationship of loss adjustment expenses to losses for each line of business and type of exposure. For a description of the Company's reserving methods for asbestos and environmental
claims, see "Item 7—Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Asbestos Claims and Litigation," and
"—Environmental Claims and Litigation." 

        Certain
of the Company's claims and claim adjustment expense reserves are discounted to present value. See note 7 of notes to the consolidated financial statements for further
discussion. 

Reserves on Statutory Accounting Basis 

        At December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, claims and claim adjustment expense reserves (net of reinsurance) prepared in accordance with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP reserves) were $44 million higher, $41 million higher and $29 million higher, respectively, than those reported in the Company's
respective annual reports filed with insurance regulators, which are prepared in accordance with statutory accounting practices (statutory reserves). 

        The
differences between GAAP and statutory reserves are primarily due to the differences in GAAP and statutory accounting for two items: (1) fees associated with billing of
required reimbursements under large deductible business, and (2) the accounting for retroactive reinsurance. For large deductible business, the Company pays the deductible portion of a casualty
insurance claim and then seeks reimbursement from the insured, plus a fee. This fee is reported as fee income for GAAP reporting, but as an offset to claim expenses paid for statutory reporting.
Retroactive reinsurance balances result from reinsurance placed to cover losses on insured events occurring prior to the 

23

Table of Contents

inception
of a reinsurance contract. For GAAP reporting, retroactive reinsurance balances are included in reinsurance recoverables and result in lower net reserve amounts. Statutory accounting
practices require retroactive reinsurance balances to be recorded in other liabilities as contra-liabilities rather than in loss reserves. 

Asbestos and Environmental Claims 

        Asbestos and environmental claims are segregated from other claims and are handled separately by the Company's Special Liability Group, a
separate unit staffed by dedicated legal, claim, finance and engineering professionals. For additional information on asbestos and environmental claims, see "Item 7—Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Asbestos Claims and Litigation" and "—Environmental Claims and Litigation." 

INTERCOMPANY REINSURANCE POOLING ARRANGEMENTS 

        Most of the Company's domestic insurance subsidiaries are members of an intercompany property and casualty reinsurance pooling arrangement.
Pooling arrangements permit the participating companies to rely on the capacity of the entire pool's statutory capital and surplus rather than just on its own statutory capital and surplus. Under such
arrangements, the members share substantially all insurance business that is written and allocate the combined premiums, losses and expenses. 

RATINGS 

        Ratings are an important factor in assessing the Company's competitive position in the insurance industry. The Company receives ratings from the
following major rating agencies: A.M. Best Company (A.M. Best), Fitch Ratings (Fitch), Moody's Investors Service (Moody's) and Standard & Poor's Corp. (S&P). Rating agencies typically
issue two types of ratings for insurance companies:
claims-paying (or financial strength) ratings, which reflect the rating agency's assessment of an insurer's ability to meet its financial obligations to policyholders, and debt ratings, which reflect
the rating agency's assessment of a company's prospects for repaying its debts and are considered by lenders in connection with the setting of interest rates and terms for a company's short- and
long-term borrowings. Agency ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any security, and they may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the rating agency. Each agency's rating should be
evaluated independently of any other agency's rating. The system and the number of rating categories can vary widely from rating agency to rating agency. Customers usually focus on claims-paying
ratings, while creditors focus on debt ratings. Investors use both to evaluate a company's overall financial strength. The ratings issued on the Company or its subsidiaries by any of these agencies
are announced publicly and are available on the Company's website and from the agencies. 

        A
downgrade in one or more of the Company's claims-paying ratings could negatively impact the Company's business volumes and competitive position because demand for certain of its
products may be reduced, particularly because some customers require that the Company maintain minimum ratings to enter into, maintain or renew business with it. 

        Additionally,
a downgrade in one or more of the Company's debt ratings could adversely impact the Company's ability to access the capital markets and other sources of funds, including in
the syndicated bank loan market, and/or result in higher financing costs. For example, downgrades in the Company's debt ratings could result in higher interest expense under the Company's revolving
credit agreement (under which the cost of borrowing could range from LIBOR plus 87.5 basis points to LIBOR plus 150 basis points, depending on the Company's debt ratings), the Company's commercial
paper program, or in the event that the Company were to access the capital markets by issuing debt or similar types of securities. See "Item 7—Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources" for a discussion of the Company's 

24

Table of Contents

revolving
credit agreement and commercial paper program. The Company considers the level of increased cash funding requirements in the event of a ratings downgrade as part of the evaluation of the
Company's liquidity requirements. The Company currently believes that a one- to two-notch downgrade in its debt ratings would not result in a material increase in interest expense under its existing
credit agreement and commercial paper programs. In addition, the Company considers the impact of a ratings downgrade as part of the evaluation of its common share repurchases. 

Claims—Paying Ratings 

        The following table summarizes the current claims-paying (or financial strength) ratings of the Travelers Reinsurance Pool, Travelers
C&S Co. of America, Travelers Personal Insurance single state companies, Travelers C&S Co. of Europe, Ltd., Travelers Insurance Company of Canada, The Dominion of Canada General
Insurance Company and Travelers Insurance Company Limited as of February 16, 2017. The table presents the position of each rating in the applicable agency's rating scale. 

A.M. Best 

Moody's 

S&P 

Fitch 

Travelers Reinsurance Pool(a)(b)

A++ (1st of 16

)

Aa2 (3rd of 21

)

AA (3rd of 21

)

AA (3rd of 21

)

Travelers C&S Co. of America

A++ (1st of 16

)

Aa2 (3rd of 21

)

AA (3rd of 21

)

AA (3rd of 21

)

First Floridian Auto and Home Ins. Co. 

A– (4th of 16

)

—

—

AA (3rd of 21

)

The Premier Insurance Company of Massachusetts

A (3rd of 16

)

—

—

—

Travelers C&S Co. of Europe, Ltd. 

A++ (1st of 16

)

Aa2 (3rd of 21

)

AA (3rd of 21

)

—

Travelers Insurance Company of Canada

A++ (1st of 16

)

—

AA– (4th of 21

)

—

The Dominion of Canada General Insurance Company

A (3rd of 16

)

—

—

—

Travelers Insurance Company Limited

A (3rd of 16

)

—

AA (3rd of 21

)

—

(a)

The
Travelers Reinsurance Pool consists of: The Travelers Indemnity Company, The Charter Oak Fire Insurance Company, The Phoenix Insurance Company, The Travelers
Indemnity Company of Connecticut, The Travelers Indemnity Company of America, Travelers Property Casualty Company of America, Travelers Commercial Casualty Company, TravCo Insurance Company, The
Travelers Home and Marine Insurance Company, Travelers Casualty and Surety Company, Northland Insurance Company, Northfield Insurance Company, Northland Casualty Company, American Equity Specialty
Insurance Company, The Standard Fire Insurance Company, The Automobile Insurance Company of Hartford, Connecticut, Travelers Casualty Insurance Company of America, Farmington Casualty Company,
Travelers Commercial Insurance Company, Travelers Casualty Company of Connecticut, Travelers Property Casualty Insurance Company, Travelers Personal Security Insurance Company, Travelers Personal
Insurance Company, Travelers Excess and Surplus Lines Company, St. Paul Fire and Marine Insurance Company, St. Paul Surplus Lines Insurance Company, The Travelers Casualty Company,
St. Paul Protective Insurance Company, Travelers Constitution State Insurance Company, St. Paul Guardian Insurance Company, St. Paul Mercury Insurance Company, Fidelity and
Guaranty Insurance Underwriters, Inc., Discover Property & Casualty Insurance Company, Discover Specialty Insurance Company and United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company.

(b)

The
following affiliated companies are 100% reinsured by one of the pool participants noted in (a) above: Fidelity and Guaranty Insurance Company, Gulf
Underwriters Insurance Company, American Equity Insurance Company, Select Insurance Company, The Travelers Lloyds Insurance Company and Travelers Lloyds of Texas Insurance Company. 

25

Table of Contents

Debt Ratings 

        The following table summarizes the current debt, trust preferred securities and commercial paper ratings of the Company and its subsidiaries as
of February 16, 2017. The table also presents the position of each rating in the applicable agency's rating scale. 

A.M. Best 

Moody's 

S&P 

Fitch 

Senior debt

a+ (5th of 22

)

A2 (6th of 21

)

A (6th of 22

)

A (6th of 22

)

Subordinated debt

a– (7th of 22

)

A3 (7th of 21

)

A– (7th of 22

)

BBB+ (8th of 22

)

Junior subordinated debt

bbb+ (8th of 22

)

A3 (7th of 21

)

BBB+ (8th of 22

)

BBB+ (8th of 22

)

Trust preferred securities

bbb+ (8th of 22

)

A3 (7th of 21

)

BBB+ (8th of 22

)

BBB+ (8th of 22

)

Commercial paper

AMB-1+(1st of 6

)

P-1 (1st of 4

)

A-1 (2nd of 10

)

F-1 (2nd of 8

)

Rating Agency Actions 

        The following rating agency actions were taken with respect to the Company from February 11, 2016, the date on which the Company filed
its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, through February 16, 2017:

•

 On July 22, 2016, A.M. Best affirmed all ratings of the Company, except ratings for Travelers Insurance Company Limited, which
were affirmed on December 23, 2016. The outlook for all ratings is stable. 

•

 On September 19, 2016, Fitch affirmed all ratings of the Company. The outlook for all ratings is stable. 

INVESTMENT OPERATIONS 

        The majority of funds available for investment are deployed in a widely diversified portfolio of high quality, liquid, taxable U.S. government,
tax-exempt U.S. municipal and taxable corporate and U.S. agency mortgage-backed bonds. The Company closely monitors the duration of its fixed maturity investments, and the Company's investment
purchases and sales are executed with the objective of having adequate funds available to satisfy its insurance and debt obligations. Generally, the expected principal and interest payments produced
by the Company's fixed maturity portfolio adequately fund the estimated runoff of the Company's insurance reserves. The Company's management of the duration of the fixed maturity investment portfolio,
including its use of Treasury futures at times, has produced a duration that is less than the estimated duration of the Company's net insurance liabilities. The substantial amount by which the fair
value of the fixed maturity portfolio exceeds the value of the net insurance liabilities, as well as the positive cash flow from newly sold policies and the large amount of high quality liquid bonds,
contributes to the Company's ability to fund claim payments without having to sell illiquid assets or access credit facilities. 

        The
Company also invests much smaller amounts in equity securities, real estate, private equity limited partnerships, hedge funds, and real estate partnerships and joint ventures. These
investment classes
have the potential for higher returns but also involve varying degrees of risk, including less stable rates of return and less liquidity. 

        See
note 3 of notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the Company's investment portfolio. 

26

Table of Contents

REGULATION 

U.S. State and Federal Regulation 

        TRV's domestic insurance subsidiaries are collectively licensed to transact insurance business in all U.S. states, the District of Columbia,
Guam, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and are subject to regulation in the various states and jurisdictions in which they transact business. The extent of regulation varies, but generally
derives from statutes that delegate regulatory, supervisory and administrative authority to a department of insurance in each state and jurisdiction. The regulation, supervision and administration
relate, among other things, to standards of solvency that must be met and maintained, the licensing of insurers and their agents, the nature of and limitations on investments, premium rates,
restrictions on the size of risks that may be insured under a single policy, reserves and provisions for unearned premiums, losses and other obligations, deposits of securities for the benefit of
policyholders, approval of policy forms and the regulation of market conduct, including the use of credit information in underwriting as well as other underwriting and claims practices. State
insurance departments also conduct periodic examinations of the financial condition and market conduct of insurance companies and require the filing of financial and other reports on a quarterly and
annual basis. 

        State
insurance regulation continues to evolve in response to the changing economic and business environment as well as efforts by regulators internationally to develop a consistent
approach to regulation. While the U.S. federal government has not historically regulated the insurance business, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 established a
Federal Insurance
Office (FIO) within the U.S. Department of the Treasury. While the FIO has limited regulatory authority, it has been active in the discussions to develop international regulatory standards for the
insurance industry. In response to these international efforts, the state insurance regulators, through the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC), are working with the Federal Reserve
and the FIO to consider and develop changes to the U.S. regulatory framework. 

        These
changes are evidenced by the incorporation of supervisory colleges into the U.S. regulatory framework. A supervisory college is a forum of the regulators having jurisdictional
authority over a holding company's various insurance subsidiaries, including foreign insurance subsidiaries, convened to meet with the insurer's executive management, to evaluate the insurer from both
a group-wide and legal-entity basis. Some of the items evaluated during the colleges include the insurer's business strategies, enterprise risk management and corporate governance. 

        While
insurance in the United States is regulated on a legal-entity basis, the NAIC has adopted changes to its Model Holding Company Act that some states, including the State of
Connecticut, have enacted to allow the insurance commissioner to be designated as the group-wide supervisor (i.e., lead regulator) for the insurance holding company system based upon certain
criteria, including the place of domicile of the insurance subsidiaries holding the majority of the insurance group's premiums, assets, or liabilities. Based upon these criteria, the State of
Connecticut Insurance Department is designated as TRV's lead regulator and conducts the supervisory colleges for the Company. 

         Insurance Regulation Concerning Dividends from Insurance Subsidiaries.

    TRV's principal domestic insurance subsidiaries are domiciled in
the state of
Connecticut. The Connecticut insurance holding company laws require notice to, and approval by, the state insurance commissioner for the declaration or payment of any dividend from an insurance
subsidiary that, together with other distributions made within the preceding twelve months, exceeds the greater of 10% of the insurance subsidiary's statutory capital and surplus as of the preceding
December 31, or the insurance subsidiary's net income for the twelve-month period ending the preceding December 31, in each case determined in accordance with statutory accounting
practices and by state regulation. This declaration or payment is further limited by adjusted unassigned surplus, as determined in accordance with statutory accounting practices. 

27

Table of Contents

        The
insurance holding company laws of other states in which TRV's domestic insurance subsidiaries are domiciled generally contain similar, although in some instances somewhat more
restrictive, limitations on the payment of dividends. 

         Rate and Rule Approvals.

    TRV's domestic insurance subsidiaries are subject to each state's laws and regulations regarding rate and rule
approvals.
The applicable laws and regulations generally establish standards to ensure that rates are not excessive, inadequate, unfairly discriminatory or used to engage in unfair price competition. An
insurer's ability to adjust rates and the relative timing of the process are dependent upon each state's requirements. Many states have enacted variations of competitive ratemaking laws, which allow
insurers to set certain premium rates for certain classes of insurance without having to obtain the prior approval of the state insurance department. 

         Requirements for Exiting Geographic Markets and/or Canceling or Nonrenewing Policies.

    Several states have laws and regulations which
may impact the
timing and/or the ability of an insurer to either discontinue or substantially reduce its writings in that state. These laws and regulations typically require prior notice, and in some instances
insurance department approval, prior to discontinuing a line of business or withdrawing from that state, and they allow insurers to cancel or non-renew certain policies only for certain specified
reasons. 

         Assessments for Guaranty Funds and Second-Injury Funds and Other Mandatory Assigned Risk and Reinsurance Arrangements.

    Virtually all
states require
insurers licensed to do business in their state, including TRV's domestic insurance subsidiaries, to bear a portion of the loss suffered by some claimants because of the insolvency of other insurers.
Many states also have laws that establish second-injury funds to provide compensation to injured employees for aggravation of a prior condition or injury. 

        TRV's
domestic insurance subsidiaries are also required to participate in various involuntary assigned risk pools, principally involving workers' compensation, automobile insurance,
property windpools in states prone to property damage from hurricanes and FAIR plans, as well as automobile assigned risk plans the results of which are not pooled with other carriers, which provide
various insurance coverages to individuals or other entities that otherwise are unable to purchase that coverage in the voluntary market. 

        Assessments
may include any charge mandated by statute or regulatory authority that is related directly or indirectly to underwriting activities. Examples of such mechanisms include, but
are not limited to, the Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund, Florida Citizens Property Insurance Corporation, National Workers' Compensation Reinsurance Pool, various workers' compensation related
funds (e.g., the Florida Special Disability Trust), North Carolina Beach Plan, Louisiana Citizens Property Insurance Corporation, and the Texas Windstorm Insurance Association. Amounts payable
or paid as a result of arrangements that are in substance reinsurance, including certain involuntary pools where insurers are required to assume premiums and losses from those pools, are accounted for
as reinsurance (e.g., National Workers' Compensation Reinsurance Pool, North Carolina Beach Plan). Amounts related to assessments from arrangements that are not reinsurance are reported as a
component of "General and Administrative Expenses," such as the Florida Special Disability Trust. For additional information
concerning assessments for guaranty funds and second-injury funds and other mandatory assigned risk and reinsurance agreements including state-funding mechanisms, see "Item 1A—Risk
Factors." 

         Insurance Regulatory Information System.

    The NAIC developed the Insurance Regulatory Information System (IRIS) to help state regulators
identify
companies that may require regulatory attention. Financial examiners review annual financial statements and the results of key financial ratios based on year-end data with the goal of identifying
insurers that appear to require immediate regulatory attention. Each ratio has an established "usual range" of results. A ratio result falling 

28

Table of Contents

outside
the usual range, however, is not necessarily considered adverse; rather, unusual values are used as part of the regulatory early monitoring system. Furthermore, in some years, it may not be
unusual for financially sound companies to have several ratios with results outside the usual ranges. Generally, an insurance company may become subject to regulatory scrutiny or, depending on the
company's financial condition, regulatory action if certain of its key IRIS ratios fall outside the usual ranges and the insurer's financial condition is trending downward. 

        Based
on preliminary 2016 IRIS ratios calculated by the Company for its lead domestic insurance subsidiaries, The Travelers Indemnity Company had results outside the normal range for one
IRIS ratio due to the size of its investments in certain non-fixed maturity securities, while Travelers Casualty and Surety Company and St. Paul Fire and Marine Insurance Company had results
outside the normal range for one IRIS ratio due to the amount of dividends received from their subsidiaries. In 2015, The Travelers Indemnity Company and Travelers Casualty and Surety Company had
results outside the normal range for these same ratios. 

        Management
does not anticipate regulatory action as a result of the 2016 IRIS ratio results for the lead insurance subsidiaries or their insurance subsidiaries. In all instances in prior
years, regulators have been satisfied upon follow-up that no regulatory action was required. 

         Risk-Based Capital (RBC) Requirements.

    The NAIC has an RBC requirement which sets forth minimum capital standards for most property and
casualty
insurance companies and is intended to raise the level of protection for policyholder obligations. The Company's U.S. insurance subsidiaries are subject to these NAIC RBC requirements based on laws
that have been adopted by individual states. These requirements subject insurers having policyholders' surplus less than that required by the RBC
calculation to varying degrees of regulatory action, depending on the level of capital inadequacy. Each of the Company's U.S. insurance subsidiaries had policyholders' surplus at December 31,
2016 significantly above the level at which any RBC regulatory action would occur. 

        While
there is currently no group regulatory capital requirement in the United States, a comparison of an insurer's policyholders' surplus on a combined basis to the legal entity NAIC
RBC requirements on a combined basis can provide useful information regarding an insurance group's overall capital adequacy in the U.S. The amount of policyholders' surplus held by the Company's U.S.
insurance subsidiaries at December 31, 2016 determined on a combined basis significantly exceeded the level at which the subsidiaries would be subject to RBC regulatory action (company action
level) on a combined basis at that date. 

        The
formulas have not been designed to differentiate among adequately capitalized companies that operate with levels of capital above the RBC requirement. Therefore, it is inappropriate
and ineffective to use the formulas to rate or to rank these companies. 

        Investment Regulation.

    Insurance company investments must comply with applicable laws and regulations which prescribe the kind, quality
and
concentration of investments. In general, these laws and regulations permit investments in federal, state and municipal obligations, corporate bonds, preferred and common equity securities, mortgage
loans, real estate and certain other investments, subject to specified limits and certain other qualifications. At December 31, 2016, the Company was in compliance with these laws and
regulations. 

International Regulation 

        TRV's insurance subsidiaries based in Canada, and the Canadian branch of one of the Company's U.S. insurance subsidiaries, are regulated for
solvency purposes by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (OSFI) under the provisions of the Insurance Companies Act (Canada). These Canadian subsidiaries and the Canadian branch
are also subject to Canadian provincial and territorial 

29

Table of Contents

insurance
legislation which regulates market conduct, including pricing, underwriting, coverage and claim conduct, in varying degrees by province/territory and by product line. 

        TRV's
insurance subsidiaries based in the United Kingdom are regulated by two regulatory bodies, The Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). The
PRA's primary objective is to promote the safety and soundness of insurers for the protection of policyholders, while the FCA has three operational objectives: (i) to secure an appropriate
degree of protection for consumers, (ii) to protect and enhance the integrity of the UK financial system, and (iii) to promote effective competition in the interests of consumers. TRV's
insurance operations in the Republic of Ireland are conducted through the Irish branch of Travelers Insurance Company Limited which is supervised by the Insurance Supervision Departments of the
Central Bank of Ireland (as to conduct) and also by the PRA. 

        TRV's
managing agency (Travelers Syndicate Management Limited) (TSML) of its Lloyd's syndicate (Syndicate 5000) is also regulated by the PRA and the FCA, which have delegated certain
regulatory responsibilities to the Council of Lloyd's. Travelers Syndicate 5000 is able to write business in over 75 jurisdictions throughout the world by virtue of Lloyd's international licenses. In
each such jurisdiction, the policies written by TSML, as part of Lloyd's, are subject to the laws and insurance regulations of that jurisdiction. Travelers Underwriting Agency Limited, which as an
insurance intermediary is regulated by the FCA, produces insurance business for Travelers Syndicate 5000. 

        A
TRV subsidiary, Travelers Casualty and Surety Company, has a representative office in China. The representative office is regulated by the China Insurance Regulatory Commission. A TRV
subsidiary, TCI Global Services, Inc., has a liaison office in India. Insurance business in India is regulated by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority. TRV's Brazilian operations
are regulated by the Superintendencia de Seguros Privados (SUSEP). 

        Regulators
in these jurisdictions require insurance companies to maintain certain levels of capital depending on, among other things, the type and amount of insurance policies in force.
Each of the Company's foreign insurance subsidiaries had capital above their respective regulatory requirements at December 31, 2016. 

Insurance Holding Company Statutes 

        As a holding company, TRV is not regulated as an insurance company. However, since TRV owns capital stock in insurance subsidiaries, it is
subject to state insurance holding company statutes, as well as certain other laws, of each of its insurance subsidiaries' states of domicile. All holding company statutes, as well as other laws,
require disclosure and, in some instances, prior approval of material transactions between an insurance company and an affiliate. The holding company statutes and other laws also require, among other
things, prior approval of an acquisition of control of a domestic insurer, some transactions between affiliates and the payment of extraordinary dividends or distributions. 

         Insurance Regulations Concerning Change of Control.

    Many state insurance regulatory laws contain provisions that require advance
approval by state
agencies of any change in control of an insurance company that is domiciled, or, in some cases, having substantial business that it is deemed to be commercially domiciled, in that state. 

        The
laws of many states also contain provisions requiring pre-notification to state agencies prior to any change in control of a non-domestic insurance company admitted to transact
business in that state. While these pre-notification statutes do not authorize the state agency to disapprove the change of control, they do authorize issuance of cease and desist orders with respect
to the non-domestic insurer if it is determined that some conditions, such as undue market concentration, would result from the acquisition. 

30

Table of Contents

        Any
transactions that would constitute a change in control of any of TRV's insurance subsidiaries would generally require prior approval by the insurance departments of the states in
which the insurance subsidiaries are domiciled or commercially domiciled. They may also require pre-acquisition notification in those states that have adopted pre-acquisition notification provisions
and in which such insurance subsidiaries are admitted to transact business. 

        Two
of TRV's insurance subsidiaries and its operations at Lloyd's are domiciled in the United Kingdom. Insurers in the United Kingdom are subject to change of control restrictions,
including approval of the PRA and FCA. TRV's insurance subsidiaries domiciled in, or authorized to conduct
insurance business in, Canada are also subject to regulatory change of control restrictions, including approval of OSFI. TRV's Brazilian operations are subject to regulatory change of control and
other share transfer restrictions, including approval of SUSEP. 

        These
requirements may deter, delay or prevent transactions affecting the control of or the ownership of common stock, including transactions that could be advantageous to TRV's
shareholders. 

Regulatory Developments 

        For a discussion of domestic and international regulatory developments, see "Item 1A—Risk Factors" including "Changes in
federal regulation could impose significant burdens on us and otherwise adversely impact our results" and "Regulatory changes outside of the United States, including in Canada and the European Union,
could adversely impact our results of operations and limit our growth." 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT 

        As a large property and casualty insurance enterprise, the Company is exposed to many risks. These risks are a function of the environments
within which the Company operates. Since certain risks can be correlated with other risks, an event or a series of events can impact multiple areas of the Company simultaneously and have a material
effect on the Company's results of operations, financial position and/or liquidity. These exposures require an entity-wide view of risk and an understanding of the potential impact on all aspects of
the Company's operations. It also requires the Company to manage its risk-taking to be within its risk appetite in a prudent and balanced effort to create and preserve value for all of the Company's
stakeholders. This approach to Company-wide risk evaluation and management is commonly called Enterprise Risk Management (ERM). ERM activities involve both the identification and assessment of a broad
range of risks and the execution of synchronized strategies to effectively manage such risks. Effective ERM also includes the determination of the Company's risk capital needs, which takes into
account regulatory requirements and credit rating considerations, in addition to economic and other factors. 

        ERM
at the Company is an integral part of its business operations. All corporate leaders and the Board of Directors are engaged in ERM. ERM involves risk-based analytics, as well as
reporting and feedback throughout the enterprise in support of the Company's long-term financial strategies and objectives. 

        The
Company uses various analyses and methods, including proprietary and third-party computer modeling processes, to make underwriting and reinsurance decisions designed to manage its
exposure to catastrophic events. In addition to catastrophe modeling and analysis, the Company also models and analyzes its exposure to other extreme events. The Company also utilizes proprietary and
third-party computer modeling processes to evaluate capital adequacy. These analytical techniques are an integral component of the Company's ERM process and further support the Company's long-term
financial strategies and objectives. 

31

Table of Contents

        In
addition to the day-to-day ERM activities within the Company's operations, key internal risk management functions include, among others, the Management and Operating Committees
(comprised of the Company's Chief Executive Officer and the other most senior members of management), the Enterprise and Business Risk Committees of management, the Credit Committee, Chief Legal
Officer, General Counsel, the Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer, the Corporate Actuarial group, the Corporate Audit group, the Corporate Controller group, the Accounting Policy group and the
Enterprise Underwriting group, among others. A senior executive team comprised of the Executive Vice President of ERM, the Chief Risk Officer and the Chief Underwriting Officer oversees the
ERM process. The mission of this team is to facilitate risk assessment and to collaborate in implementing effective risk management strategies throughout the Company. Another strategic ERM
objective of this team includes working across the Company to enhance effective and realistic risk modeling capabilities as part of the Company's overall effort to understand and manage its portfolio
of risks to be within its risk appetite. Board oversight of ERM is provided by the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors, which reviews the strategies, processes and controls pertaining to the
Company's insurance operations and oversees the implementation, execution and performance of the Company's ERM program. 

        The
Company's ERM efforts build upon the foundation of an effective internal control environment. ERM expands the internal control objectives of effective and efficient operations,
reliable financial reporting and compliance with applicable laws and regulations, to fostering, leading and supporting an integrated, risk-based culture within the Company that focuses on value
creation and preservation. However, the Company can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that these objectives will be met. Further, the design of any risk management or control system
must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. As a result, the possibility of material financial loss remains in spite of the
Company's significant ERM efforts. An investor should carefully consider the risks and all of the other information set forth in this annual report, including the discussions included in
"Item 1A—Risk Factors," "Item 7A—Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk," and "Item 8—Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data." 

OTHER INFORMATION 

Customer Concentration 

        In the opinion of the Company's management, no material part of the business of the Company and its subsidiaries is dependent upon a single
customer or group of customers, the loss of any one of which would have a material adverse effect on the Company, and no one customer or group of affiliated customers accounts for 10% or more of the
Company's consolidated revenues. 

Employees 

        At December 31, 2016, the Company had approximately 30,900 employees. The Company believes that its employee relations are satisfactory.
None of the Company's employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements. 

Sources of Liquidity 

        For a discussion of the Company's sources of funds and maturities of the long-term debt of the Company, see
"Item 7—Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources," and note 8 of notes to the
consolidated financial statements. 

32

Table of Contents 

Taxation 

        For a discussion of tax matters affecting the Company and its operations, see note 12 of notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

Financial Information about Reportable Business Segments 

        For financial information regarding reportable business segments of the Company, see "Item 7—Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," and note 2 of notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

Intellectual Property 

        The Company relies on a combination of contractual rights and copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws to establish and protect its
intellectual property. With respect to trademarks specifically, the Company has registrations in many countries, including the United States, for its material trademarks, including the "Travelers"
name and the Company's iconic umbrella logo. The Company has the right to retain its material trademark rights in perpetuity, so long as it satisfies the use and registration requirements of all
applicable countries. The Company regards its trademarks as highly valuable assets in marketing its products and services and vigorously seeks to protect its trademarks against infringement. See
"Item 1A—Risk Factors—Intellectual property is important to our business, and we may be unable to protect and enforce our own intellectual property or we may be subject
to claims for infringing the intellectual property of others." 

Company Website, Social Media and Availability of SEC Filings 

        The Company's Internet website is 
www.travelers.com

. Information on the Company's website is not
incorporated by reference herein and is not a part of this Form 10-K. The Company makes available free of charge on its website or provides a link on its website to the Company's Annual Report
on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as soon as reasonably practicable after those reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. To access these filings, go to the Company's website
and under the "For Investors" heading, click on "Financial Information" then "SEC Filings." 

        The
Company may use its website and/or social media outlets, such as Facebook and Twitter, as distribution channels of material company information. Financial and other important
information regarding the Company is routinely posted on and accessible through the Company's website at 
http://investor.travelers.com

, its Facebook
page at 
https://www.facebook.com/travelers

 and its Twitter account (@Travelers) at 
https://www.twitter.com/Travelers

. In addition, you may automatically
receive email alerts and other information about the Company when you enroll your
email address by visiting the "Email Notifications" section at 
http://investor.travelers.com

. 

 Glossary of Selected Insurance Terms 

Accident year

 The annual calendar accounting period in which loss events occurred, regardless of when the losses are actually reported, booked or paid.

Adjusted unassigned surplus

 Unassigned surplus as of the most recent statutory annual report reduced by twenty-five percent of that year's unrealized
appreciation in value or revaluation of assets or unrealized profits on investments, as defined in that report.

33

Table of Contents

Admitted insurer

 A company licensed to transact insurance business within a state.

Agent

 A licensed individual who sells and services insurance policies, receiving a commission from the insurer for selling the
business and a fee for servicing it. An independent agent represents multiple insurance companies and searches the market for the best product for its client.

Annuity

 A contract that pays a periodic benefit over the remaining life of a person (the annuitant), the lives of two or more
persons or for a specified period of time.

Assigned risk pools

 Reinsurance pools which cover risks for those unable to purchase insurance in the voluntary market. Possible reasons for
this inability include the risk being too great or the profit being too small under the required insurance rate structure. The costs of the risks associated with these pools are charged back to insurance carriers in proportion to their direct
writings.

Assumed reinsurance

 Insurance risks acquired from a ceding company.

Book value per share

 Total common shareholders' equity divided by the number of common shares outstanding.

Broker

 One who negotiates contracts of insurance or reinsurance on behalf of an insured party, receiving a commission from the
insurer or reinsurer for placement and other services rendered.

Capacity

 The percentage of statutory capital and surplus, or the dollar amount of exposure, that an insurer or reinsurer is willing
or able to place at risk. Capacity may apply to a single risk, a program, a line of business or an entire book of business. Capacity may be constrained by legal restrictions, corporate restrictions or indirect restrictions.

Captive

 A closely-held insurance company whose primary purpose is to provide insurance coverage to the company's owners or their
affiliates.

Case reserves

 Claim department estimates of anticipated future payments to be made on each specific individual reported
claim.

Casualty insurance

 Insurance which is primarily concerned with the losses caused by injuries to third persons, i.e., not the insured, and
the legal liability imposed on the insured resulting therefrom. It includes, but is not limited to, employers' liability, workers' compensation, public liability, automobile liability, personal liability and aviation liability insurance. It excludes
certain types of losses that by law or custom are considered as being exclusively within the scope of other types of insurance, such as fire or marine.

34

Table of Contents

Catastrophe

 A severe loss caused by various natural events, including, among others, hurricanes, tornadoes and other windstorms, earthquakes, hail,
wildfires, severe winter weather, floods, tsunamis, volcanic eruptions and other naturally-occurring events, such as solar flares. Catastrophes can also be man-made, such as terrorist attacks and other intentionally destructive acts including those
involving nuclear, biological, chemical, radiological, cyber-attacks, explosions and infrastructure failures. Each catastrophe has unique characteristics and catastrophes are not predictable as to timing or amount. Their effects are included in net
and operating income and claims and claim adjustment expense reserves upon occurrence. A catastrophe may result in the payment of reinsurance reinstatement premiums and assessments from various pools.

Catastrophe loss

 Loss and directly identified loss adjustment expenses from catastrophes.

Catastrophe reinsurance

 A form of excess-of-loss reinsurance which, subject to a specified limit, indemnifies the ceding company for the amount of
loss in excess of a specified retention with respect to an accumulation of losses and related reinsurance reinstatement premiums resulting from a catastrophic event. The actual reinsurance document is called a "catastrophe cover." These reinsurance
contracts are typically designed to cover property insurance losses but can be written to cover casualty insurance losses such as from workers' compensation policies.

Cede; ceding company

 When an insurer reinsures its liability with another insurer or a "cession," it "cedes" business and is referred to as the
"ceding company."

Ceded reinsurance

 Insurance risks transferred to another company as reinsurance. See "Reinsurance."

Claim

 Request by an insured for indemnification by an insurance company for loss incurred from an insured peril.

Claim adjustment expenses

 See "Loss adjustment expenses (LAE)."

Claims and claim adjustment expenses

 See "Loss" and "Loss adjustment expenses (LAE)."

Claims and claim adjustment expense reserves

 See "Loss reserves."

Cohort

 A group of items or individuals that share a particular statistical or demographic characteristic. For example, all claims
for a given product in a given market for a given accident year would represent a cohort of claims.

35

Table of Contents

Combined ratio

 For Statutory Accounting Practices (SAP), the combined ratio is the sum of the SAP loss and LAE ratio and the SAP underwriting expense
ratio as defined in the statutory financial statements required by insurance regulators. The combined ratio as used in this report is the equivalent of, and is calculated in the same manner as, the SAP combined ratio except that the SAP underwriting
expense ratio is based on net 
written

 premium and the underwriting expense ratio as used in this report is based on net 
earned

 premiums.

 The combined ratio is an indicator of the Company's underwriting discipline, efficiency in acquiring and servicing its
business and overall underwriting profitability. A combined ratio under 100% generally indicates an underwriting profit. A combined ratio over 100% generally indicates an underwriting loss.

 Other companies' method of computing a similarly titled measure may not be comparable to the Company's method of computing
this ratio.

Combined ratio excluding incremental impact of direct to consumer initiative

 The combined ratio excluding incremental impact of direct to consumer initiative is the combined ratio adjusted to exclude
the direct, variable impact of the Company's direct-to-consumer initiative in Personal Insurance.

Commercial multi-peril policies

 Refers to policies which cover both property and third-party liability exposures.

Commutation agreement

 An agreement between a reinsurer and a ceding company whereby the reinsurer pays an agreed-upon amount in exchange for a
complete discharge of all obligations, including future obligations, between the parties for reinsurance losses incurred.

Debt-to-total capital ratio

 The ratio of debt to total capitalization.

Debt-to-total capital ratio excluding net unrealized gain (loss) on investments

 The ratio of debt to total capitalization excluding the after-tax impact of net unrealized investment gains and
losses.

Deductible

 The amount of loss that an insured retains.

Deferred acquisition costs (DAC)

 Incremental direct costs of acquired and renewal insurance contracts, consisting of commissions (other than contingent
commissions) and premium-related taxes that are deferred and amortized to achieve a matching of revenues and expenses when reported in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP).

36

Table of Contents

Deficiency

 With regard to reserves for a given liability, a deficiency exists when it is estimated or determined that the reserves are insufficient to
pay the ultimate settlement value of the related liabilities. Where the deficiency is the result of an estimate, the estimated amount of deficiency (or even the finding of whether or not a deficiency exists) may change as new information becomes
available.

Demand surge

 Significant short-term increases in building material and labor costs due to a sharp increase in demand for those materials
and services, commonly as a result of a large catastrophe resulting in significant widespread property damage.

Direct written premiums

 The amounts charged by an insurer to insureds in exchange for coverages provided in accordance with the terms of an
insurance contract. The amounts exclude the impact of all reinsurance premiums, either assumed or ceded.

Earned premiums or premiums earned

 That portion of property casualty premiums written that applies to the expired portion of the policy term. Earned premiums
are recognized as revenues under both SAP and GAAP.

Excess and surplus lines insurance

 Insurance for risks not covered by standard insurance due to the unique nature of the risk. Risks could be placed in excess
and surplus lines markets due to any number of characteristics, such as loss experience, unique or unusual exposures, or insufficient experience in business. Excess and surplus lines are less regulated by the states, allowing greater flexibility to
design specific insurance coverage and negotiate pricing based on the risks to be secured.

Excess liability

 Additional casualty coverage above a layer of insurance exposures.

Excess-of-loss reinsurance

 Reinsurance that indemnifies the reinsured against all or a specified portion of losses over a specified dollar amount or
"retention."

Exposure

 The measure of risk used in the pricing of an insurance product. The change in exposure is the amount of change in premium
on policies that renew attributable to the change in portfolio risk.

Facultative reinsurance

 The reinsurance of all or a portion of the insurance provided by a single policy. Each policy reinsured is separately
negotiated.

Fair Access to Insurance Requirements (FAIR) Plan

 A residual market mechanism which provides property insurance to those unable to obtain such insurance through the regular
(voluntary) market. FAIR plans are set up on a state-by-state basis to cover only those risks in that state. For more information, see "residual market (involuntary business)."

Fidelity and surety programs

 Fidelity insurance coverage protects an insured for loss due to embezzlement or misappropriation of funds by an employee.
Surety is a three-party agreement in which the insurer agrees to pay a third party or make complete an obligation in response to the default, acts or omissions of an insured.

37

Table of Contents

Gross written premiums

 The direct and assumed contractually determined amounts charged to the policyholders for the effective period of the contract based on the
terms and conditions of the insurance contract.

Ground-up analysis

 A method to estimate ultimate claim costs for a given cohort of claims such as an accident year/product line component. It
involves analyzing the exposure and claim activity at an individual insured level and then through the use of deterministic or stochastic scenarios and/or simulations, estimating the ultimate losses for those insureds. The total losses for the cohort
are then the sum of the losses for each individual insured.

 In practice, the method is sometimes simplified by performing the individual insured analysis only for the larger insureds,
with the costs for the smaller insureds estimated via sampling approaches (extrapolated to the rest of the smaller insured population) or aggregate approaches (using assumptions consistent with the ground-up larger insured analysis).

Guaranteed cost products

 An insurance policy where the premiums charged will not be adjusted for actual loss experience during the covered
period.

Guaranty fund

 A state-regulated mechanism that is financed by assessing insurers doing business in those states. Should insolvencies
occur, these funds are available to meet some or all of the insolvent insurer's obligations to policyholders.

Holding company liquidity

 Total cash, short-term invested assets and other readily marketable securities held by the holding company.

Incurred but not reported (IBNR) reserves

 Reserves for estimated losses and LAE that have been incurred but not yet reported to the insurer. This includes amounts
for unreported claims, development on known cases, and re-opened claims.

Inland marine

 A broad type of insurance generally covering articles that may be transported from one place to another, as well as bridges,
 tunnels and other instrumentalities of transportation. It includes goods in transit, generally other than transoceanic, and may include policies for movable objects such as personal effects, personal property, jewelry, furs, fine art and
others.

IRIS ratios

 Financial ratios calculated by the NAIC to assist state insurance departments in monitoring the financial condition of
insurance companies.

Large deductible policy

 An insurance policy where the customer assumes at least $25,000 or more of each loss. Typically, the insurer is responsible
for paying the entire loss under those policies and then seeks reimbursement from the insured for the deductible amount.

Lloyd's

 An insurance marketplace based in London, England, where brokers, representing clients with insurable risks, deal with
Lloyd's underwriters, who represent investors. The investors are grouped together into syndicates that provide capital to insure the risks.

38

Table of Contents

Loss

 An occurrence that is the basis for submission and/or payment of a claim. Losses may be covered, limited or excluded from coverage,
depending on the terms of the policy.

Loss adjustment expenses (LAE)

 The expenses of settling claims, including legal and other fees and the portion of general expenses allocated to claim
settlement costs.

Loss and LAE ratio

 For SAP, the loss and LAE ratio is the ratio of incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses less certain administrative
services fee income to net earned premiums as defined in the statutory financial statements required by insurance regulators. The loss and LAE ratio as used in this report is calculated in the same manner as the SAP ratio.

 The loss and LAE ratio is an indicator of the Company's underwriting discipline and underwriting profitability.

 Other companies' method of computing a similarly titled measure may not be comparable to the Company's method of computing
this ratio.

Loss reserves

 Liabilities established by insurers and reinsurers to reflect the estimated cost of claims incurred that the insurer or
reinsurer will ultimately be required to pay in respect of insurance or reinsurance it has written. Reserves are established for losses and for LAE, and consist of case reserves and IBNR reserves. As the term is used in this document, "loss reserves"
is meant to include reserves for both losses and LAE.

Loss reserve development

 The increase or decrease in incurred claims and claim adjustment expenses as a result of the re-estimation of claims and
claim adjustment expense reserves at successive valuation dates for a given group of claims. Loss reserve development may be related to prior year or current year development.

Losses incurred

 The total losses sustained by an insurance company under a policy or policies, whether paid or unpaid. Incurred losses
include a provision for IBNR.

National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC)

 An organization of the insurance commissioners or directors of all 50 states, the District of Columbia and the five U.S.
territories organized to promote consistency of regulatory practice and statutory accounting standards throughout the United States.

Net written premiums

 Direct written premiums plus assumed reinsurance premiums less premiums ceded to reinsurers.

New business volume

 The amount of written premium related to new policyholders and additional products sold to existing
policyholders.

Operating income (loss)

 Net income (loss) excluding the after-tax impact of net realized investment gains (losses), discontinued operations and
cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles when applicable.

39

Table of Contents

Operating income (loss) per share

 Operating income (loss) on a per share basis.

Operating return on equity

 The ratio of operating income to average equity excluding net unrealized investment gains and losses and discontinued
operations, net of tax.

Pool

 An organization of insurers or reinsurers through which particular types of risks are underwritten with premiums, losses
and expenses being shared in agreed-upon percentages.

Premiums

 The amount charged during the year on policies and contracts issued, renewed or reinsured by an insurance
company.

Probable maximum loss (PML)

 The maximum amount of loss that the Company would be expected to incur on a policy if a loss were to occur, giving effect
to collateral, reinsurance and other factors.

Property insurance

 Insurance that provides coverage to a person or business with an insurable interest in tangible property for that person's
or business's property loss, damage or loss of use.

Quota share reinsurance

 Reinsurance wherein the insurer cedes an agreed-upon fixed percentage of liabilities, premiums and losses for each policy
covered on a pro rata basis.

Rates

 Amounts charged per unit of insurance.

Redundancy

 With regard to reserves for a given liability, a redundancy exists when it is estimated or determined that the reserves are
greater than what will be needed to pay the ultimate settlement value of the related liabilities. Where the redundancy is the result of an estimate, the estimated amount of redundancy (or even the finding of whether or not a redundancy exists) may
change as new information becomes available.

Reinstatement premiums

 Additional premiums payable to reinsurers to restore coverage limits that have been exhausted as a result of reinsured
losses under certain excess-of-loss reinsurance treaties.

Reinsurance

 The practice whereby one insurer, called the reinsurer, in consideration of a premium paid to that insurer, agrees to
indemnify another insurer, called the ceding company, for part or all of the liability of the ceding company under one or more policies or contracts of insurance which it has issued.

Reinsurance agreement

 A contract specifying the terms of a reinsurance transaction.

Renewal premium change

 The estimated change in average premium on policies that renew, including rate and exposure changes. Such statistics are
subject to change based on a number of factors, including changes in estimates.

Renewal rate change

 The estimated change in average premium on policies that renew, excluding exposure changes. Such statistics are subject to
change based on a number of factors, including changes in estimates.

40

Table of Contents

Residual market (involuntary business)

 Insurance market which provides coverage for risks for those unable to purchase insurance in the voluntary market. Possible reasons for
this inability include the risks being too great or the profit potential too small under the required insurance rate structure. Residual markets are frequently created by state legislation either because of lack of available coverage such as:
property coverage in a windstorm prone area or protection of the accident victim as in the case of workers' compensation. The costs of the residual market are usually charged back to the direct insurance carriers in proportion to the carriers'
voluntary market shares for the type of coverage involved.

Retention

 The amount of exposure a policyholder company retains on any one risk or group of risks. The term may apply to an insurance
policy, where the policyholder is an individual, family or business, or a reinsurance policy, where the policyholder is an insurance company.

Retention rate

 The percentage of prior period premiums (excluding renewal premium changes), accounts or policies available for renewal in
the current period that were renewed. Such statistics are subject to change based on a number of factors, including changes in estimates.

Retrospective premiums

 Premiums related to retrospectively rated policies.

Retrospective rating

 A plan or method which permits adjustment of the final premium or commission on the basis of actual loss experience,
subject to certain minimum and maximum limits.

Return on equity

 The ratio of net income (loss) less preferred dividends to average shareholders' equity.

Risk-based capital (RBC)

 A measure adopted by the NAIC and enacted by states for determining the minimum statutory policyholders' surplus
requirements of insurers. Insurers having total adjusted capital less than that required by the RBC calculation will be subject to varying degrees of regulatory action depending on the level of capital inadequacy.

Risk retention group

 An alternative form of insurance in which members of a similar profession or business band together to self insure their
risks.

Runoff business

 An operation which has been determined to be nonstrategic; includes non-renewals of in-force policies and a cessation of
writing new business, where allowed by law.

Salvage

 The amount of money an insurer recovers through the sale of property transferred to the insurer as a result of a loss
payment.

S-curve method

 A mathematical function which depicts an initial slow change, followed by a rapid change and then ending in a slow change
again. This results in an "S" shaped line when depicted graphically. The actuarial application of these curves fit the reported data to date for a particular cohort of claims to an S-curve to project future activity for that cohort.

41

Table of Contents

Second-injury fund

 The employer of an injured, impaired worker is responsible only for the workers' compensation benefit for the most recent injury; the
second-injury fund would cover the cost of any additional benefits for aggravation of a prior condition. The cost is shared by the insurance industry and self-insureds, funded through assessments to insurance companies and self-insureds based on
either premiums or losses.

Self-insured retentions

 That portion of the risk retained by a person for its own account.

Servicing carrier

 An insurance company that provides, for a fee, various services including policy issuance, claims adjusting and customer
service for insureds in a reinsurance pool.

Statutory accounting practices (SAP)

 The practices and procedures prescribed or permitted by domiciliary state insurance regulatory authorities in the United
States for recording transactions and preparing financial statements. SAP generally reflect a modified going concern basis of accounting.

Statutory capital and surplus

 The excess of an insurance company's admitted assets over its liabilities, including loss reserves, as determined in
accordance with SAP. Admitted assets are assets of an insurer prescribed or permitted by a state to be recognized on the statutory balance sheet. Statutory capital and surplus is also referred to as "statutory surplus" or "policyholders'
surplus."

Statutory net income

 As determined under SAP, total revenues less total expenses and income taxes.

Structured settlements

 Periodic payments to an injured person or survivor for a determined number of years or for life, typically in settlement of
a claim under a liability policy, usually funded through the purchase of an annuity.

Subrogation

 A principle of law incorporated in insurance policies, which enables an insurance company, after paying a claim under a
policy, to recover the amount of the loss from another person or entity who is legally liable for it.

Tenure impact

 As new business volume increases and accounts for a greater percentage of earned premiums, the loss and LAE ratio generally
worsens initially, as the loss and LAE ratio for new business is generally higher than the ratio for business that has been retained for longer periods. As poorer performing business leaves and pricing segmentation improves on renewal of the business
that is retained, the loss and LAE ratio is expected to improve in future years.

Third-party liability

 A liability owed to a claimant (third party) who is not one of the two parties to the insurance contract. Insured liability
claims are referred to as third-party claims.

Total capitalization

 The sum of total shareholders' equity and debt.

42

Table of Contents

Treaty reinsurance

 The reinsurance of a specified type or category of risks defined in a reinsurance agreement (a "treaty") between a primary insurer or other
reinsured and a reinsurer. Typically, in treaty reinsurance, the primary insurer or reinsured is obligated to offer and the reinsurer is obligated to accept a specified portion of all that type or category of risks originally written by the primary
insurer or reinsured.

Umbrella coverage

 A form of insurance protection against losses in excess of amounts covered by other liability insurance policies or amounts
not covered by the usual liability policies.

Unassigned surplus

 The undistributed and unappropriated amount of statutory capital and surplus.

Underlying combined ratio

 The underlying combined ratio is the sum of the underlying loss and LAE ratio and the underlying underwriting expense
ratio. The underlying combined ratio is an indicator of the Company's underwriting discipline and underwriting profitability for the current accident year.

Underlying loss and LAE ratio

 The underlying loss and LAE ratio is the loss and LAE ratio, adjusted to exclude the impact of catastrophes and prior year
reserve development. The underlying loss and LAE ratio is an indicator of the Company's underwriting discipline and underwriting profitability for the current accident year.

Underlying underwriting expense ratio

 The underlying underwriting expense ratio is the underwriting expense ratio adjusted to exclude the impact of
catastrophes.

Underlying underwriting margin

 Net earned premiums and fee income less claims and claim adjustment expenses (excluding catastrophe losses and prior year
reserve development) and insurance-related expenses.

Underwriter

 An employee of an insurance company who examines, accepts or rejects risks and classifies accepted risks in order to charge
an appropriate premium for each accepted risk. The underwriter is expected to select business that will produce an average risk of loss no greater than that anticipated for the class of business.

Underwriting

 The insurer's or reinsurer's process of reviewing applications for insurance coverage, and the decision as to whether to
accept all or part of the coverage and determination of the applicable premiums; also refers to the acceptance of that coverage.

Underwriting expense ratio

 For SAP, the underwriting expense ratio is the ratio of underwriting expenses incurred (including commissions paid), less
certain administrative services fee income and billing and policy fees, to net 
written

 premiums as defined in the statutory financial statements required by insurance regulators. The underwriting expense
ratio as used in this report is the ratio of underwriting expenses (including the amortization of deferred acquisition costs), less certain administrative services fee income, billing and policy fees and other, to net 
earned

 premiums.

43

Table of Contents

 The underwriting expense ratio is an indicator of the Company's efficiency in acquiring and servicing its business.

 Other companies' method of computing a similarly titled measure may not be comparable to the Company's method of computing
this ratio.

Underwriting gain or loss

 Net earned premiums and fee income less claims and claim adjustment expenses and insurance-related expenses.

Unearned premium

 The portion of premiums written that is allocable to the unexpired portion of the policy term.

Voluntary market

 The market in which a person seeking insurance obtains coverage without the assistance of residual market
mechanisms.

Wholesale broker

 An independent or exclusive agent that represents both admitted and non-admitted insurers in market areas, which include
standard, non-standard, specialty and excess and surplus lines of insurance. The wholesaler does not deal directly with the insurance consumer. The wholesaler deals with the retail agent or broker.

Workers' compensation

 A system (established under state and federal laws) under which employers provide insurance for benefit payments to their
employees for work-related injuries, deaths and diseases, regardless of fault.

 

        You should carefully consider the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this report, including without limitation our
consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto and "Item 7—Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical
Accounting Estimates." 

        Catastrophe losses could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, our financial position and/or liquidity, and could adversely impact our ratings, our ability to
raise
capital and the
availability and cost of reinsurance.

    Our property and casualty insurance operations expose us to claims arising out of catastrophes. Catastrophes can be caused by
various natural events, including, among others, hurricanes, tornadoes and other windstorms, earthquakes, hail, wildfires, severe winter weather, floods, tsunamis, volcanic eruptions and other
naturally-occurring events, such as solar flares. Catastrophes can also be man-made, such as terrorist attacks and other intentionally destructive acts including those involving nuclear, biological,
chemical or radiological events, cyber-attacks, explosions and infrastructure failures. The geographic distribution of our business subjects us to catastrophe exposures in the United States and
Canada, which include, but are not limited to: hurricanes from Maine through Texas; tornadoes and hail storms throughout the Central, Mid-Atlantic and Southeastern regions of the United States;
earthquakes in California, the New Madrid region and the Pacific Northwest region of North America; wildfires, particularly in western states and Canada; and terrorism in major cities in the United
States. In addition to our operations in the United States and Canada, our international operations subject us to catastrophe exposures in the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland and Brazil as
well as to a variety of world-wide catastrophe exposures through our Lloyd's operations. 

44

Table of Contents 

        The incidence and severity of catastrophes are inherently unpredictable, and it is possible that both the frequency and severity of natural and man-made
catastrophic events could increase. Severe weather events over the last two decades have underscored the unpredictability of future climate trends, and potentially changing climate conditions could
add to the frequency and severity of natural disasters and create additional uncertainty as to future trends and exposures. For example, over the last two decades, hurricane activity has impacted
areas further inland than previously experienced by us, and demographic changes have resulted in larger populations in coastal areas which historically have been subject to severe storms and related
storm surge, thus expanding our potential for losses from hurricanes. Additionally, both the frequency and severity of tornado and hail storms in the United States have been more volatile during the
last decade. Moreover, we could experience more than one severe catastrophic event in any given period. 

        All
of the catastrophe modeling tools that we use, or that we rely on from outside parties, to evaluate certain of our catastrophe exposures are based on assumptions and judgments that
are subject to error and mis-estimation and may produce estimates that are materially different than actual results. In addition, compared to models for hurricanes, models for earthquakes are less
reliable due to there being a more limited number of significant historical events to analyze, while models for tornadoes and hail storms are newer and may be even less reliable due to the highly
random geographic nature and size of these events. As a result, models for earthquakes and tornado and hail storms may have even
greater difficulty predicting risks and estimating losses. Further, changes in climate conditions could cause our underlying modeling data to be less predictive, thus limiting our ability to
effectively evaluate and manage catastrophe risk. As compared to natural catastrophes, modeling for man-made catastrophes, such as terrorism, is even more difficult and less reliable, and for some
events, currently there are no reliable modeling techniques. See "We may be adversely affected if our pricing and capital models provide materially different indications than actual results" below as
well as "Item 7—Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Catastrophe Modeling" and "—Changing Climate
Conditions." 

        The
extent of losses from a catastrophe is a function of the total amount of insured exposure in the area affected by the event, the severity of the event and the coverage provided,
which can be both property and casualty coverages. Increases in the value and geographic concentration of insured property, the number of policyholders exposed to certain events and the effects of
inflation could increase the severity of claims from catastrophic events in the future. For example, the specific geographic location impacted by tornadoes is inherently random and unpredictable and
the specific location impacted by a tornado may or may not be highly populated and may or may not have a high concentration of our insured exposures. 

        States
have from time to time passed legislation, and regulators have taken action, that have the effect of limiting the ability of insurers to manage catastrophe risk, such as
legislation prohibiting insurers from reducing exposures or withdrawing from catastrophe-prone areas or mandating that insurers participate in residual markets. Participation in residual market
mechanisms has resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant losses or assessments to insurers, including us, and, in certain states, those losses or assessments may not be commensurate with
our direct catastrophe exposure in those states. If our competitors leave those states having residual market mechanisms, remaining insurers, including us, may be subject to significant increases in
losses or assessments following a catastrophe. In addition, following catastrophes, there are sometimes legislative and administrative initiatives and court decisions that seek to expand insurance
coverage for catastrophe claims beyond the original intent of the policies or seek to prevent the application of deductibles. Also, our ability to adjust terms, including deductible levels, or to
increase pricing to the extent necessary to offset rising costs of catastrophes, particularly in the Personal Insurance segment, requires approval of regulatory authorities of certain states. Our
ability or our willingness to manage our catastrophe exposure by raising prices, modifying underwriting terms or reducing exposure to certain geographies may be limited 

45

Table of Contents

due
to considerations of public policy, the evolving political environment and/or changes in the general economic climate. We also may choose to write business in catastrophe-prone areas that we might
not otherwise write for strategic purposes, such as improving our access to other underwriting opportunities. 

        There
are also factors that impact the estimation of ultimate costs for catastrophes. For example, the estimation of claims and claim adjustment expense reserves related to hurricanes
can be affected by the inability to access portions of the impacted areas, the complexity of factors contributing to the losses, the legal and regulatory uncertainties and the nature of the
information available to establish the claims and claim adjustment expense reserves. Complex factors include, but are not limited to: determining whether damage was caused by flooding versus wind;
evaluating general liability and pollution exposures; estimating additional living expenses; the impact of demand surge; infrastructure disruption; fraud; the effect of mold damage; business
interruption costs; late reported claims; litigation; and reinsurance collectability. The timing of a catastrophe's occurrence, such as at or near the end of a reporting period, can also affect the
information available to us in estimating claims and claim adjustment expense reserves for that reporting period. The estimates related to catastrophes are adjusted in subsequent periods as actual
claims emerge and additional information becomes available. 

        Exposure
to catastrophe losses or actual losses resulting from a catastrophe could adversely affect our financial strength and claims-paying ratings and could impair our ability to raise
capital on acceptable terms or at all. Also, as a result of our exposure to catastrophe losses or actual losses following a catastrophe, rating agencies may further increase capital requirements,
which may require us to raise capital to maintain our ratings. A ratings downgrade could hurt our ability to compete effectively or attract new business. In addition, catastrophic events could cause
us to exhaust our available reinsurance limits and could adversely impact the cost and availability of reinsurance. Such events can also impact the credit of our reinsurers. For a discussion of our
catastrophe reinsurance coverage, see "Item 1—Business—Reinsurance—Catastrophe Reinsurance." Catastrophic events could also adversely impact the credit of
the issuers of securities, such as states or municipalities, in which we have invested. 

        In
addition, coverage in our reinsurance program for terrorism is limited. Although the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program provides benefits in the event of certain acts of terrorism,
those benefits are subject to a deductible and other limitations and the program is scheduled to expire on December 31, 2020. Under current provisions of this program, once our losses exceed
20% of our commercial property and casualty insurance premium for the preceding calendar year, the federal government will reimburse us for 83% of our losses attributable to certain acts of terrorism
which exceed this deductible up to a total industry program cap of $100 billion. Our estimated deductible under the program is $2.45 billion for 2017. Over the remaining four-year life
of the reauthorized program, the federal government reimbursement percentage will fall from 83% to 80%. In addition, because the interpretation of this law is untested, there is substantial
uncertainty as to how it will be applied to specific circumstances. For example, application of the law to a specific event will depend upon whether the government has designated such event as a
covered event. It is also possible that future legislation could change or eliminate the program, which could adversely affect our business by increasing our exposure to terrorism losses, or by
lowering our business volume through efforts to avoid that exposure. For a further description of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program, see note 5 of notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

        Because
of the risks set forth above, catastrophes such as those caused by various natural or man-made events, such as a terrorist attack or other intentionally destructive acts,
including those involving nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological events or cyber-attacks, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and/or liquidity.
Further, we may not have sufficient resources to respond to claims arising from a high frequency of high severity natural catastrophes and/or of man-made catastrophic events involving conventional
means. In addition, while 

46

Table of Contents

we
seek to manage our exposure to man-made catastrophic events involving conventional means, we may not have sufficient resources to respond to claims arising out of one or more man-made catastrophic
events involving "unconventional" means, such as nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological events. 

        If actual claims exceed our claims and claim adjustment expense reserves, or if changes in the estimated level of claims and claim adjustment expense reserves are necessary, including
as
a result of, among other things, changes in the legal, regulatory and economic environments in which the Company operates, our financial results could be materially and adversely
affected.

    Claims and claim adjustment expense reserves do not represent an exact calculation of liability, but instead represent management estimates of what the
ultimate settlement and administration of claims will cost, generally utilizing actuarial expertise and projection techniques, at a given accounting date. 

        The
process of estimating claims and claim adjustment expense reserves involves a high degree of judgment and is subject to a number of variables. These variables can be affected by both
internal and external events, such as: changes in claims handling procedures; adverse changes in loss cost trends, including inflationary pressures and technology changes which may impact medical,
auto and home repair costs; economic conditions including general and wage inflation; legal trends and legislative changes; and varying judgments and viewpoints of the individuals involved in the
estimation process, among others. The impact of many of these items on ultimate costs for claims and claim adjustment expenses is difficult to estimate. Claims and claim adjustment expense reserve
estimation difficulties also differ significantly by product line due to differences in claim complexity, the volume of claims, the potential severity of individual claims, the determination of
occurrence date for a claim and reporting lags (the time between the occurrence of the policyholder event and when it is actually reported to the insurer). 

        It
is possible that, among other things, past or future steps taken by the federal government to stimulate the U.S. economy, including tax reform and changes in international trade
regulation, such as the potential for a destination-based, border-adjustable consumption tax system and/or tariffs, could lead to higher inflation than we had anticipated, which could in turn lead to
an increase in our loss costs. The impact of inflation on loss costs could be more pronounced for those lines of business that are considered "long tail," such as general liability, as they require a
relatively long period of time to finalize and settle claims for a given accident year. In addition, a significant portion of claims costs, including those in "long tail" lines of business, consists
of medical costs. Changes in healthcare legislation could significantly impact the availability, cost and allocation of payments for medical services, and it is possible that, as a result,
inflationary pressures in medical costs may increase or claim frequency and/or severity may otherwise be adversely impacted. The estimation of claims and claim adjustment expense reserves may also be
more difficult during times of adverse or uncertain economic
conditions due to unexpected changes in behavior of claimants and policyholders, including an increase in fraudulent reporting of exposures and/or losses, reduced maintenance of insured properties,
increased frequency of small claims or delays in the reporting of claims. In addition, the estimation of claims and claim adjustment expense reserves may be influenced by other external factors,
including continued intensive advertising by plaintiff attorneys. 

        We
continually refine our claims and claim adjustment expense reserve estimates in a regular, ongoing process as historical loss experience develops, additional claims are reported and
settled, and the legal, regulatory and economic environment evolves. Business judgment is applied throughout the process, including the application of various individual experiences and expertise to
multiple sets of data and analyses. Different experts may choose different assumptions when faced with material uncertainty, based on their individual backgrounds, professional experiences and areas
of focus. Hence, such experts may at times produce estimates materially different from each other. This risk may be exacerbated in the context of an acquisition. Experts providing input to the various
estimates and underlying assumptions include actuaries, underwriters, claim personnel and lawyers, as well as other 

47

Table of Contents

members
of management. Therefore, management may have to consider varying individual viewpoints as part of its estimation of claims and claim adjustment expense reserves. 

        We
attempt to consider all significant facts and circumstances known at the time claims and claim adjustment expense reserves are established or reviewed. Due to the inherent uncertainty
underlying claims and claim adjustment expense reserve estimates, the final resolution of the estimated liability for claims and claim adjustment expenses will likely be higher or lower than the
related claims and claim adjustment expense reserves at the reporting date. Therefore, actual paid losses in the future may yield a materially different amount than is currently reserved. 

        Because
of the uncertainties set forth above, additional liabilities resulting from one insured event, or an accumulation of insured events, may exceed the current related reserves. In
addition, our estimate of claims and claim adjustment expenses may change. These additional liabilities or increases in estimates, or a range of either, could vary significantly from period to period,
cannot now be reasonably estimated and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and/or our financial position. 

        For
a discussion of claims and claim adjustment expense reserves by product line, including examples of common factors that can affect required reserves, see
"Item 7—Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Estimates—Claims and Claim Adjustment
Expense Reserves." 

         During or following a period of financial market disruption or an economic downturn, our business could be materially and adversely
affected.

    Worldwide financial markets and economic conditions have, from time to time, experienced significant disruption or deterioration and likely will
experience periods of disruption or deterioration in the future. If financial markets experience significant disruption or if economic conditions deteriorate, our results of operations, financial
position and/or liquidity likely would be adversely impacted. For example, financial market disruptions and economic downturns have resulted in, among other things, reduced business volume, as well as
heightened credit risk and reduced valuations for certain of our investments. An inflationary environment, as a result of government efforts to stabilize the economy after a disruption or otherwise,
may also, as we discuss in risk factors above, adversely impact our loss costs and the valuation of our investment portfolio. 

        Financial
market disruption or an economic downturn could be exacerbated by actual or potential economic and geopolitical instability in many regions of the world. This can impact our
business even if we do not conduct business in the region subject to the instability. For example, due to globalization, instability in one region can spread to other regions where we do business. In
Europe, uncertainty in recent years has included the increased potential for default by one or more European sovereign debt issuers, the potential partial or complete dissolution of the Eurozone and
its common currency and the negative impact of such potential events on global financial institutions and capital markets generally. Actions or inactions of European governments, including the United
Kingdom's expected withdrawal from the European Union, may impact these actual or perceived risks. In the United States, future actions or inactions of the United States government may also impact
economic conditions. For example, the new U.S. administration may address issues related to the U.S. Federal budget and taxes, the national debt, international trade, the Affordable Care Act and
regulation generally differently than the prior U.S. administration, all of which may contribute, positively or negatively, to economic conditions generally and create economic uncertainty. 

        Several
of the risk factors discussed above and below identify risks that could result from, or be exacerbated by, financial market disruption, an economic slowdown or economic
uncertainty. These include risks discussed above related to our estimates of claims and claim adjustment expense reserves, and those discussed below related to our investment portfolio, the
competitive environment, emerging claim and coverage issues, reinsurance arrangements, other credit exposures, regulatory developments 

48

Table of Contents

and
the impact of rating agency actions. You should also refer to "Item 7—Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," particularly the
"Outlook" section, for additional information about these risks and the potential impact on our business. 

        Our investment portfolio is subject to credit and interest rate risk, and may suffer reduced returns or material realized or unrealized
losses.

    Investment returns are an important part of our overall profitability. Fixed maturity and short-term investments comprised approximately 93% of the
carrying value of our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2016. Changes in interest rates caused by inflation or other factors (inclusive of credit spreads) affect the carrying value of our
fixed maturity investments and returns on our fixed maturity and short-term investments. A decline in interest rates reduces the returns available on short-term investments and new fixed maturity
investments (including those purchased to re-invest maturities from the existing portfolio), thereby negatively impacting our net investment income, while rising interest rates reduce the market value
of existing fixed maturity investments, thereby negatively impacting our book value. During 2016, the net pre-tax unrealized gain in our fixed income portfolio decreased from $1.78 billion to
$865 million as interest rates increased. Any future increases in interest rates (inclusive of credit spreads) would result in a further decline in that unrealized gain position or in an
unrealized loss, thereby adversely impacting our book value. Interest rates in recent years have been and remain at very low levels relative to historical experience, and it is possible that rates may
remain at low levels for a prolonged period. The value of our fixed maturity and short-term investments is also subject to the risk that certain investments may default or become impaired due to a
deterioration in the financial condition of one or more issuers of the securities held in our portfolio, or due to a deterioration in the financial condition of an insurer that guarantees an issuer's
payments of such investments. Such defaults and impairments could reduce our net investment income and result in realized investment losses. During an economic downturn, fixed maturity and short-term
investments could be subject to a higher risk of default. Rapid changes in commodity prices, such as a significant decline in oil prices, could also subject certain of our investments to a higher risk
of default. 

        Our
fixed maturity investment portfolio is invested, in substantial part, in obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions (collectively referred to as the municipal
bond portfolio). Notwithstanding the relatively low historical rates of default on many of these obligations and notwithstanding that we typically seek to invest in high-credit-quality securities
(including those with structural protections such as being secured by dedicated or pledged sources of revenue), our municipal bond portfolio could be subject to default or impairment. In
particular:

•

 In recent years, many state and local governments have been operating under deficits or projected deficits. The severity and duration of these
deficits could have an adverse impact on the collectability and valuation of our municipal bond portfolio. These deficits may be exacerbated by the impact of unfunded pension plan obligations and
other postretirement obligations or by declining municipal tax bases and revenues in times of financial stress. 

•

 Some issuers may be unwilling to increase tax rates, or to reduce spending, to fund interest or principal payments on their municipal bonds, or
may be unable to access the municipal bond market to fund such payments. The risk of widespread defaults may increase if some issuers voluntarily choose to default, instead of implementing difficult
fiscal measures, and the actual or perceived consequences (such as reduced access to capital markets) are less severe than expected. 

•

 The risk of widespread defaults may also increase if there are changes in legislation that permit states, municipalities and political
subdivisions to file for bankruptcy protection where they were not permitted before. In addition, the collectability and valuation of municipal bonds may be adversely affected if there are judicial
interpretations in a bankruptcy or other proceeding that lessen the value of structural protections. For example, debtors may challenge the effectiveness 

49

Table of Contents

of
structural protections thought to be provided by municipal securities backed by a dedicated source of revenue. The collectability and valuation may also be adversely affected if there are judicial
interpretations in a bankruptcy or other proceeding that question the payment priority of municipal bonds. 

        Approximately
30% of the fixed maturity portfolio is expected to mature over the next three years (this includes the early redemption of bonds, assuming interest rates (including credit
spreads) do not rise significantly by applicable call dates). For a schedule of the contractual maturities of our fixed maturity portfolio by year for the next several years, see
"Item 7—Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Investment Portfolio." Of that maturing portfolio, a substantial amount
includes municipal bonds that have been pre-refunded with U.S. treasury securities. As a result, even if our investment strategy does not significantly change over the next few years, the overall
yield on and composition of our portfolio could be meaningfully impacted by the types of investments available for reinvestment with the proceeds of matured bonds. For example, if yields remain low
when we reinvest such proceeds, our future net investment income would be adversely affected. In addition, depending on the specific bonds available for purchase at the time of re-investment, the mix
of specific issuers in our fixed-income and municipal bond portfolio will change. 

        Our
portfolio has benefited from tax exemptions (such as those related to interest from municipal bonds) and certain other tax laws, including, but not limited to, those governing
dividends-received deductions and tax credits (such as foreign tax credits). Changes in these laws could adversely impact the value of our investment portfolio. See "Changes in U.S. tax laws or in the
tax laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate could adversely impact us" below. 

        Our
investment portfolio includes: residential mortgage-backed securities; collateralized mortgage obligations; pass-through securities and asset-backed securities collateralized by
sub-prime mortgages; commercial mortgage-backed securities; and wholly-owned real estate and real estate partnerships, all of which could be adversely impacted by declines in real estate valuations
and/or financial market disruption. 

        We
also invest a portion of our assets in equity securities, private equity limited partnerships, hedge funds and real estate partnerships. From time to time, we may also invest in other
types of non-fixed maturity investments, including investments with exposure to commodity price risk, such as oil. All of these asset classes are subject to greater volatility in their investment
returns than fixed maturity investments. General economic conditions, changes in applicable tax laws and many other factors beyond our control can adversely affect the value of our non-fixed maturity
investments and the realization of net investment income, and/or result in realized investment losses. As a result of these factors, we may realize reduced returns on these investments, incur losses
on sales of these investments and be required to write down the value of these investments, which could reduce our net investment income and result in realized investment losses. From time to time,
the Company enters into short positions in U.S. Treasury futures contracts to manage the duration of its fixed maturity portfolio, which can result in realized investment losses. 

        Our
investment portfolio is also subject to increased valuation uncertainties when investment markets are illiquid. The valuation of investments is more subjective when markets are
illiquid, thereby increasing the risk that the estimated fair value (i.e., the carrying amount) of the portion of the investment portfolio that is carried at fair value as reflected in our
financial statements is not reflective of prices at which actual transactions could occur. 

        Given
that economic and market conditions have been and could be highly uncertain, we may, depending on circumstances in the future, make changes to the mix of investments in our
investment portfolio. These changes may impact the duration, volatility and risk of our investment portfolio. 

50

Table of Contents

        Because
of the risks set forth above, the value of our investment portfolio could decrease, we could experience reduced net investment income and we could experience realized and/or
unrealized
investment losses, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and/or liquidity. 

         Our business could be harmed because of our potential exposure to asbestos and environmental claims and related litigation.

    With regard
to asbestos
claims, we have received and continue to receive a significant number of asbestos claims from policyholders (including others seeking coverage under a policy). Factors underlying these claim filings
include continued intensive advertising by lawyers seeking asbestos claimants and the continued focus by plaintiffs on defendants who were not traditionally primary targets of asbestos litigation. The
focus on these defendants is primarily the result of the number of traditional asbestos defendants who have sought bankruptcy protection in previous years. The bankruptcy of many traditional
defendants has also caused increased settlement demands against those policyholders who are not in bankruptcy but remain in the tort system. Currently, in many jurisdictions, those who allege very
serious injury and who can present credible medical evidence of their injuries are receiving priority trial settings in the courts, while those who have not shown any credible disease manifestation
are having their hearing dates delayed or placed on an inactive docket. This trend of prioritizing claims involving credible evidence of injuries, along with the focus on defendants who were not
traditionally primary targets of asbestos litigation, has contributed to the claims and claim adjustment expense payments we experienced. 

        We
also continue to be involved in coverage litigation concerning a number of policyholders, some of whom have filed for bankruptcy, who in some instances have asserted that all or a
portion of their asbestos-related claims are not subject to aggregate limits on coverage. In these instances, policyholders also may assert that each individual bodily injury claim should be treated
as a separate occurrence under the policy. It is difficult to predict whether these policyholders will be successful on both issues. To the extent both issues are resolved in a policyholder's favor
and our other defenses are not successful, our coverage obligations under the policies at issue would be materially increased and bounded only by the applicable per-occurrence limits and the number of
asbestos bodily injury claims against the policyholders. Although we have seen a moderation in the overall risk associated with these lawsuits, it remains difficult to predict the ultimate cost of
these claims. 

        Further,
in addition to claims against policyholders, proceedings have been launched directly against insurers, including us, by individuals challenging insurers' conduct with respect to
the handling of past asbestos claims and by individuals seeking damages arising from alleged asbestos-related bodily injuries. It is possible that the filing of other direct actions against insurers,
including us, could be made in the future. It is difficult to predict the outcome of these proceedings, including whether the plaintiffs will be able to sustain these actions against insurers based on
novel legal theories of liability. 

        With
regard to environmental claims, we have received and continue to receive claims from policyholders who allege that they are liable for injury or damage arising out of their alleged
disposition of toxic substances. Mostly, these claims arise under various legislative as well as regulatory efforts aimed at environmental remediation. For instance, the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA), enacted in 1980 and later modified, enables private parties as well as federal and state governments to take action with respect to releases and
threatened releases of hazardous substances. This federal statute permits the recovery of response costs from some liable
parties and may require liable parties to undertake their own remedial action. Liability under CERCLA and similar state laws may be imposed on certain parties even if they did not cause the release or
threatened release of hazardous substances and may be joint and several with other responsible parties. 

        The
Company has been, and continues to be, involved in litigation involving insurance coverage issues pertaining to asbestos and environmental claims. The Company believes that some
court 

51

Table of Contents

decisions
have interpreted the insurance coverage to be broader than the original intent of the insurers and policyholders. These decisions continue to be inconsistent and vary from jurisdiction to
jurisdiction. 

        Uncertainties
surrounding the final resolution of these asbestos and environmental claims continue, and it is difficult to estimate our ultimate liability for such claims and related
litigation. As a result, these reserves are subject to revision as new information becomes available and as claims develop. The continuing uncertainties include, without
limitation:

•

 the risks and lack of predictability inherent in complex litigation; 

•

 a further increase in the cost to resolve, and/or the number of, asbestos and environmental claims beyond that which is anticipated; 

•

 the emergence of a greater number of asbestos claims than anticipated as a result of extended life expectancies resulting from medical advances
and lifestyle improvements; 

•

 the role of any umbrella or excess policies we have issued; 

•

 the resolution or adjudication of disputes concerning coverage for asbestos and environmental claims in a manner inconsistent with our previous
assessment of these disputes; 

•

 the number and outcome of direct actions against us; 

•

 future developments pertaining to our ability to recover reinsurance for asbestos and environmental claims; 

•

 any impact on asbestos defendants we insure due to the bankruptcy of other asbestos defendants; 

•

 the unavailability of other insurance sources potentially available to policyholders, whether through exhaustion of policy limits or through
the insolvency of other participating insurers; and 

•

 uncertainties arising from the insolvency or bankruptcy of policyholders. 

        It
is also not possible to predict changes in the legal, regulatory and legislative environment and their impact on the future development of asbestos and environmental claims. This
environment could be affected by changes in applicable legislation and future court and regulatory decisions and interpretations, including the outcome of legal challenges to legislative and/or
judicial reforms
establishing medical criteria for the pursuit of asbestos claims. It is also difficult to predict the ultimate outcome of complex coverage disputes until settlement negotiations near completion and
significant legal questions are resolved or, failing settlement, until the dispute is adjudicated. This is particularly the case with policyholders in bankruptcy where negotiations often involve a
large number of claimants and other parties and require court approval to be effective. 

        While
the ongoing evaluation of asbestos and environmental claims and associated liabilities considers the inconsistencies of court decisions as to coverage, plaintiffs' expanded
theories of liability and the risks inherent in complex litigation and other uncertainties, it is possible that the outcome of the continued uncertainties regarding these claims could result in
liability in future periods that differs from current reserves by an amount that could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. See the "Asbestos Claims and Litigation" and
"Environmental Claims and Litigation" sections of "Item 7—Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." Also see
"Item 3—Legal Proceedings." 

         The intense competition that we face, and the impact of innovation, technological change and changing customer preferences on the insurance industry and the markets in which we
operate,
could harm our ability to maintain or increase our business volumes and our profitability.

    The property and casualty insurance industry is highly competitive, and
we believe that it will remain highly competitive for the foreseeable future. We compete with both domestic and foreign insurers which may 

52

Table of Contents

offer
products at prices and on terms that are not consistent with our economic standards in an effort to maintain or increase their business. The competitive environment in which we operate could
also be impacted by current general economic conditions, which could reduce the volume of business available to us as well as to our competitors. In recent years, pension and hedge funds and other
entities with substantial available capital and potentially lower return objectives have increasingly sought to participate in the property and casualty insurance and reinsurance businesses.
Well-capitalized new entrants to the property and casualty insurance and reinsurance industries, existing competitors that receive substantial infusions of capital, as well as competitors that can
take advantage of more favorable tax domiciles than the United States, may conduct business in ways that adversely impact our business volumes and profitability. Further, an expanded supply of
reinsurance capital may lower costs for insurers that rely significantly on reinsurance and, as a consequence, those insurers may be able to price their products more competitively. In addition, the
competitive environment could be impacted by changes in customer preferences, including customer demand for direct distribution channels, not only in personal lines (where we currently and may
increasingly compete against direct writers), but also in commercial lines (where direct writers may become a more significant source of competition in the future, particularly in the small commercial
market). Consolidation within the insurance industry also could alter the competitive environment in which we operate, which may impact our business volumes and/or the rates or terms of our products. 

        In
Personal Insurance, the use of comparative rating technologies has impacted, and may continue to impact, our business as well as the industry as a whole. A substantial amount of the
Company's Personal Insurance new business is written after an agent compares quotes using comparative rating technologies, a cost-efficient means of obtaining quotes from multiple companies. Because
the use of this technology, whether by agents or directly by customers, facilitates the process of generating multiple quotes, the technology has increased price comparison on new business and,
increasingly, on renewal business. It also has resulted in an increase in the level of quote activity and a lower percentage of quotes that result in new business from customers, and these trends may
continue or accelerate. If we are not able to operate with a competitive cost structure or accurately estimate and price for claims and claim adjustment expenses, our business volume and underwriting
margins could be adversely affected over time. Additionally, similar technology is starting to be used to access comparative rates for small commercial business and that trend may continue or
accelerate. 

        Technology
companies or other third parties have created, and may in the future create, digitally-enabled alternate distribution channels for personal or commercial business that may
adversely impact our competitive position. These alternative distribution channels may compete with us directly by providing, or arranging to provide, insurance coverage themselves. See also
"Disruptions to our relationships with our independent agents and brokers could adversely affect us" below. 

        Other
technological changes may present competitive risks. For example, innovations, such as telematics and other usage-based methods of determining premiums, can impact product design
and pricing and may become an increasingly important competitive factor. In addition, our competitive position could be impacted if we are unable to deploy, in a cost effective manner, technology that
collects and analyzes a wide variety of data points (so-called "big data" analysis) to make underwriting or other decisions, or if our competitors collect and use data which we do not have the ability
to access or use. See also "Our business success and profitability depend, in part, on effective information technology systems and on continuing to develop and implement improvements in technology"
below. 

        Competitive
dynamics may impact the success of efforts to improve our underwriting margins on our insurance products. These efforts could include seeking improved rates, as well as
improved terms and conditions, and could also include other initiatives, such as reducing operating expenses and acquisition costs. These efforts may not be successful and/or may result in lower
retention and new business levels and therefore lower business volumes. In addition, if our underwriting is not effective, further efforts to increase rates could also lead to "adverse selection",
whereby accounts retained have higher losses, and are less profitable, than accounts lost. For more detail, see "Item 7—Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations—Outlook." 

53

Table of Contents 

        Similar to other industries, the insurance industry is undergoing rapid and significant technological and other change. Traditional insurance industry
participants, technology companies, "InsurTech" start-up companies, the number of which has increased significantly in recent years, and others are focused on using technology and innovation to
simplify and improve the customer experience, increase efficiencies, redesign products, alter business models and effect other potentially disruptive changes in the insurance industry. If we do not
anticipate, keep pace with and adapt to technological and other changes impacting the insurance industry, it could harm our ability to compete, decrease the value of our products to customers, and
materially and adversely affect our business. Furthermore, innovation, technological change and changing customer preferences in the markets in which we operate also pose risks to our business. For
example, technologies such as driverless vehicles, assisted-driving technologies, technologies that facilitate ride or home sharing, smart homes or automation could reduce the demand for certain of
our products, create coverage issues or impact the frequency or severity of losses, and we may not be able to respond effectively. 

        Overall,
our competitive position in our various businesses is based on many factors, including but not limited to our:

•

 ability to profitably price our business, retain existing customers and obtain new business; 

•

 premiums charged, contract terms and conditions, products and services offered (including the ability to design customized programs); 

•

 agent, broker and policyholder relationships; 

•

 ability to keep pace relative to our competitors with changes in technology and information systems; 

•

 speed of claims payment; 

•

 ability to provide our products and services in a cost effective manner; 

•

 ability to adapt to changes in business models, technology, customer preferences or regulation impacting the markets in which we operate; 

•

 perceived overall financial strength and corresponding ratings assigned by independent rating agencies; 

•

 reputation, experience and qualifications of employees; 

•

 geographic scope of business; and 

•

 local presence. 

        We
may have difficulty in continuing to compete successfully on any of these bases in the future. If competition or technological or other changes to the markets in which we operate
limit our ability to retain existing business or write new business at adequate rates or on appropriate terms, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. See "Competition"
sections of the discussion on business segments in "Item 1—Business." 

         Disruptions to our relationships with our independent agents and brokers could adversely affect us

.    We market our insurance products
primarily
through independent agents and brokers. An important part of our business is written through less than a dozen such intermediaries. Further, there has been a trend of increased consolidation by agents
and brokers, which could impact our relationships with, and fees paid to, some agents and brokers, and/or otherwise negatively impact the pricing or distribution of our products. Agents and brokers
may increasingly compete with us to the extent that markets increasingly provide them with direct access to providers of capital seeking exposure to insurance risk. See also "The intense competition
that we face could harm our ability to maintain or increase our business volumes and our profitability." In all of the foregoing situations, loss 

54

Table of Contents

of
all or a substantial portion of the business provided through such agents and brokers could materially and adversely affect our future business volume and results of operations. 

        We
may also seek to develop new products or distribution channels, which could disrupt our relationships with our agents and brokers. In addition, agents and brokers may create alternate
distribution channels for commercial business that may adversely impact product differentiation and pricing. Access to greater levels of data and increased utilization of technology by agents and
brokers may also impact our relationship with them and our competitive position. In certain markets, brokers increasingly have been packaging portfolios of risks together and offering them to a
narrower range of carriers as well as, in some cases, requesting a commitment to participate in such portfolios in advance. Our efforts or their efforts with respect to new products or alternate
distribution channels, as well as changes in the way agents and brokers utilize data and technology, could adversely impact our business relationship with independent agents and brokers who currently
market our products, resulting in a lower volume and/or profitability of business generated from these sources. 

        We
rely on internet applications for the marketing and sale of certain of our products, and we may increasingly rely on internet applications and toll-free numbers for distribution. In
some instances, our agents and brokers are required to access separate business platforms to execute the sale of our personal insurance or commercial insurance products. Should internet disruptions
occur, or frustration with our business platforms or distribution initiatives develop among our independent agents and brokers, any resulting loss of business could materially and adversely affect our
future business volume and results of operations. See "If we experience difficulties with technology, data security and/or outsourcing relationships, our ability to conduct our business could be
negatively impacted" below. 

        Customers
in the past have brought claims against us for the actions of our agents. Even with proper controls in place, actual or alleged errors or inaccuracies by our agents could
result in our involvement in disputes, litigation or regulatory actions related to actions taken or not taken by our agents. 

         We are exposed to, and may face adverse developments involving, mass tort claims such as those relating to exposure to potentially harmful products or
substances.

    In addition to asbestos and environmental claims, we face exposure to other types of mass tort claims, including claims related to exposure to
potentially harmful products or substances, such as lead paint, silica and welding rod fumes. Establishing claims and claim adjustment expense reserves for mass tort claims is subject to uncertainties
because of many factors, including expanded theories of liability, disputes concerning medical causation with respect to certain diseases, geographical concentration of the lawsuits asserting the
claims and the potential for a large rise in the total number of claims without underlying epidemiological developments suggesting an increase in disease rates. Moreover, evolving judicial
interpretations regarding the application of various tort theories and defenses, including application of various theories of joint and several liabilities, as well as the application of insurance
coverage to these claims, make it difficult to estimate our ultimate liability for such claims. 

        Because
of the uncertainties set forth above, additional liabilities may arise for amounts in excess of the current related reserves. In addition, our estimate of claims and claim
adjustment expenses may change, and such change could be material. These additional liabilities or increases in estimates, or a range of either, cannot now be reasonably estimated and could materially
and adversely affect our results of operations. 

         The effects of emerging claim and coverage issues on our business are uncertain.

    As industry practices and legal, judicial, social and
other
environmental conditions change, unexpected and unintended issues related to claim and coverage may emerge. These issues may adversely affect our business, including by extending coverage beyond our
underwriting intent, by increasing the number, 

55

Table of Contents

size
or types of claims or by mandating changes to our underwriting practices. Examples of emerging claims and coverage issues include, but are not limited
to:

•

 judicial expansion of policy coverage and the impact of new or expanded theories of liability; 

•

 plaintiffs targeting property and casualty insurers, including us, in purported class action litigation relating to claims-handling and other
practices; 

•

 claims relating to construction defects, which often present complex coverage and damage valuation questions; 

•

 claims under directors' & officers' insurance policies relating to losses from involvement in financial market activities, such as
mortgage or financial product origination, distribution, structuring or servicing and foreclosure procedures; failed financial institutions; fraud; improper sales practices; possible accounting
irregularities; and corporate governance issues; 

•

 claims related to data and network security breaches, information system failures or cyber-attacks, including cases where coverage was not
intended to be provided; 

•

 the assertion of "public nuisance" or similar theories of liability, pursuant to which plaintiffs seek to recover monies spent to administer
public health care programs, abate hazards to public health and safety and/or recover damages purportedly attributable to a "public nuisance"; 

•

 claims related to liability or workers' compensation arising out of the spread of infectious disease or pandemic; 

•

 claims relating to abuse by an employee or a volunteer of an insured; 

•

 claims that link health issues to particular causes (for example, cumulative traumatic head injury from sports or other causes), resulting in
liability or workers' compensation claims; 

•

 claims alleging that one or more of our underwriting criteria have a disparate impact on persons belonging to a protected class in violation of
the law, including the Fair Housing Act; 

•

 claims arising out of modern techniques and practices used in connection with the extraction of natural resources, such as hydraulic fracturing
or wastewater injection; 

•

 claims arising out of the use of personal cars, homes or other property in commercial transactions, such as ride or home sharing; 

•

 claims relating to unanticipated consequences of current or new technologies or business models or processes, including as a result of related
behavioral changes; and 

•

 claims relating to potentially changing climate conditions, including higher frequency and severity of weather-related events. 

        In
some instances, these emerging issues may not become apparent for some time after we have issued the affected insurance policies. As a result, the full extent of liability under our
insurance policies may not be known for many years after the policies are issued. 

        In
addition, the potential passage of new legislation designed to expand the right to sue, to remove limitations on recovery, to deem by statute the existence of a covered occurrence, to
extend the statutes of limitations or otherwise to repeal or weaken tort reforms could have an adverse impact on our business. 

        The
effects of these and other unforeseen emerging claim and coverage issues are extremely hard to predict and could harm our business and materially and adversely affect our results of
operations. 

56

Table of Contents

         We may not be able to collect all amounts due to us from reinsurers, reinsurance coverage may not be available to us in the future at commercially reasonable rates or at all and we
are
exposed to credit risk related to our structured settlements.

    Although the reinsurer is liable to us to the extent of the ceded reinsurance, we remain liable as
the direct insurer on all risks reinsured. As a result, ceded reinsurance arrangements do not eliminate our obligation to pay claims. Accordingly, we are subject to credit risk with respect to our
ability to recover amounts due from reinsurers. 

        In
the past, certain reinsurers have ceased writing business and entered into runoff. Some of our reinsurance claims may be disputed by the reinsurers, and we may ultimately receive
partial or no payment. This is a particular risk in the case of claims that relate to insurance policies written many years ago, including those relating to asbestos and environmental claims. In
addition, in a number of jurisdictions, particularly the European Union and the United Kingdom, a reinsurer is permitted to transfer a reinsurance arrangement to another reinsurer, which may be less
creditworthy, without a counterparty's consent, provided that the transfer has been approved by the applicable regulatory and/or court authority. 

        Included
in reinsurance recoverables are amounts related to certain structured settlements. Structured settlements are annuities purchased from various life insurance companies to settle
certain personal physical injury claims, of which workers' compensation claims comprise a significant portion. In cases where we did not receive a release from the claimant, the structured settlement
is included in reinsurance recoverables and the related claim cost is included in the liability for claims and claim adjustment expense reserves, as we retain the contingent liability to the claimant.
Some of the life insurance companies from which we have purchased structured settlements have been downgraded to below investment grade credit ratings subsequent to the time of the purchase. If it is
expected that the life insurance company is not able to pay, we would recognize an impairment of the related reinsurance recoverable if, and to the extent, the purchased annuities are not covered by
state guaranty associations. In the event that the life insurance company fails to make the required annuity payments, we would be required to make such payments. For a discussion of our top
reinsurance groups by reinsurance recoverable and the top five groups by amount of structured settlements provided, see "Item 7—Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations—Reinsurance Recoverables." 

        The
availability and cost of reinsurance are subject to prevailing market conditions, both in terms of price and available capacity. The availability of reinsurance capacity can be
impacted by general economic conditions and conditions in the reinsurance market, such as the occurrence of significant reinsured events. The availability and cost of reinsurance could affect our
business volume and profitability. In addition, certain countries, particularly in Europe, recently have been pressuring the U.S. to reduce its regulatory requirements for U.S. ceding companies to
obtain collateral from reinsurers located outside the United States which, if successful, could make it more difficult for U.S. companies, including us, to obtain sufficient collateral, if any, in
such reinsurance arrangements. 

        Because
of the risks set forth above, we may not be able to collect all amounts due to us from reinsurers, and reinsurance coverage may not be available to us in the future at
commercially reasonable rates or at all, and/or life insurance companies may fail to make required annuity payments, and thus our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

         We are also exposed to credit risk in certain of our insurance operations and with respect to certain guarantee or indemnification arrangements that we have with third
parties.

    In addition to exposure to credit risk related to our investment portfolio and reinsurance recoverables (discussed above), we are
exposed to credit risk in several other areas of our business operations, including credit risk relating to policyholders, independent agents and brokers. 

        We
are exposed to credit risk in our surety insurance operations, where we guarantee to a third party that our customer will satisfy certain performance obligations (e.g., a
construction contract) or 

57

Table of Contents

certain
financial obligations, including exposure to large customers who may have obligations to multiple third parties. If our customer defaults, we may suffer losses and not be reimbursed by that
customer. In addition, it is customary practice in the surety business for multiple insurers to participate as co-sureties on large surety bonds. Under these arrangements, the co-surety obligations
are typically joint and several, in which case we are also exposed to credit risk with respect to our co-sureties. 

        In
addition, a portion of our business is written with large deductible insurance policies. Under casualty insurance contracts with deductible features, we are obligated to pay the
claimant the full amount of the settled claim. We are subsequently reimbursed by the contractholder for the deductible amount, and, as a result, we are exposed to credit risk to the policyholder.
Moreover, certain policyholders purchase retrospectively rated workers' compensation and/or general liability policies (i.e., policies in which premiums are adjusted after the policy period
based on the actual loss experience of the policyholder during the policy period). Retrospectively rated policies expose us to additional credit risk to the extent that the adjusted premium is greater
than the original premium. 

        Our
efforts to mitigate the credit risk that we have to our insureds may not be successful. To reduce such credit risk, we require certain insureds to post collateral for some or all of
these obligations, often in the form of pledged securities such as money market funds or letters of credit provided by banks, surety bonds or cash. In cases where we receive pledged securities and the
insureds are unable to honor their obligations, we may be exposed to credit risk on the securities pledged and/or the risk that our access to that collateral may be stayed during an insured's
bankruptcy. In cases where we receive letters of credit from banks and the insureds are unable to honor their obligations, we are exposed to the credit risk of the banks that issued the letters of
credit. 

        In
accordance with industry practice, when policyholders purchase insurance policies from us through independent agents and brokers, the premiums relating to those policies are often
paid to the agents and brokers for payment to us. In most jurisdictions, the premiums will be deemed to have been paid to us whether or not they are actually received by us. Consequently, we assume a
degree of credit risk associated with amounts due from independent agents and brokers. 

        To
a large degree, the credit risk we face is a function of the economy; accordingly, we face a greater risk in an economic downturn. While we attempt to manage the risks discussed above
through underwriting guidelines, collateral requirements and other oversight mechanisms, our efforts may not be successful. For example, collateral obtained may subsequently have little or no value.
Further, the amount of collateral protection we have been able to obtain on the business we write in certain markets has decreased, and may continue to decrease, as a result of competition. We are
also exposed to credit risk related to certain guarantee or indemnification arrangements that we have with third parties. See note 16 of notes to the consolidated financial statements. As a
result, our exposure to the above credit risks could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 

         Within the United States, our businesses are heavily regulated by the states in which we conduct business, including licensing and supervision, and changes in regulation may reduce
our
profitability and limit our growth.

    These regulatory systems are generally designed to protect the interests of policyholders, and not necessarily the interests of
insurers, their shareholders and other investors. For example, to protect policyholders whose insurance company becomes financially insolvent, guaranty funds have been established in all 50 states to
pay the covered claims of policyholders in the event of an insolvency of an insurer, subject to applicable state limits. The funding of guaranty funds is provided through assessments levied against
remaining insurers in the marketplace. As a result, the insolvency of one or more insurance companies could result in additional assessments levied against us. In addition, several states restrict the
timing and/or the ability of an insurer to discontinue writing a line of business or to cancel or non-renew certain policies. 

        These
regulatory systems also address authorization for lines of business, statutory capital and surplus requirements, limitations on the types and amounts of certain investments,
underwriting 

58

Table of Contents

limitations,
transactions with affiliates, dividend limitations, changes in control, premium rates and a variety of other financial and non-financial components of an insurer's business including,
most recently, cyber-security. 

        The
state insurance regulatory framework has been under continuing scrutiny, and some state legislatures have considered or enacted laws that may alter or increase state authority to
regulate insurance companies and insurance holding companies. Further, the NAIC and state insurance regulators continually re-examine existing laws and regulations, specifically focusing on
modifications to holding company regulations, interpretations of existing laws and the development of new laws and regulations. 

        As
part of these changes, insurance holding company regulations were amended to require insurers who are part of a holding company system to file an enterprise risk report to provide the
lead insurance regulator with a summary of the company's Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework including the material risks within the insurance holding company system that could pose risk to the
insurance entities within the holding company system. Insurers having premium volume above certain thresholds, including the Company, are also required to perform at least annually a self-assessment
of their current and future risks, including their likely future solvency position (known as an own risk and solvency assessment or ORSA) and file a confidential report with the insurer's lead
insurance regulator. The requirement for an insurer to conduct an ORSA is intended to foster an effective level of ERM at all insurers within a holding company system, and to provide a group-wide
perspective on risk and capital as a supplement to the legal entity view. ORSA is now included in the International Association of Insurance Supervisors (IAIS) standards and is in various stages of
implementation in the United States, Europe, Canada, and other jurisdictions. It is possible that, as a result of ORSA and the manner in which it may be used by insurance regulators, our states of
domicile or other regulatory bodies may require changes in our ERM process (e.g., prescribe the use of specific models or the application of certain assumptions in the Company's models) that
have the effect of limiting our ability to write certain risks, limit our risk appetite to write additional business or reduce our capital management flexibility. See "Enterprise Risk Management" for
further discussion of the Company's ERM. 

        The
NAIC and state insurance regulators, as well as the Federal Reserve and Federal Insurance Office, are currently working with the IAIS to develop a global common framework (ComFrame)
for the supervision of internationally active insurance groups (IAIGs). If adopted, ComFrame would require the designation of a group-wide supervisor (regulator) for each IAIG and would impose a group
capital requirement that would be applied to an IAIG in addition to the current legal entity capital requirements imposed by state insurance regulators. In response to ComFrame, the NAIC developed a
model law that allows state insurance regulators in the U.S. to be designated as group-wide supervisors for U.S. based IAIGs. Additionally, the NAIC is developing a group capital analytical tool that
would be applied to U.S. based insurance groups in addition to the risk-based capital (RBC) requirement that is applied on a legal entity basis. These regulatory developments could increase the amount
of capital that the Company is required to have and could result in the Company being subject to increased regulatory requirements. 

        Regulators
may choose to adopt more restrictive insurance laws and regulations that could, among other things, restrict the ability of insurance subsidiaries to distribute funds to their
parent companies or they could reject rate increases due to the economic environment. The state insurance regulators may also increase the statutory capital and surplus requirements for our insurance
subsidiaries. In addition, state tax laws that specifically impact the insurance industry, such as premium taxes or other taxes, could be enacted or changed by states to raise revenues. 

        State
laws or regulations that are adopted or amended may be more restrictive than current laws or regulations and may result in lower revenues and/or higher costs of compliance and thus
could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and limit our growth. 

59

Table of Contents

         A downgrade in our claims-paying and financial strength ratings could adversely impact our business volumes, adversely impact our ability to access the capital markets and increase
our
borrowing costs.

    Claims-paying and financial strength ratings are important to an insurer's competitive position. Rating agencies periodically review insurers'
ratings and change their ratings criteria; therefore, our current ratings may not be maintained in the future. A downgrade in one or more of our ratings could negatively impact our business volumes
because demand for certain of our products may be reduced, particularly because many customers may require that we maintain minimum ratings to enter into, maintain or renew business with us.
Additionally, we may find it more difficult to access the capital markets and we may incur higher borrowing costs. If significant losses, including, but not limited to, those resulting from one or
more major catastrophes, or significant reserve additions or significant investment losses were to cause our capital position to deteriorate significantly, or if one or more rating agencies
substantially increase their capital requirements, we may need to raise equity capital in the future (which we may not be able to do at a reasonable cost or at all, especially at a time of financial
market disruption) in order to maintain our ratings or limit the extent of a downgrade. A continued trend of more frequent and severe weather-related catastrophes or a prolonged financial market
disruption or economic downturn may lead rating agencies to substantially increase their capital requirements. See also "During or following a period of financial market disruption or economic
downturn, our business could be materially and adversely affected." For further discussion about our ratings, see "Item 1—Business—Ratings." 

         The inability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends to our holding company in sufficient amounts would harm our ability to meet our obligations, pay future shareholder
dividends
or make future share repurchases.

    Our holding company relies on dividends from our U.S. insurance subsidiaries to meet our obligations for payment of interest and
principal on outstanding debt, to pay dividends to shareholders, to make contributions to our qualified domestic pension plan, to pay other corporate expenses and to make share repurchases. The
ability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends to our holding company in the future will depend on their statutory capital and surplus, earnings and regulatory restrictions. 

        We
are subject to state insurance regulation as an insurance holding company system. Our U.S. insurance subsidiaries are subject to various regulatory restrictions that limit the maximum
amount of dividends available to be paid to their parent without prior approval of insurance regulatory authorities. In a time of prolonged economic downturn or otherwise, insurance regulators may
choose to further restrict the ability of insurance subsidiaries to make payments to their parent companies. The ability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends to our holding company is also
restricted by regulations that set standards of solvency that must be met and maintained. 

        The
inability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends to our holding company in an amount sufficient to meet our debt service obligations and other cash requirements could harm
our ability to meet our obligations, to pay future shareholder dividends and to make share repurchases. 

         Our efforts to develop new products or expand in targeted markets may not be successful and may create enhanced risks.

    A number of our
recent and
planned business initiatives involve developing new products or expanding existing products in targeted markets. This includes the following efforts, from time to time, to protect or grow market
share:

•

 We may develop products that insure risks we have not previously insured, contain new coverage or coverage terms or contain different
commission terms. 

•

 We may refine our underwriting processes. 

•

 We may seek to expand distribution channels. 

•

 We may focus on geographic markets within or outside of the United States where we have had relatively little or no market share. 

60

Table of Contents

        We
may not be successful in introducing new products or expanding in targeted markets and, even if we are successful, these efforts may create enhanced risks. Among other
risks:

•

 Demand for new products or in new markets may not meet our expectations. 

•

 To the extent we are able to market new products or expand in new markets, our risk exposures may change, and the data and models we use to
manage such exposures may not be as sophisticated or effective as those we use in existing markets or with existing products. This, in turn, could lead to losses in excess of our expectations. 

•

 Models underlying automated underwriting and pricing decisions may not be effective. 

•

 Efforts to develop new products or markets have the potential to create or increase distribution channel conflict, such as described above
under "—Disruptions to our relationships with our independent agents and brokers could adversely affect us." 

•

 In connection with the conversion of existing policyholders to a new product, some policyholders' pricing may increase, while the pricing for
other policyholders may decrease, the net impact of which could negatively impact retention and profit margins. 

•

 To develop new products or markets, we may need to make substantial capital and operating expenditures, which may also negatively impact
results in the near term. 

        If
our efforts to develop new products or expand in targeted markets are not successful, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

         We may be adversely affected if our pricing and capital models provide materially different indications than actual results.

    The
profitability of our
property and casualty business substantially depends on the extent to which our actual claims experience is consistent with the assumptions we use in pricing our policies. We utilize proprietary and
third party models to help us price business in a manner that is intended to be consistent, over time, with actual results and return objectives. We incorporate the Company's historical loss
experience, external industry data and economic indices into our modeling processes, and we use various methods, including predictive modeling, forecasting and sophisticated simulation modeling
techniques, to analyze loss trends and the risks associated with our assets and liabilities. We also use these modeling processes, analyses and methods in making underwriting, pricing and reinsurance
decisions as part of managing our exposure to catastrophes and other extreme adverse events. These modeling processes incorporate numerous assumptions and forecasts about the future level and
variability of: frequency and severity of losses, inflation, interest rates and capital requirements, among others, that are difficult to make and may differ materially from actual results. 

        Whether
we use a proprietary or third party model, future experience may be materially different from past and current experience incorporated in a model's forecasts or simulations. This
includes the likelihood of events occurring or continuing or the correlation among events. Third party models may provide substantially different indications than what our proprietary modeling
processes provide. As a result, third party model estimates of losses can be, and often have been, materially different for similar events in comparison to our proprietary estimates. The differences
between third party model estimates and our proprietary estimates are driven by the use of different data sets as well as different assumptions and forecasts regarding the frequency and severity of
events and claims arising from the events. 

        If
we fail to appropriately price the risks we insure, or fail to change our pricing models to appropriately reflect our current experience, or if our claims experience is more frequent
or severe than our underlying risk assumptions, our profit margins may be negatively affected. If we underestimate the frequency and/or severity of extreme adverse events occurring, our financial
condition may be adversely affected. If we overestimate the risks we are exposed to, we may overprice our products, and new 

61

Table of Contents

business
growth and retention of our existing business may be adversely affected. As we expand into different markets and geographies, we will write more policies in markets and geographical areas
where we have less data specific to these new markets and geographies, and, accordingly, we may be more susceptible to error in our models and strategy. See "Item 7—Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Catastrophe Modeling." 

        Our business success and profitability depend, in part, on effective information technology systems and on continuing to develop and implement improvements in
technology.

    We depend in large part on our technology systems for conducting business and processing claims, as well as for providing the data and analytics we
utilize to manage our business, and thus our business success is dependent on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and on continuing to develop and enhance technology systems
that support our business processes and strategic initiatives in a cost and resource efficient manner. Some system development projects are long-term in nature, may negatively impact our expense
ratios as we invest in the projects and may cost more than we expect to complete. In addition, system development projects may not deliver the benefits or perform as expected, or may be replaced or
become obsolete more quickly than expected, which could result in operational difficulties, additional costs or accelerated recognition of expenses. If we do not effectively and efficiently manage and
upgrade our technology portfolio, or if the costs of doing so are higher than we expect, our ability to provide competitive services to, and conduct business with, new and existing customers in a cost
effective manner and our ability to implement our strategic initiatives could be adversely impacted. 

         If we experience difficulties with technology, data and network security (including as a result of cyber attacks), outsourcing relationships, or cloud-based technology, our ability
to
conduct our business could be negatively impacted.

    While technology can streamline many business processes and ultimately reduce the cost of operations, technology
initiatives present significant risks. Our business is highly dependent upon our employees' ability to perform, in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, necessary business functions. A shut-down of,
or inability to access, one or more of our facilities (including our primary data processing facility); a power outage; or a failure of one or more of our information technology, telecommunications or
other systems could significantly impair our ability to perform such functions on a timely basis, particularly if such an interruption lasts for an extended period of time. In the event of a computer
virus or disaster such as a natural catastrophe, terrorist attack or industrial accident, our systems could be inaccessible for an extended period of time. In addition, because our information
technology and telecommunications systems increasingly interface with and depend on third-party systems, including cloud-based, we could experience service denials or failures of controls if demand
for our service exceeds capacity or a third-party system fails or experiences an interruption. Business interruptions and failures of controls could also result if our internal systems do not
interface with each other as intended. Business continuity can also be disrupted by an event, such as a pandemic, that renders large numbers of a workforce unable to work as needed, particularly at
critical locations; for example, our largest location employs about 20% of our employees. If our business continuity plans did not sufficiently address a business interruption, system failure or
service denial, this could result in a deterioration of our ability to write and process new and renewal business, provide customer service, pay claims in a timely manner or perform other necessary
business functions. 

        Our
operations rely on the reliable and secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. Computer viruses, hackers
(including individuals, organizations or rogue states) and employee or vendor misconduct, and other external hazards, could expose our data systems to security breaches, cyber-attacks or other
disruptions. In addition, we routinely transmit and receive personal, confidential and proprietary information by e-mail and other electronic means. While we attempt to develop secure transmission
capabilities with third-party vendors and others with whom we do business, we may be unable to put in place secure 

62

Table of Contents

capabilities
with all of such vendors and third parties and, in addition, these third parties may not have appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of the information. 

        Like
other global companies, our computer systems are regularly subject to and will continue to be the target of computer viruses, malware or other malicious codes, unauthorized access,
cyber-attacks or other computer-related penetrations. While we have experienced threats to our data and systems, to date, we are not aware that we have experienced a material cyber-security breach.
However, over time, the sophistication of these threats continues to increase. Our administrative and technical controls as well as other preventative actions we take to reduce the risk of cyber
incidents and protect our information may be insufficient to detect or prevent unauthorized access, other physical and electronic break-ins, cyber-attacks or other security breaches to our computer
systems or those of third parties with whom we do business. In addition, new technology that could result in greater operational efficiency may further expose our computer systems to the risk of
cyber-attacks. 

        We
have outsourced certain technology and business process functions to third parties and may increasingly do so in the future. If we do not effectively develop, implement and monitor
our outsourcing relationships, if third party providers do not perform as anticipated, if we experience technological or other problems with a transition, or if outsourcing relationships relevant to
our business process functions are terminated, we may not realize expected productivity improvements or cost efficiencies and may experience operational difficulties, increased costs and a loss of
business. Our outsourcing of certain technology and business process functions to third parties may expose us to increased risk related to data security, service disruptions or the effectiveness of
our control system, which could result in monetary and reputational damages or harm to our competitive position. See also "We could be adversely affected if our controls designed to ensure compliance
with guidelines, policies and legal and regulatory standards are not effective." In addition to risks caused by third party providers, our ability to receive services from third party providers
outside of the United States might be impacted by cultural differences, political instability, unanticipated regulatory requirements or public policy inside or outside of the United States. 

        The
increased risks identified above could expose us to data loss, disruption of service, monetary and reputational damages, competitive disadvantage and significant increases in
compliance costs and costs to improve the security and resiliency of our computer systems. The compromise of personal, confidential or proprietary information could also subject us to legal liability
or regulatory action under evolving cyber-security, data protection and privacy laws and regulations enacted by the U.S. federal and state governments, Canada, the European Union or other
jurisdictions or by various regulatory organizations or exchanges. As a result, our ability to conduct our business and our results of operations might be materially and adversely affected. 

         Changes in U.S. tax laws or in the tax laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate could adversely impact us.

    Tax laws may change
in ways that
adversely impact us. For example, federal tax legislation could be enacted to reduce the existing statutory U.S. federal corporate income tax rate from 35%, which would, accordingly, reduce any U.S.
deferred tax asset. The amount of any net deferred tax asset is volatile and significantly impacted by changes in unrealized investment gains and losses. The effect of a reduction in a tax rate on net
deferred tax assets is required to be recognized, in full, as a reduction of income from continuing operations in the period when enacted and, along with other changes in the tax rules that may
increase the Company's actual tax expense, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, a reduction in the existing statutory U.S. federal corporate income tax rate
could increase the after-tax effect of future significant loss events and our after-tax borrowing costs. 

        Our
investment portfolio has benefited from certain tax exemptions and certain other tax laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, those governing dividends-received
deductions and tax credits (such as foreign tax credits). Federal and/or state tax legislation could be enacted in connection with 

63

Table of Contents

deficit
reduction or various types of fundamental tax reform that would lessen or eliminate some or all of the tax advantages currently benefiting us and therefore could materially and adversely
impact our results of operations. In addition, such legislation could adversely affect the value of our investment portfolio, particularly changes to the taxation of interest from municipal bonds
(which comprise 45% of our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2016), which could materially and adversely impact the value of those bonds. 

        Other
tax law changes could materially and adversely impact our results of operations. For example, budget constraints faced by many states and localities increase the likelihood that
state and local governments will raise revenue by enacting legislation increasing the taxes paid by individuals and corporations. In addition, any federal tax reform that is designed to reduce the
U.S. federal corporate income tax rate in a "revenue neutral" manner could include other provisions that materially increase our taxable income or otherwise increase our cost of doing business. For
example, potential tax reform in the United States could include a destination-based, border-adjustable consumption tax system and/or tariffs that could impact the cost of reinsurance and/or imported
materials which could increase our loss costs. 

         We are also subject to a number of additional risks associated with our business outside the United States.

    We conduct business outside
the United
States primarily in Canada, the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland. In addition, we conduct business in Brazil, primarily through a joint venture,
and we have an indirect interest in a joint venture in Colombia. We may also explore opportunities in other countries, including other Latin American countries and other emerging markets such as
India. 

        In
conducting business outside of the United States, we are also subject to a number of additional risks, particularly in emerging economies. These risks include restrictions such as
price controls, capital controls, currency exchange limits, ownership limits and other restrictive or anti-competitive governmental actions or requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our
business and our reputation. A portion of our premiums from outside of the United States is generated in Canada, a substantial portion of which consists of automobile premiums from the province of
Ontario, which is a highly regulated market. Our business activities outside the United States may also subject us to currency risk and, in some markets, it may be difficult to effectively hedge that
risk, or we may choose not to hedge that risk. In addition, in some markets, we may invest as part of a joint venture with a local counterparty. Because our governance rights may be limited, we may
not have control over the ability of the joint venture to make certain decisions and/or mitigate risks it faces, and significant disagreements with a joint venture counterparty may adversely impact
our investment and/or reputation. Our business activities outside the United States could subject us to increased volatility in earnings resulting from the need to recognize and subsequently revise a
valuation allowance associated with income taxes if we became unable to fully utilize any deferred tax assets, including loss carry-forwards from those foreign operations. Also, political instability,
particularly in emerging economies, and changing market conditions around the globe, could result in financial market disruption or an economic downturn in such regions. 

        Our
business activities outside the United States also subject us to additional domestic and foreign laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar laws in
other countries that prohibit the making of improper payments to foreign officials. Although we have policies and controls in place that are designed to ensure compliance with these laws, if those
controls are ineffective and an employee or intermediary fails to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could suffer civil and criminal penalties and our business and our reputation could be
adversely affected. Some countries, particularly emerging economies, have laws and regulations that lack clarity and, even with local expertise and effective controls, it can be difficult to determine
the exact requirements of, and potential liability under, the local laws. In some jurisdictions, including Brazil, parties to a joint venture may, in some circumstances, have liability for some
obligations of the venture, 

64

Table of Contents

and
that liability may extend beyond the capital invested. Failure to comply with local laws in a particular market may result in substantial liability and could have a significant and negative effect
not only on our business in that market but also on our reputation generally. 

        In
addition, competition for skilled employees in developing markets and other non-U.S. locations may be intense. If we are not able to hire, integrate, motivate and retain a sufficient
number of employees
with the knowledge and background necessary for our global businesses, those businesses and our results of operations may be adversely affected. 

         Regulatory changes outside of the United States, including in Canada and the European Union, could adversely impact our results of operations and limit our
growth.

    Insurance laws or regulations that are adopted or amended in jurisdictions outside the U.S. may be more restrictive than current laws or regulations and
may result in lower revenues and/or higher costs of compliance and thus could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and limit our growth. 

        In
particular, the European Union's executive body, the European Commission, implemented new capital adequacy and risk management regulations called Solvency II on January 1, 2016
that apply to the Company's businesses across the European Union. Under Solvency II, it is possible that the U.S. parent of a European Union subsidiary could be subject to certain Solvency II
requirements if the regulator determines that the subsidiary's capital position is dependent on the parent company and the U.S. parent is not already subject to regulations deemed "equivalent" to
Solvency II. In addition, regulators in countries where the Company has operations are working with the International Association of Insurance Supervisors (IAIS) (and with the NAIC, the Federal
Reserve and FIO in the U.S.) to consider changes to insurance company supervision, including group supervision and group capital requirements. 

        The
IAIS has developed a methodology for identifying "global systemically important insurers" (G-SIIs) and high level policy measures that will apply to the G-SIIs. The methodology and
measures were endorsed by the Financial Stability Board (FSB) created by the G-20. Using the IAIS methodology, the FSB, working with national authorities and the IAIS, identified nine insurers in
November 2016 that they designated as G-SIIs. The IAIS is working on the policy measures which include higher capital requirements and enhanced supervision. The Company has not been designated as a
G-SII by the FSB; however, the FSB updates the list annually, and it is possible that the methodologies could be amended or interpreted differently in the future and the Company could be named as a
G-SII. 

        The
IAIS is also in the process of developing the Common Framework for the Supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups (ComFrame). As the current draft of ComFrame is
completed, it likely will lead to similar policy measures as those being developed for G-SIIs being made applicable to internationally active insurance groups (or "IAIGs"), including group
supervision, group capital requirements, and resolution planning, i.e., a written plan developed by a financial group detailing how it would be wound down in the event of an insolvency. The
IAIS is currently in the process of field testing the group capital requirements. The Company would be considered an Internationally Active Insurance Group under the current Consultation Draft. It is
possible that ComFrame, if adopted, could lead to enhanced supervision and higher capital standards on a global basis if the IAIS, the NAIC and the individual states adopt the proposed or similar
provisions. 

        While
it is not yet known how or if these actions will impact us, such regulation could result in increased costs of compliance, increased disclosure and less flexibility in our capital
management, and could adversely impact our results of operations and limit our growth. 

65

Table of Contents

         Loss of or significant restrictions on the use of particular types of underwriting criteria, such as credit scoring, or other data or methodologies, in the pricing and underwriting
of
our products could reduce our future profitability.

    Our underwriting profitability depends in large part on our ability to competitively price our products at a
level that will adequately compensate us for the risks assumed. As a result, risk selection and pricing through the application of actuarially sound and segmented underwriting criteria is critical.
However, laws or regulations, or judicial or administrative findings, could significantly curtail the use of particular types of underwriting criteria. For example, we may use credit scoring as a
factor in pricing decisions where allowed by state law. Some consumer groups and/or regulators have alleged that the use of credit scoring violates the law by discriminating against persons belonging
to a protected class and are calling for the prohibition or restrictions on the use of credit scoring in underwriting and pricing. A variety of other underwriting criteria and other data or
methodologies used in personal and commercial insurance have been and continue to be criticized by regulators, government agencies, consumer groups or individuals on similar or other grounds.
Resulting regulatory actions or litigation could result in negative publicity and/or generate adverse rules or findings, such as curtailing the use of important underwriting criteria, or other data or
methodologies, each of which could adversely affect our future profitability. 

         Acquisitions and integration of acquired businesses may result in operating difficulties and other unintended consequences.

    From time
to time we may
investigate and pursue acquisition opportunities if we believe that such opportunities are consistent with our long-term objectives and that the potential rewards of an acquisition justify the risks.
The process of integrating an acquired company or business can be complex and costly, however, and may create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. For example, acquisitions may present
significant risks, including:

•

 the potential disruption of our ongoing business; 

•

 the ineffective integration of, or other difficulties with, underwriting, risk management, claims handling, information technology and
actuarial practices; 

•

 uncertainties related to an acquiree's reserve estimates and its design and operation of internal controls over financial reporting; 

•

 the diversion of management time and resources to acquisition integration challenges; 

•

 the loss of key employees; 

•

 unforeseen liabilities; 

•

 difficulties in achieving the strategic objectives of an acquisition, including the business, financial, technological or distribution
objectives; 

•

 the cultural challenges associated with integrating employees; and 

•

 the impact on our financial position and/or credit ratings. 

        Acquired
businesses may not perform as projected, any cost savings and other synergies anticipated from the acquisition may not materialize and costs associated with the integration may
be greater than anticipated. Acquired businesses may not be successfully integrated, resulting in substantial costs or delays and adversely affecting our ability to compete. Accordingly, our results
of operations might be materially and adversely affected. 

         We could be adversely affected if our controls designed to ensure compliance with guidelines, policies and legal and regulatory standards are not
effective.

    Our business is highly dependent on our ability to engage on a daily basis in a large number of insurance underwriting, claim processing and investment
activities, many of which are highly complex. These activities often are subject to internal guidelines and policies, as well as legal and regulatory standards. A control system, no matter how well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance that the control system's objectives will 

66

Table of Contents

be
met. If our controls are not effective, it could lead to financial loss, unanticipated risk exposure (including underwriting, credit and investment risk), errors in financial reporting or damage to
our reputation. See also "If we experience difficulties with technology, data and network security, outsourcing relationships, or cloud-based technology, our ability to conduct our business could be
negatively impacted." 

        In
addition, ineffective controls, including with respect to any joint ventures or recently acquired businesses, could lead to litigation or regulatory action. The volume of claims and
amount of damages and penalties claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against various types of financial institutions have increased in recent years. Substantial legal liability or
significant regulatory action against us could have a material adverse financial impact. See note 16 of notes to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of certain legal
proceedings in which we are involved. 

        Our businesses may be adversely affected if we are unable to hire and retain qualified employees

.    There is significant competition from
within the
property and casualty insurance industry and from businesses outside the industry for qualified employees, especially those in key positions and those possessing highly specialized knowledge in areas
such as underwriting, data and analytics, technology and e-commerce. Our performance is largely dependent on the talents, efforts and proper conduct of highly-skilled individuals, including our senior
executives (many of whom have decades of experience in the insurance industry), and the Board of Directors regularly engages in succession discussions. See "Item 10—Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance" for more information relating to our executive officers, including our senior leaders. For many of our senior positions, we
compete for talent not just with insurance or financial service companies, but with other large companies and other businesses. Our continued ability to compete effectively in our businesses and to
expand into new business areas depends on our ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate our existing employees. If we are not able to successfully attract, retain and motivate our
employees, our business, financial results and reputation could be materially and adversely affected. 

         Intellectual property is important to our business, and we may be unable to protect and enforce our own intellectual property or we may be subject to claims for infringing the
intellectual property of others.

    Our success depends in part upon our ability to protect our proprietary trademarks, technology and other intellectual property.
See "Item 1—Other Information—Intellectual Property." We may not, however, be able to protect our intellectual property from unauthorized use and disclosure by others.
Further, the intellectual property laws may not prevent our competitors from independently developing trademarks, products and services that are similar to ours. Moreover, the agreements we execute to
protect our intellectual property rights may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies in response. Our attempts to patent or register our intellectual property rights in the U.S. and
worldwide may not succeed initially or may later be challenged by third parties. Further, the laws of certain countries outside the United States may not adequately protect our intellectual property
rights. We may incur significant costs in our efforts to protect and enforce our intellectual property, including the initiation of expensive and protracted litigation, and we may not prevail. Any
inability to enforce our intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to compete. 

        We
may be subject to claims by third parties from time to time that our products, services and technologies infringe on their intellectual property rights. In recent years, certain
entities have acquired patents in order to allege claims of infringement against companies, including in some cases, us. Any intellectual property infringement claims brought against us could cause us
to spend significant time and money to defend ourselves, regardless of the merits of the claims. If we are found to infringe any third-party intellectual property rights, it could result in
reputational harm, payment of significant monetary damages, payment of license fees (if licenses are even available to us, on reasonable terms or otherwise) and/or substantial time and expense to
redesign our products, services or technologies to avoid the infringement. In addition, we use third party software in some of our products, services and 

67

Table of Contents

technologies.
If any of our software vendors or licensors are faced with infringement claims, we may lose our ability to use such software until the dispute is resolved. If we cannot successfully
redesign an infringing product, service or technology (or procure a substitute version), this could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to compete. 

         Changes in federal regulation could impose significant burdens on us and otherwise adversely impact our results.

    The Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act) established a Federal Insurance Office (FIO) within the U.S. Department of the Treasury. The FIO has limited regulatory authority and is
empowered to gather data and information regarding the insurance industry and insurers, but it has in the past recommended an expanded federal role in some circumstances. The Dodd-Frank Act also gives
the Federal Reserve supervisory authority over a number of nonbank financial services holding companies, including insurance companies, if they are designated by a two-thirds vote of a Financial
Stability Oversight Council (the FSOC) as "systemically important financial institutions" (SIFI) or own a bank or thrift. The Company, based upon the FSOC's rules and interpretive guidance, has not
been designated as a SIFI and is not subject to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Nonetheless, it is possible that FSOC may change its rules or interpretations in the future and conclude that we are
a SIFI. If we were designated as a SIFI, the Federal Reserve's supervisory authority could include the ability to impose heightened financial regulation and could impact requirements regarding our
capital, liquidity and leverage as well as our business and investment conduct. The Dodd-Frank Act also authorizes assessments to pay for the resolution of SIFI's that have become insolvent. We (as a
financial company with more than $50 billion in assets) could be assessed, and, although any such assessment is required to be risk weighted (i.e., riskier firms pay more), such costs
could be material to us and are not currently estimable. As a result of the foregoing, the Dodd-Frank Act, including any changes thereto as a result of its current re-evaluation or otherwise, or other
additional federal regulation that is adopted in the future, could impose additional burdens on us, including impacting the ways in which we conduct our business, increasing compliance costs and
duplicating state regulation, and could result in a competitive disadvantage, particularly relative to other competitors that may not be subject to the same level of regulation. 

        Even
if we are not subject to additional regulation by the federal government, significant financial sector regulatory reform, could have a significant impact on us. For example,
regulatory reform could have an unexpected impact on our rights as a creditor or on our competitive position. 

        Other
potential changes in U.S. federal legislation, regulation and/or administrative policies, including the potential repeal of the McCarran-Ferguson Act (which exempts insurance from
most federal regulation) and potential changes in federal taxation, could also significantly harm the insurance industry, including us. 

        Changes to existing U.S. accounting standards may adversely impact our reported results.

    As a U.S.-based SEC registrant, we are
currently required to
prepare our financial statements in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (U.S. GAAP), as promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB), subject to the
accounting rules and interpretations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). During the last several years, the SEC has been evaluating whether, when and how International Financial Reporting
Standards (IFRS) should be incorporated into the U.S. financial reporting system, including for companies such as us. We are not able to predict whether we will choose, or be required, to adopt IFRS
or how the adoption of IFRS (or any future efforts by the SEC to converge U.S. GAAP and IFRS) may impact our financial statements in the future. Changes in U.S. accounting standards,
particularly those that specifically apply to property and
casualty insurance company operations, may impact the content and presentation of our reported financial results and could cause increased volatility in reported earnings, resulting in other adverse
impacts on the Company's ratings and cost of capital, and decrease the understandability of our financial results as well as the comparability of our reported results with other insurers. 

68

Table of Contents