The major causes of material uncertainty (“risk
factors”) generally will vary for each product line, as well as for each
separately analyzed component of the product line. In a few cases, such risk
factors are explicit assumptions of the estimation method and in most cases,
they are implicit. For example, a method may explicitly assume that a certain
percentage of claims will close each year, but will implicitly assume that the
legal interpretation of existing contract language will remain unchanged.
Actual results will likely vary from expectations for each of these
assumptions, resulting in an ultimate claim liability that is different from
that being estimated currently.

Some risk factors will affect more than one product
line. Examples include changes in claim department practices, changes in
settlement patterns, regulatory and legislative actions, court actions,
timeliness of claim reporting, state mix of claimants, and degree of claimant
fraud. The extent of the impact of a risk factor will also vary by components
within a product line. Individual risk factors are also subject to interactions
with other risk factors within product line components.

The effect of a particular risk factor on estimates of
claim liabilities cannot be isolated in most cases. For example, estimates of
potential claim settlements may be impacted by the risk associated with
potential court rulings, but the final settlement agreement typically does not
delineate how much of the settled amount is due to this and other factors.

The evaluation of data is also subject to distortion
from extreme events or structural shifts, sometimes in unanticipated ways. For
example, the timing of claims payments in one geographic region will be
impacted if claim adjusters are temporarily reassigned from that region to help
settle catastrophe claims in another region.

While some changes in the claim environment are sudden
in nature (such as a new court ruling affecting the interpretation of all
contracts in that jurisdiction), others are more evolutionary. Evolutionary
changes can occur when multiple factors affect final claim values, with the
uncertainty surrounding each factor being resolved separately, in step-wise
fashion. The final impact is not known until all steps have occurred.

Sudden changes generally
cause a one-time shift in claim liability estimates, although there may be some
lag in reliable quantification of their impact. Evolutionary changes generally
cause a series of shifts in claim liability estimates, as each component of the
evolutionary change becomes evident and estimable.

120

Actuarial methods
for analyzing and estimating claim and claim adjustment expense reserves.

The principal estimation and analysis methods utilized
by the Company’s actuaries are the paid development method, the case incurred
development method(1), the Bornhuetter-Ferguson (BF) method, and average value
analysis combined with the reported claim development method. The BF method is
usually utilized for more recent accident periods, with a transition to other
methods as the underlying claim data becomes more voluminous and therefore more
credible. These are typically referred to as traditional actuarial methods. (See
Glossary for an explanation of these methods.)

While these are the principal methods utilized
throughout the Company, those evaluating a particular component for a product
line have available to them the full range of methods developed within the
casualty actuarial profession. The Company’s actuaries are also continually
monitoring developments within the profession for advances in existing techniques
or the creation of new techniques that might improve current and future
estimates.

Some components of
product line reserves are susceptible to relatively infrequent large claims
that can materially impact the total estimate for that component. In such
cases, the Company’s actuarial analysis generally isolates and analyzes
separately such large claims. The reserves excluding such large claims are
generally analyzed using the traditional methods described above. The reserves
associated with large claims are then analyzed utilizing various methods such
as:

·
       Estimating
the number of large claims and their average values based on historical trends
from prior accident periods, adjusted for the current environment and
supplemented with actual data for the accident year analyzed to the extent
available.

·
       Utilizing
individual claim adjuster estimates of the large claims, combined with
continual monitoring of the aggregate accuracy of such claim adjuster estimates.
(This monitoring may lead to supplemental adjustments to the aggregate of such
claim estimates.)

·
       Utilizing
historic longer-term average ratios of large claims to small claims, and
applying such ratios to the estimated ultimate small claims from traditional
analysis.

·
       Ground-up
analysis of the underlying exposure (typically used for asbestos and
environmental).

The results of such methodologies are subjected to
various reasonability and diagnostic tests, including paid-to-incurred loss
ratios, implied incurred-loss-to-earned-premium ratios and non-zero claim
severity trends. An actual versus expected analysis is also performed comparing
actual loss development to expected development based on the prior review. Additional
analysis may be performed based on the results of these diagnostics, including
the investigation of other actuarial methods.

The above is generally
utilized to evaluate management’s existing estimate for prior accident periods.
For the initial estimate of the current accident year, the available claim data
is typically insufficient to produce a reliable indication. Hence, the initial
estimate for an accident year is generally based on a loss ratio projection
method which uses the earned premium for the current year multiplied by a
projected loss ratio. The projected loss ratio is determined through analysis
of prior experience periods using loss trend, rate level differences, mix of
business changes and other known or observed factors influencing the current
accident year relative to prior accident years. The exact number of prior accident
years utilized varies by product line component, based on the volume of
business for that component and the reliability of an individual accident year
estimate.

(1)
          The paid and incurred
development methods are sometimes also known as “link ratio” methods.

121

Management’s
estimates

At least once per quarter, certain Company management
meets with its actuaries to review the latest claim and claim adjustment
expense reserve analyses. Based on these analyses, management determines
whether its ultimate claim liability estimates should be changed. In doing so,
it must evaluate whether the new data provided represents credible actionable
information or an anomaly that will have no effect on estimated ultimate claim
liability. For example, as described above, payments may have decreased in one
geographic region due to fewer claim adjusters being available to process
claims. The resulting claim payment patterns would be analyzed to determine
whether or not the change in payment pattern represents a change in ultimate
claim liability.

Such an assessment
requires considerable judgment. It is frequently not possible to determine
whether a change in the data is an anomaly until sometime after the event. Even
if a change is determined to be permanent, it is not always possible to
reliably determine the extent of the change until sometime later. The overall
detailed analyses supporting such an effort can take several months to perform.
This is due to the need to evaluate the underlying cause of the trends
observed, and may include the gathering or assembling of data not previously
available. It may also include interviews with experts involved with the
underlying processes. As a result, there can be a time lag between the
emergence of a change and a determination that the change should be reflected
in the Company’s estimated claim liabilities. The final estimate selected by
management in a reporting period is based on these various detailed analyses of
past data, adjusted to reflect any new actionable information.

Discussion of
Product Lines

The following section details reserving considerations
and common risk factors by product line. There are many additional risk factors
that may impact ultimate claim costs. Each risk factor presented will have a
different impact on required reserves. Also, risk factors can have offsetting
or compounding effects on required reserves. For example, in workers’
compensation, the use of expensive medical procedures that result in medical
cost inflation may enable workers to return to work faster, thereby lowering
indemnity costs. Thus, in almost all cases, it is impossible to discretely
measure the effect of a single risk factor and construct a meaningful
sensitivity expectation.

In order to provide
information on reasonably possible reserving changes by product line, the
historical changes in year-end loss reserves over a one-year period are
provided for the U.S. product lines. This information is provided for both the
Company and the industry for the nine most recent years, and is based on the
most recent publicly available data for the reported line(s) that most
closely match the individual product line being discussed. These changes were
calculated, net of reinsurance, from statutory annual statement data found in
Schedule P of those statements, and represent the reported reserve development
on the beginning-of-the-year claim liabilities divided by the beginning claim
liabilities, all accident years combined, excluding non-defense related claim
adjustment expense. Data presented for the Company includes history for the
entire St. Paul Travelers group (U.S. companies only), whether or not the
individual subsidiaries were originally part of SPC or TPC. This treatment is
required by the statutory reporting instructions promulgated by state
regulatory authorities for Schedule P. Comparable data for non-U.S. companies
is not available.

General Liability

General liability is generally considered a long tail
line, as it takes a relatively long period of time to finalize and settle claims
from a given accident year. The speed of claim reporting and claim settlement
is a function of the specific coverage provided, the jurisdiction and specific
policy provisions such as self-insured retentions. There are numerous
components underlying the general liability product line. Some of these have
relatively moderate payment patterns (with most of the claims for a given
accident year 

122

closed within 5 to 7
years), while others can have extreme lags in both reporting and payment of
claims (e.g., a reporting lag of a decade for “construction defect” claims).

While the majority of general liability coverages are
written on an “occurrence basis,” certain general liability coverages (such as
those covering directors and officers or professional liability) are typically
insured on a “claims-made” basis.

General liability reserves are generally analyzed as
two components: primary and excess/umbrella, with the primary component
generally analyzed separately for bodily injury and property damage. Bodily
injury liability payments reimburse the claimant for damages pertaining to
physical injury as a result of the policyholder’s legal obligation arising from
non-intentional acts such as negligence, subject to the insurance policy
provisions. In some cases the damages can include future wage loss (which is a
function of future earnings power and wage inflation) and future medical
treatment costs. Property damage liability payments result from damages to the
claimant’s private property arising from the policyholder’s legal obligation
for non-intentional acts. In most cases, property damage losses are a function
of costs as of the loss date, or soon thereafter. In addition, sizable or
unique exposures are reviewed separately, such as asbestos, environmental,
other mass torts, construction defect, medical malpractice and large unique
accounts that would otherwise distort the analysis. These unique categories
often require a very high degree of judgment and require reserve analyses that
do not rely on traditional actuarial methods.

Defense costs are also a part of the insured costs
covered by liability policies and can be significant, sometimes greater than
the cost of the actual paid claims. For some products this risk is mitigated by
policy language such that the insured portion of defense costs erodes the
amount of policy limit available to pay the claim. Such “defense within the
limits” policies are most common for “claims made” products. When defense costs
are outside of the limits, amounts paid for defense costs do not erode the
policy limits.

123

This line is typically the largest source of reserve
estimate uncertainty in the United States (excluding assumed reinsurance
contracts covering the same risk). Major contributors to this reserve estimate
uncertainty include the reporting lag (i.e., the length of time between the
event triggering coverage and the actual reporting of the claim), the number of
parties involved in the underlying tort action, whether the “event” triggering
coverage is confined to only one time period or is spread over multiple time
periods, the potential dollars involved (in the individual claim actions),
whether such claims were reasonably foreseeable and intended to be covered at
the time the contracts were written (i.e., coverage dispute potential), and the
potential for mass claim actions. Claims with longer reporting lags result in
greater inherent risk. This is especially true for alleged claims with a
latency feature, particularly where courts have ruled that coverage is spread
over multiple policy years, hence involving multiple defendants (and their
insurers and reinsurers) and multiple policies (thereby increasing the
potential dollars involved and the underlying settlement complexity). Claims
with long latencies also increase the potential recognition lag, i.e., the lag
between writing a type of policy in a certain market and the recognition that
such policies have potential mass tort and/or latent claim exposure.

The amount of reserve estimate uncertainty also varies
significantly by component for the general liability product line. The
components in this product line with the longest latency, longest reporting
lags, largest potential dollars involved, and greatest claim settlement
complexity are asbestos and environmental. Components that include latency,
reporting lag and/or complexity issues, but to a materially lesser extent than
asbestos and environmental, include construction defect, medical malpractice,
and other mass tort actions. Many components of general liability are not
subject to material latency or claim complexity risks and hence have materially
less uncertainty than the previously mentioned components. In general, policies
providing coverage with shorter reporting lags, fewer parties involved in
settlement negotiations, only one policy potentially triggered per claim, fewer
potential settlement dollars, reasonably foreseeable (and stable) potential
hazards/claims and no mass tort potential result in much less reserve estimate
uncertainty than policies without those characteristics.

Besides the traditional actuarial methods mentioned in
the general discussion section, the company utilizes various report year
development methods and S-curves for the construction defect components of this
product line. The Construction Defect report year development analysis is
supplemented with projected claim counts and average values for IBNR claim
counts. For components with greater lags in claim reporting, such as excess and
umbrella components of this product line, the company utilizes the BF method
more heavily than paid and case incurred development.

Examples of common risk factors, or perceptions
thereof, that could change and, thus, affect the required general liability
reserves (beyond those included in the general discussion section) include:

General liability risk factors

Changes in claim handling philosophies

Changes in policy provisions or court interpretation of such provision

New theories of liability

Trends in jury awards

Changes in the propensity to sue, in general with specificity to particular
issues

Changes in statutes of limitations

Changes in the underlying court system

Distortions from losses resulting from large single accounts or single issues

Changes in tort law

Shifts in law suit mix between federal and state courts

Changes in claim adjuster office structure (causing distortions in the data)

Changes in settlement patterns (e.g., medical malpractice)

124

General liability book of business risk factors

Changes in policy provisions (e.g., deductibles, policy
limits, endorsements)

Changes in underwriting standards

Product mix (e.g., size of account, industries insured, jurisdiction mix)

Unanticipated changes in risk factors can affect
reserves. As an indicator of the causal effect that a change in one or more
risk factors could have on reserves for general liability (excluding asbestos
and environmental), a 1% increase (decrease) in incremental paid loss
development for each future calendar year could result in a 1.6% increase
(decrease) in loss reserves.

Historically, the one-year change in the reserve
estimate for this product line, excluding estimated asbestos and environmental
amounts, over the last nine years has varied from -3% to +14% (averaging +5%)
for the Company and -4% to +7% (averaging +1%) for the industry overall. The
Company’s year-to-year changes are driven by and are based on observed
events during the year. Because the high end of the Company’s range of
historical adverse development came from certain business that has since been
exited, the Company believes that the industry’s range of historical outcomes
is illustrative of reasonably possible one-year changes in reserve estimates
for this product line. General liability reserves (excluding asbestos and
environmental) represent approximately 26% of the Company’s total loss
reserves.

The Company’s change in
reserve estimate for this product line, excluding estimated asbestos and
environmental amounts, was +2% for 2006, +4% for 2005 and +10% for 2004. The
2006 change largely resulted from directors and officers and errors and
omissions adjustments due to worse than expected large loss activity and
additional information from detailed claim reviews, primarily associated with
accident years 2002 and 2003. The 2005 change was the net result of numerous
adjustments for various components with no individual item being a primary
driver. The 2004 change was principally due to the construction defect and
construction wrap-up reserving actions discussed on page 76 of this
narrative.

Property

Property is generally considered a short tail line
with a simpler and faster claim reporting and adjustment process than liability
coverages, and less uncertainty in the reserve setting process (except for more
complex business interruption claims). It is generally viewed as a moderate
frequency, low to moderate severity line, except for catastrophes and coverage
related to large properties. The claim reporting and settlement process for
property coverage claim reserves is generally restricted to the insured and the
insurer. Overall, the claim liabilities for this line create a low estimation
risk, except possibly for catastrophes and business interruption claims.

Property reserves are typically analyzed in two
components, one for catastrophic or other large single events, and another for
all other events. Examples of common risk factors, or perceptions thereof, that
could change and, thus, affect the required property reserves (beyond those
included in the general discussion section) include:

Property risk factors

Physical concentration of policyholders

Availability and cost of local contractors

For the more severe catastrophic events, “demand surge” inflation, which refers
to significant short-term increases in building material and labor costs due to
a sharp increase in demand for those materials and services

Local building codes

Amount of time to return property to full usage (for business interruption
claims)

Court interpretation of policy provisions (such as occurrence definition, or
wind versus flooding)

Lags in reporting claims (e.g., winter damage to summer homes, hidden damage
after an earthquake)

Court or legislative changes to the statute of limitations

125

Property book of business risk factors

Policy provisions mix (e.g., deductibles, policy limits,
endorsements)

Changes in underwriting standards

Unanticipated changes in risk factors can affect
reserves. As an indicator of the causal effect that a change in one or more
risk factors could have on reserves for property, a 1% increase (decrease) in
incremental paid loss development for each future calendar year could result in
a 1.1% increase (decrease) in loss reserves.

Historically, the one-year change in the reserve
estimate for this product line over the last nine years has varied from -34%
to +26% (averaging -4%) for the Company and -14% to +7% (averaging
0%) for the industry overall. The Company’s year-to-year changes are driven by
and are based on observed events during the year. Because the high end of the
Company’s range of historical adverse development came from certain business
that has since been exited, the Company believes that the industry’s range of
historical outcomes is illustrative of reasonably possible one-year changes in
reserve estimates for this product line.

While property is considered a short tail coverage,
the one year change can be more volatile than the longer tail product lines. This
is due to the fact that the majority of the reserve relates to the most recent
accident year, which is subject to the most uncertainty for all product lines. This
recent accident year uncertainty is relevant to property due to weather related
events which tend to be concentrated in the last half of the year and generally
don’t clearly resolve until the following year.

The Company’s change in
reserve estimate for this product line was -11% for 2006, -34% for
2005 and -18% for 2004. The 2006 change primarily reflected less
“demand surge” inflation than originally estimated for 2005 accident year non-catastrophe
and catastrophe losses. The 2005 and 2004 changes were primarily due to better
than expected results from changes in policy provisions as well as underwriting
and pricing criteria. The reserve estimates for this product line are also
potentially subject to material changes due to uncertainty in measuring
ultimate losses for unprecedented significant catastrophes such as the events
of September 11, 2001 and Hurricane Katrina. Such material changes did not
materialize in 2006, 2005 or 2004.

Commercial
Multi-Peril

Commercial multi-peril provides a combination of
property and liability coverage typically for small businesses and, therefore,
includes both short and long tail coverages. For property coverage, it
generally takes a relatively short period of time to close claims, while for
the other coverages, generally for the liability coverages, it takes a longer
period of time to close claims.

The reserving risk for this line is dominated by the liability
coverage portion of this product, except occasionally in the event of
catastrophic or large single losses. The reserving risk for this line differs
from that of the general liability product line and the property product line
due to the nature of the customer. Commercial multi-peril is generally sold to
smaller sized accounts, while the customer profile for general liability and
property include larger customers.

See “Property risk factors” and “General liability
risk factors,” discussed above, with regard to reserving risk for commercial
multi-peril.

Unanticipated changes in risk factors can affect
reserves. As an indicator of the causal effect that a change in one or more
risk factors could have on reserves for commercial multi-peril (excluding
asbestos and environmental), a 1% increase (decrease) in incremental paid loss
development for each future calendar year could result in a 1.2% increase
(decrease) in loss reserves.

126

Historically, the one-year change in the reserve
estimate for this product line over the last nine years has varied from -6%
to +2% (averaging -3%) for the Company and -2% to +6% (averaging
+2%) for the industry overall. The Company’s year-to-year changes are driven by
and are based on observed events during the year. The Company believes that its
range of historical outcomes is illustrative of reasonably possible one-year
changes in reserve estimates for this product line. Commercial multi-peril
reserves represent approximately 8% of the Company’s total loss reserves.

As discussed above, this line combines general
liability and property coverages and it has been impacted in the past by many
of the same events as those two lines.

The Company’s change in
reserve estimate for this product line was -4% for 2006, -6% for
2005 and -5% for 2004. The 2006 change was attributable to better
than expected results due to, among other factors, increasingly favorable legal
and judicial environments as well as enhanced risk control, underwriting and
claim process initiatives. The 2005 change was the result of increasingly
favorable legal and judicial environments, coupled with better than expected
results from changes in policy provisions as well as underwriting and pricing
criteria. The 2004 change was primarily attributable to better than expected
results from changes in underwriting and pricing strategies.

Commercial
Automobile

The commercial automobile product line is a mix of
property and liability coverages and, therefore, includes both short and long
tail coverages. The payments that are made quickly typically pertain to auto
physical damage (property) claims and property damage (liability) claims. The
payments that take longer to finalize and are more difficult to estimate relate
to bodily injury claims. In general, claim reporting lags are minor, claim
complexity is not a major issue, and the line is viewed as high frequency, low
to moderate severity. Overall, the claim liabilities for this line create a
moderate estimation risk.

Commercial automobile reserves are typically analyzed
in four components; bodily injury liability, property damage liability,
collision claims and comprehensive claims. These last two components have
minimum reserve risk and fast payouts and, accordingly, separate risk factors
are not presented.

The Company utilizes the traditional actuarial methods
mentioned in the general discussion above in estimating claim liabilities for
this line. This is supplemented with detailed custom analyses where needed.

Examples of common risk factors, or perceptions
thereof, that could change and, thus, affect the required commercial automobile
reserves (beyond those included in the general discussion section) include:

Bodily injury and property damage liability risk
factors

Trends in jury awards

Changes in the underlying court system

Changes in case law

Litigation trends

Frequency of claims with payment capped by policy limits

Change in average severity of accidents, or proportion of severe accidents

Changes in auto safety technology

Subrogation opportunities

Changes in claim handling philosophies

Frequency of visits to health providers

Number of medical procedures given during visits to health providers

Types of health providers used

Types of medical treatments received

127

Changes in cost of medical treatments
Degree of patient responsiveness to treatment

Commercial automobile book of business risk factors

Changes in policy provisions (e.g., deductibles, policy
limits, endorsements, etc.)

Changes in mix of insured vehicles (e.g., long haul trucks versus local and
smaller vehicles, fleet risks versus non-fleets)

Changes in underwriting standards

Unanticipated changes in risk factors can affect
reserves. As an indicator of the causal effect that a change in one or more
risk factors could have on reserves for commercial automobile, a 1% increase
(decrease) in incremental paid loss development for each future calendar year
could result in a 1.3% increase (decrease) in loss reserves.

Historically, the one-year change in the reserve
estimate for this product line over the last nine years has varied from -7%
to +9% (averaging +1%) for the Company and -1% to +9% (averaging +2%) for
the industry overall. The Company’s year-to-year changes are driven by and are
based on observed events during the year. The Company believes that its range
of historical outcomes is illustrative of reasonably possible one-year changes
in reserve estimates for this product line. Commercial automobile reserves
represent approximately 7% of the Company’s total loss reserves.

The Company’s change in
reserve estimate for this product line was -7% for 2006, -5% for
2005 and -2% for 2004. The 2006 change was due to better than expected
loss development, primarily for accident years 2003 through 2005, which was
attributable to favorable legal and judicial environments, claim handling
initiatives and improvements in auto safety technology. The 2005 change was due
to the effect of increasingly favorable legal and judicial environments as well
as better than expected results from changes in policy provisions as well as underwriting
and pricing criteria, especially for accident year 2004. The 2004 change was
due to better than expected results from underwriting and pricing strategies,
especially for accident year 2003.

Workers’
Compensation

Workers’ compensation is generally considered a long
tail coverage, as it takes a relatively long period of time to finalize claims
from a given accident year. While certain payments such as initial medical
treatment or temporary wage replacement for the injured worker are made
quickly, some other payments are made over the course of several years, such as
awards for permanent partial injuries. In addition, some payments can run as
long as the injured worker’s life, such as permanent disability benefits and
on-going medical care. Despite the possibility of long payment tails, the
reporting lags are generally short, settlements are generally not complex, and
most of the liability can be considered high frequency with moderate severity.
The largest reserve risk generally comes from the low frequency, high severity
claims providing lifetime coverage for medical expense arising from a worker’s
injury. Overall, the claim liabilities for this line create a somewhat greater
than moderate estimation risk.

Workers’ compensation reserves are typically analyzed
in three components: indemnity losses, medical losses and claim adjustment
expenses.

Examples of common risk
factors, or perceptions thereof, that could change and, thus, affect the
required workers’ compensation reserves (beyond those included in the general
discussion section) include:

Indemnity risk
factors

Time required to recover from the injury

Degree of available transitional jobs

128

Degree of legal
involvement
Changes in the interpretations and processes of the workers’ compensation
commissions’ oversight of claims(
1)

Future wage inflation for states that index benefits

Changes in the administrative policies of second injury funds

Medical risk factors

Changes in the cost of medical treatments (including
prescription drugs) and underlying fee schedules (“inflation”)

Frequency of visits to health providers

Number of medical procedures given during visits to health providers

Types of health providers used

Type of medical treatments received

Use of preferred provider networks and other medical cost containment practices

Availability of new medical processes and equipment

Changes in the use of pharmaceutical drugs

Degree of patient responsiveness to treatment

General workers’ compensation risk factors

Frequency of claim reopenings on claims previously closed

Mortality trends of injured workers with lifetime benefits and medical
treatment

Degree of cost shifting between workers’ compensation and health insurance

Workers’ compensation book of business risk factors

Product mix

Injury type mix

Changes in underwriting standards

Unanticipated changes in risk factors can affect
reserves. As an indicator of the causal effect that a change in one or more
risk factors could have on reserves for workers’ compensation, a 1% increase
(decrease) in incremental paid loss development for each future calendar year
could result in a 1.3% increase (decrease) in loss reserves.

Historically, the one-year change in the reserve
estimate for this product line over the last nine years has varied from -2%
to +2% (averaging -1%) for the Company and -2% to +4% (averaging
+1%) for the industry overall. The Company’s year-to-year changes are driven by
and are based on observed events during the year. The Company believes that its
range of historical outcomes is illustrative of reasonably possible one-year
changes in reserve estimates for this product line. Workers’ compensation reserves
represent approximately 26% of the Company’s total loss reserves.

The Company’s change in
reserve estimate for this product line was 0% for 2006, 0% for 2005 and +1%
for 2004.

Fidelity and Surety

Fidelity is generally considered a short tail
coverage. It takes a relatively short period of time to finalize and settle
fidelity claims. The volatility of fidelity reserves is generally related to
the type of business of the insured, the size and complexity of the insured’s business
operations, amount of policy limit

(1)
          These are administrative
bodies that evaluate whether or not a given claim for workers’ compensation
benefits is valid. Duties include the determination of whether a given injury
arose out of the scope of employment, or the determination of the degree of
injury where disputes exist.

129

and attachment point of coverage. The uncertainty
surrounding reserves for small, commercial insureds is typically less than the
uncertainty for large commercial or financial institutions. The high frequency,
low severity nature of small commercial fidelity losses provides for stability
in loss estimates whereas, the low frequency, high severity nature of losses
for large insureds results in a wider range of ultimate loss outcomes.
Actuarial techniques that rely on a stable pattern of loss development are
generally not applicable to low frequency, high severity policies.

Surety has certain components that are generally
considered short tail coverages with short reporting lags, although large
individual construction and commercial surety contracts can result in a long
settlement tail, based on the length and complexity of the construction project
or commercial transaction being insured. (Large construction projects can take
many years to complete.) The frequency of losses in surety correlates with
economic cycles as the primary cause of surety loss is the inability to perform
financially. The volatility of surety losses is generally related to the type
of business performed by the insured, the type of bonded obligation, the amount
of limit exposed to loss and the amount of assets available to the insurer to
mitigate losses, such as unbilled contract funds, collateral, first and third
party indemnity, and other security positions of an insured’s assets. Certain
classes of surety claims are very high severity, low frequency in nature. These
can include large construction contractors involved with one or multiple large,
complex projects as well as certain large commercial surety exposures. Other
claim factors affecting reserve variability of surety include litigation
related to amounts owed by and due the insured (e.g., salvage and subrogation
efforts) and the results of financial restructuring of an insured.

Examples of common risk factors, or perceptions
thereof, that could change and, thus, affect the required fidelity and surety
reserves (beyond those included in the general discussion section) include:

Fidelity risk factors

Type of business of insured

Policy limit and attachment points

Third-party claims

Coverage litigation

Complexity of claims

Growth in insureds’ operations

Surety risk factors

Economic trends, including the general level of construction
activity

Concentration of reserves in a relatively few large claims

Type of business insured

Type of obligation insured

Cumulative limits of liability for insured

Assets available to mitigate loss

Defective workmanship/latent defects

Financial strategy of insured

Changes in statutory obligations

Geographic spread of business

Fidelity and Surety book of business risk factors

Changes in policy provisions (e.g., deductibles, limits,
endorsements)

Changes in underwriting standards

Unanticipated changes in risk factors can affect
reserves. As an indicator of the causal effect that a change in one or more
risk factors could have on reserves for fidelity and surety, a 1% increase
(decrease) in incremental paid loss development for each future calendar year
could result in a 1.2% increase (decrease) in loss reserves.

130

Historically, the one-year change in the reserve
estimate for this product line over the last nine years has varied from -15%
to +138% (averaging +20%) for the Company and -9% to +24% (averaging +7%)
for the industry overall. The Company’s year-to-year changes are driven by and
are based on observed events during the year. Because the high end of the
Company’s range was due to acquired business in 2004, the Company believes that
the industry’s range of historical outcomes is illustrative of reasonably
possible one-year changes in reserve estimates for this product line. Fidelity
and surety reserves represent approximately 3% of the Company’s total loss
reserves.

In general, developments on single large claims (both
adverse and favorable) are a primary source of changes in reserve estimates for
this product line.

The Company’s change in
reserve estimate for this product line was -5% for 2006, 0% for 2005 and +138%
for 2004. The 2006 change was due to better than expected large loss activity. The
2004 change resulted from acquired business, including a large construction
contractor loss discussed on page 77 of this narrative.

Personal Automobile

Personal automobile includes both short and long tail
coverages. The payments that are made quickly typically pertain to auto
physical damage (property) claims and property damage (liability) claims. The
payments that take longer to finalize and are more difficult to estimate relate
to bodily injury claims. Reporting lags are relatively short and the claim
settlement process for personal automobile liability generally is the least
complex of the liability products. It is generally viewed as a high frequency,
low to moderate severity product line. Overall, the claim liabilities for this
line create a moderate estimation risk.

Personal automobile reserves are typically analyzed in
five components: bodily injury liability, property damage liability, no-fault
losses, collision claims and comprehensive claims. These last two components
have minimum reserve risk and fast payouts and, accordingly, separate factors
are not presented.

Examples of common risk factors, or perceptions
thereof, that could change and, thus, affect the required personal automobile
reserves (beyond those included in the general discussion section) include:

Bodily injury and property damage liability risk
factors

Trends in jury awards

Changes in the underlying court system and its philosophy

Changes in case law

Litigation trends

Frequency of claims with payment capped by policy limits

Change in average severity of accidents, or proportion of severe accidents

Subrogation opportunities

Degree of patient responsiveness to treatment

Changes in claim handling philosophies

No-fault risk factors (for selected states and time
periods)

Effectiveness of no-fault laws

Frequency of visits to health providers

Number of medical procedures given during visits to health providers

Types of health providers used

Types of medical treatments received

Changes in cost of medical treatments

Degree of patient responsiveness to treatment

131

Personal automobile book of business risk factors

Changes in policy provisions (e.g., deductibles, policy
limits, endorsements, etc.)

Changes in underwriting standards

Unanticipated changes in risk factors can affect
reserves. As an indicator of the causal effect that a change in one or more
risk factors could have on reserves for personal automobile, a 1% increase
(decrease) in incremental paid loss development for each future calendar year
could result in a 1.1% increase (decrease) in loss reserves.

Historically, the one-year change in the reserve
estimate for this product line over the last nine years has varied from -9%
to +1% (averaging -4%) for the Company and -7% to 0% (averaging -3%)
for the industry overall. The Company’s year-to-year changes are driven by and
are based on observed events during the year. The Company believes that its
range of historical outcomes is illustrative of reasonably possible one-year
changes in reserve estimates for this product line. Personal automobile
reserves represent approximately 4% of the Company’s total loss reserves.

The Company’s change in
reserve estimate for this product line was -7% for 2006, -9% for
2005 and -6% for 2004. The decreases in 2006 and 2005 were primarily
due to better than expected results from changes in claim handling practices as
well as initiatives to fight fraud. The 2004 change was driven by better than
expected frequency and severity, which is believed to have been principally
caused by societal trends as well as fraud initiatives.

Homeowners and
Personal Lines Other

Homeowners is generally considered a short tail coverage.
Most payments are related to the property portion of the policy, where the
claim reporting and settlement process is generally restricted to the insured
and the insurer. Claims on property coverage are typically reported soon after
the actual damage occurs, although delays of several months are not unusual.
The claim is settled when the two parties agree on the amount due in accordance
with the policy contract language and the appropriate payment is made (or
alternatively, the property replacement/repair is performed by the insurer).
The resulting settlement process is typically fairly short term, although
exceptions do exist.

The liability portion of the homeowners policy
generates claims which take longer to pay due to the involvement of litigation
and negotiation, but with generally small reporting lags. In addition, reserves
related to umbrella coverages have greater uncertainty since umbrella liability
payments are often made far into the future.

Overall, the line is generally high frequency, low to
moderate severity (except for catastrophes), with simple to moderate claim
complexity.

Homeowners reserves are typically analyzed in two
components: non-catastrophe related losses and catastrophe loss payments.

132

Examples of common risk factors, or perceptions
thereof, that could change and, thus, affect the required homeowners reserves
(beyond those included in the general reserve discussion section) include:

Non-catastrophe risk factors

Salvage opportunities

Amount of time to return property to residential use

Changes in weather patterns

Local building codes

Litigation trends

Trends in jury awards

Catastrophe risk factors

Physical concentration of policyholders

Availability and cost of local contractors

Local building codes

Quality of construction of damaged homes

Amount of time to return property to residential use

For the more severe catastrophic events, “demand surge” inflation, which refers
to significant short-term increases in building material and labor costs due to
a sharp increase in demand for those materials and services

Homeowners book of business risk factors

Policy provisions mix (e.g., deductibles, policy limits,
endorsements, etc.)

Degree of concentration of policyholders

Changes in underwriting standards

Unanticipated changes in risk factors can affect
reserves. As an indicator of the causal effect that a change in one or more
risk factors could have on reserves for homeowners and personal lines other, a
1% increase (decrease) in incremental paid loss development for each future
calendar year could result in a 1.1% increase (decrease) in loss reserves.

Historically, the one-year change in the reserve
estimate for this product line over the last nine years has varied from -31%
to +3% (averaging -11%) for the Company and -9% to +11% (averaging -2%)
for the industry overall. The Company’s year-to-year changes are driven by and
are based on observed events during the year. The Company believes that its
range of historical outcomes is illustrative of reasonably possible one-year
changes in reserve estimates for this product line. Homeowners and personal
lines other reserves represent approximately 2% of the Company’s total loss
reserves.

This line combines both liability and property
coverages; however the majority of the reserves relate to property. While
property is considered a short tail coverage, the one year change can be more
volatile than the longer tail product lines. This is due to the fact that the
majority of the reserve relates to the most recent accident year, which is
subject to the most uncertainty for all product lines. This recent accident
year uncertainty is relevant to property due to weather related events which
tend to be concentrated in the last half of the year and generally do not clearly
resolve until the following year.

The Company’s change in
reserve estimate for this product line was -22% for 2006, +3% for 2005
and -31% for 2004. The 2006 change was due to lower than expected
additional living expenses related to Hurricane Katrina as well as better than
expected non-catastrophe related frequency and severity, due in part to changes
in the marketplace, such as higher deductibles and fewer small-dollar claims,
and continued evidence of a less than expected impact from demand surge. The
2005 change was driven by additional loss development from the 2004 Florida
hurricanes. The 2004 change was driven by favorable 

133

loss
development, particularly from fewer claim counts for accident year 2003 as a
result of changes in the marketplace, including higher policy deductible levels
and fewer small dollar claims.

International and
other

International and other includes products written by
International and Lloyd’s and other products not discussed above. The principal
component of “other” claim reserves is assumed reinsurance written on an
excess-of-loss basis, which may include reinsurance of non-U.S. exposures, and
is primarily runoff business.

International and other claim liabilities result from
a mix of coverages, currencies and jurisdictions/countries. The common
characteristic is the need to customize the analysis to the individual
component, and the inability to rely on data characterizations and reporting
requirements in the U.S. statutory reporting framework.

Due to changes in the business mix for this line over
time, the recently incurred claim liabilities are relatively short term (due to
both the products and the jurisdictions involved, e.g., the Republic of Ireland
and the United Kingdom), while the older liabilities include some from runoff
operations that are extremely long tail (e.g., U.S. excess liabilities
reinsured through the London market, and several underwriting pools in runoff).
The speed of claim reporting and claim settlement is a function of the specific
coverage provided, the jurisdiction, the distribution system (e.g.,
underwriting pool versus direct), and the proximity of the insurance sale to
the insured hazard (e.g., insured and insurer located in different countries).
In particular, liabilities arising from the underwriting pools in runoff may
result in significant reporting lags, settlement lags and claim complexity, due
to the need to coordinate with other pool members or co-insurers through a
broker or lead-insurer for claim settlement purposes.

International and other reserves are generally
analyzed by program/pool, country and general coverage category (e.g., U.S.
Liability—excess of loss reinsurance, or General Liability—Municipalities—by
country). The business is also generally split by direct versus assumed
reinsurance for a given coverage/jurisdiction. Where the underlying insured
hazard is outside the United States, the underlying coverages are generally
similar to those described under the General Liability and Automobile
discussion above, but under a different legal system. Where the underlying
hazard is within the U.S., the coverage involved is typically that of General
Liability, but on an excess or excess-of-loss reinsurance basis. Excess
exposure requires the insured to “prove” not only claims under the policy, but
also the prior payment of claims reaching up to the excess policy’s attachment
point.

Examples of common risk factors, or perceptions
thereof, that could change and, thus, affect the required International and
other reserves (beyond those included in the general discussion section)
include:

International and other risk factors

Changes in claim handling procedures, including those of the
primary carriers

Changes in policy provisions or court interpretation of such provision

New theories of liability

Trends in jury awards

Changes in the propensity to sue

Changes in statutes of limitations

Changes in the underlying court system

Distortions from losses resulting from large single accounts or single issues

Changes in tort law

Changes in claim adjuster office structure (causing distortions in the data)

134

International and other book of business risk factors

Changes in policy provisions (e.g., deductibles, policy
limits, endorsements, “claims made” language)

Changes in underwriting standards

Product mix (e.g., size of account, industries insured, jurisdiction mix)

Unanticipated changes in risk factors can affect
reserves. As an indicator of the causal effect that a change in one or more
risk factors could have on reserves for International and other (excluding
asbestos and environmental), a 1% increase (decrease) in incremental paid loss
development for each future calendar year could result in a 1.3% increase
(decrease) in loss reserves. International and other reserves (excluding
asbestos and environmental) represent approximately 10% of the Company’s total
loss reserves.

International and other
represents a combination of different product lines, some of which are in
runoff. Comparative historical information is not available for international
product lines as insurers domiciled outside of the U.S. do not file U.S.
statutory reports. Comparative historical information on runoff business is not
indicative of reasonably possible one-year changes in the reserve estimate for
this mix of runoff business. Accordingly, the Company has not included
comparative analyses for International and other.

Reinsurance
Recoverables

Amounts recoverable from reinsurers are estimated in a
manner consistent with the associated claim liability. The Company evaluates
and monitors the financial condition of its reinsurers under voluntary
reinsurance arrangements to minimize its exposure to significant losses from
reinsurer insolvencies. In addition, in the ordinary course of business, the
Company becomes involved in coverage disputes with its reinsurers. Some of
these disputes could result in lawsuits and arbitrations brought by or against
the reinsurers to determine the Company’s rights and obligations under the
various reinsurance agreements. The Company employs dedicated specialists and
aggressive strategies to manage reinsurance collections and disputes.

The Company reports its reinsurance recoverables net
of an allowance for estimated uncollectible reinsurance recoverables. The
allowance is based upon the Company’s ongoing review of amounts outstanding,
length of collection periods, changes in reinsurer credit standing, disputes,
applicable coverage defenses, and other relevant factors. Accordingly, the
establishment of reinsurance recoverables and the related allowance for
uncollectible reinsurance recoverables is also an inherently uncertain process
involving estimates. Changes in these estimates could result in additional
income statement charges. The allowance for uncollectible reinsurance at December 31,
2006 declined by $31 million from the same date in 2005.

Recoverables attributable to structured settlements
relate primarily to personal injury claims, for which the Company has purchased
annuities and remains contingently liable in the event of a default by the
companies issuing the annuities. Recoverables attributable to mandatory pools
and associations relate primarily to workers’ compensation service business and
have the obligation of the participating insurance companies on a joint and
several basis supporting these cessions.

135

The
following table summarizes the composition of the Company’s reinsurance
recoverable assets:

 (at December 31, in millions)

 2006

 2005

 Gross reinsurance
 recoverables on paid and unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses

 $

 12,837

 $

 14,177

 Allowance for
 uncollectible reinsurance

 (773

 )

 (804

 )

 Net
 reinsurance recoverables

 12,064

 13,373

 Structured
 settlements

 3,758

 3,990

 Mandatory pools
 and associations

 1,998

 2,211

 Total reinsurance recoverables

 $

 17,820

 $

 19,574

Investment
Valuation and Impairments

Valuation of
Investments

Fixed Maturities
and Equity Securities

Fixed maturities are valued based upon quoted market
prices or dealer quotes, or if quoted market prices or dealer quotes are not
available, discounted expected cash flows using market rates commensurate with
the credit quality and maturity of the investment. Equity securities are valued
based on quoted market prices.

The
following table identifies the fair value of fixed maturity securities by
pricing source at December 31, 2006 and 2005.

 2006

 2005

 (in millions)

 Fair Value

 % of Total
 Fair Value

 Fair Value

 % of Total
 Fair Value

 Priced via
 independent market quotations

 $

 61,946

 91.6

 %

 $

 58,351

 91.5

 %

 Priced via broker
 quotations

 173

 0.3

 176

 0.3

 Priced via
 matrices

 255

 0.4

 210

 0.3

 Priced via other
 methods

 292

 0.4

 246

 0.4

 Short-term
 investments(1)

 4,938

 7.3

 4,802

 7.5

 Total

 $

 67,604

 100.0

 %

 $

 63,785

 100.0

 %

(1)
          Short-term investments
are primarily valued at amortized cost, which approximates fair value.

The fair value of a
financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged
in a current transaction between knowledgeable, unrelated willing parties. As
such, the estimated fair value of a financial instrument may differ
significantly from the amount that could be realized if the security was sold
immediately.

Real Estate

Fair value is established
at the time of acquisition by internal analysis or external appraisers, using
discounted cash flow analyses and other acceptable techniques. The Company had
no real estate held for sale at December 31, 2006 or 2005.

Venture Capital
Investments

Other investments include venture capital investments,
which are generally non-publicly traded instruments in early-stage companies
and, historically, have a holding period of four to seven years. These
investments have primarily been made in the health care, software and computer
services, and networking 

136

and information
technologies infrastructures industries. The Company typically is involved with
venture capital companies early in their formation, as they are developing and
determining the viability of, and market demand for, their product. Generally,
the Company does not expect these venture capital companies to record revenues
in the early stages of their development, which can often take three to four
years, and does not generally expect them to become profitable for an even
longer period of time. 

Certain venture capital investments that are
controlled by the Company are consolidated in the Company’s financial
statements. The underlying investments of these venture capital investments are
reported at estimated fair value. The
fair value of the venture capital investments is based on an estimate
determined by the external fund manager and reviewed by the Company for
investments in which there is no public market. The external fund manager
reviews such factors as recent filings, operating results, balance sheet stability,
growth, and other business and market sector fundamental statistics in
estimating fair values of specific investments.

With respect to the
Company’s valuation of such non-publicly traded venture capital investments, on
a quarterly basis, the Company’s portfolio managers and the external fund
manager review and consider a variety of factors in determining the valuation
of the investments and the potential for other-than-temporary impairments.
Factors considered include the following:

·
       The
investee’s most recent financing events;

·
       An
analysis of whether a fundamental deterioration or improvement has occurred;

·
       Whether
the investee’s progress has been substantially more or less than expected;

·
       Whether
or not the valuations have improved or declined significantly in the investee’s
market sector;

·
       Whether
or not the external fund manager and the Company believe it is probable that
the investee will need financing within six months at a lower price than our
carrying value; and

·
       Whether
or not the Company has the ability and intent to hold the investment for a
period of time sufficient to allow for recovery, enabling it to receive value
equal to or greater than our cost.

The quarterly valuation
procedures described above are in addition to the portfolio managers’ ongoing
responsibility to frequently monitor developments affecting those invested
assets, paying particular attention to events that might give rise to
impairment write-downs.

Non-Publicly Traded
Investments

The Company’s investment portfolio includes
non-publicly traded investments, such as venture capital investments (as
discussed above), private equity limited partnerships, joint ventures, other
limited partnerships, and certain fixed income securities. The Company uses the
equity method of accounting for joint ventures, limited partnerships and
certain private equity securities. Certain other private equity investments,
including venture capital investments are reported at estimated fair value. These non-publicly traded securities are
valued based on factors such as management judgment, recent financial
information and other market data.

137

The
following is a summary of the approximate carrying value of the Company’s
non-publicly traded securities at December 31, 2006:

 (in millions)

 Carrying Value

 Investment
 partnerships, including hedge funds

 $

 2,077

 Fixed income
 securities

 208

 Equity
 investments

 176

 Real estate
 partnerships and joint ventures

 188

 Venture capital

 465

 Total

 $

 3,114

Investment
Impairments

The Company recognizes an impairment loss when an
invested asset’s value declines below cost, adjusted for accretion,
amortization and previous other-than-temporary impairments (new cost basis),
and the change is deemed to be other-than-temporary, or if it is determined
that the Company will not be able to recover all amounts due pursuant to the
issuers’ contractual obligations prior to sale or maturity. When the Company
determines that an invested asset is other-than-temporarily impaired, the
invested asset is written down to fair value and the amount of the impairment
is included in earnings as a realized investment loss. The fair value then
becomes the new cost basis of the investment and any subsequent recoveries in
fair value are recognized at disposition.

The Company recognizes a realized loss when impairment
is deemed to be other-than-temporary even if a decision to sell an invested
asset has not been made. When the Company has decided to sell a temporarily
impaired available-for-sale invested asset and the Company does not expect the
fair value of the invested asset to fully recover prior to the expected time of
sale, the invested asset is deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired in the
period in which the decision to sell is made.

Factors considered in determining whether a decline is
other-than-temporary include the length of time and the extent to which fair
value has been below cost, the financial condition and near-term prospects of
the issuer, and the Company’s ability and intent to hold the investment for a
period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery.

The Company’s
process for reviewing invested assets for impairments during any quarter
includes the following:

·
       Identification
and evaluation of investments that have possible indications of
other-than-temporary impairment, which includes an analysis of investments with
gross unrealized investment losses that have fair values less than 80% of cost
for six consecutive months or more;

·
       Review
of portfolio manager(s) recommendations for other-than-temporary
impairments based on the investee’s current financial condition, liquidity,
near-term recovery prospects and other factors;

·
       Consideration
of evidential matter, including an evaluation of factors or triggers that may
cause individual investments to qualify as having other-than-temporary
impairments; and

·
       Determination of the status
of each analyzed investment as other-than-temporary or not, with documentation
of the rationale for the decision.

Sales of
Temporarily Impaired Invested Assets

The Company may, from time
to time, sell invested assets subsequent to the balance sheet date that were
considered temporarily impaired at the balance sheet date for several reasons. For
all subsequent 

138

sales of
invested assets that were considered temporarily impaired at the balance sheet
date, the Company contemporaneously documents its rationale for its change in
intent or ability to hold to recovery. The rationale for the change in the
Company’s ability and intent generally focuses on changes in the economic facts
and circumstances related to the invested asset subsequent to the balance sheet
date, significant unforeseen changes in the Company’s liquidity needs, or
changes in tax laws or the regulatory environment.

Fixed Maturities
and Equity Securities

An investment in a fixed
maturity or equity security which is available for sale is impaired if its fair
value falls below its cost or new cost basis and the decline is considered to
be other-than-temporary. A fixed maturity security is other-than-temporarily
impaired if it is probable that the Company will not be able to collect all
amounts due under the security’s contractual terms or where the Company does
not have the intent to hold the security. Equity securities are
other-than-temporarily impaired when it becomes apparent that the Company will
not recover its cost over the expected holding period. Further, for securities
expected to be sold, an other-than-temporary impairment charge is recognized if
the Company does not expect the fair value of a security to recover prior to
the expected date of sale. Additionally, for certain securitized financial
assets with contractual cash flows (including asset-backed securities), the
Company periodically updates its best estimate of cash flows over the life of
the security. If management determines that the fair value of a securitized
financial asset is less than its carrying amount and there has been a decrease
in the present value of the estimated cash flows since the last revised
estimate, considering both timing and amount, then an other-than-temporary
impairment is recognized.

Real Estate
Investments

The carrying value of a real estate property is
reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The review for impairment includes
an estimate of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and
eventual disposition of the real estate property. An impairment loss is
recognized if the expected future undiscounted cash flows are less than the
carrying value of the real estate property. The impairment loss is measured as
the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds fair value.

Other Investments

Mortgage Loans

A mortgage loan is considered impaired when it is
probable that the Company will be unable to collect principal and interest
amounts due. For mortgage loans that are determined to be impaired, a reserve
is established for the difference between the amortized cost and fair market
value of the underlying collateral. In estimating fair value, the Company uses
interest rates reflecting the current real estate financing market returns.
Impaired loans were not material at December 31, 2006 and 2005.

Venture Capital Investments and Non-Publicly Traded
Investments

Venture capital
investments and non-publicly traded investments are reviewed quarterly for
other-than-temporary impairment by the external fund manager and the Company’s
portfolio managers. An impairment loss is recognized if, based on the specific
facts and circumstances, it is probable that the Company will not be able to
recover all of the cost of an individual holding. For a further discussion,
please see the venture capital investments and non-publicly traded investments sections under the Valuation of Investments
above.

139

Goodwill
Impairments

Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142,
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets (FAS 142),
provides guidance on accounting for goodwill subsequent to acquisition. Accordingly,
the Company performs a review on at least an annual basis, of goodwill held by
its reporting units, which are the Company’s three operating and reportable
segments: Business Insurance, Financial, Professional & International
Insurance and Personal Insurance.

In August 2006, the Company announced a realignment
of two of its three reportable business segments. The former Commercial and
Specialty segments were realigned into the Business Insurance segment and the
Financial, Professional & International Insurance segment. The Personal
segment was renamed Personal Insurance. Goodwill was reallocated among the
reportable business segments to align the acquired business with the
appropriate reporting segment.

The impairment test, in
accordance with FAS 142, is a two-step process. The first step is to identify
any potential impairment using a multiple-of-earnings approach to estimate the
fair value of the reporting units. The fair values of the reporting units are
then compared to their carrying value, including goodwill. If the carrying
amounts of the reporting units exceed their fair value, a second step is
performed to measure the amount of impairment, if any. The Company’s review
resulted in no impairment of goodwill for the years ended December 31,
2006 and 2005.

OTHER UNCERTAINTIES

For a discussion of other
risks and uncertainties that could impact the Company’s results of operations
or financial condition, see note 15 of notes to the Company’s consolidated
financial statements and “Item 1A—Risk Factors.”

FUTURE APPLICATION
OF ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

See note 1 of notes to the
Company’s consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recently issued
accounting pronouncements.

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS

This report may contain, and management may make,
certain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements
of historical facts, may be forward-looking statements. Specifically, the
Company may make forward-looking statements about the Company’s results of
operations (including, among others, premium volume, income from continuing
operations, net and operating income and return on equity), financial condition
and liquidity; the sufficiency of the Company’s asbestos and other reserves (including,
among others, asbestos claim payment patterns); the cost and availability of
reinsurance coverage; and strategic initiatives. Such statements are subject to
risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally
beyond the Company’s control, that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the
forward-looking information and statements.

For a discussion of some of the factors that could
cause actual results to differ, see “Item 1A—Risk Factors” and
“Item 7—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Estimates’’.

The Company’s forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date of this report or as of the date they are
made, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update its forward-looking
statements.

140

Item 7A.

                QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

MARKET RISK

Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse
changes in market rates and prices, such as interest rates, foreign currency
exchange rates, and other relevant market rate or price changes. Market risk is
directly influenced by the volatility and liquidity in the markets in which the
related underlying assets are traded. The following is a discussion of the
Company’s primary market risk exposures and how those exposures are managed as
of December 31, 2006. The Company’s market risk sensitive instruments, including
derivatives, are primarily entered into for purposes other than trading.

The carrying value of the Company’s investment
portfolio as of December 31, 2006 and 2005 was $72.27 billion and $68.29
billion, respectively, of which 87% and 86% was invested in fixed maturity
securities, respectively. At December 31, 2006 and 2005, approximately 6%
of the Company’s invested assets were denominated in foreign currencies. The
Company’s exposure to equity price risk is not significant. The Company has no
direct commodity risk.

The primary market risk to the investment portfolio is
interest rate risk associated with investments in fixed maturity securities.
The portfolio duration relative to the liabilities’ duration is primarily
managed through cash market transactions and treasury futures transactions.

The primary market risk for all of the Company’s debt
is interest rate risk at the time of refinancing. The Company monitors the
interest rate environment and evaluates refinancing opportunities as maturity
dates approach. For additional information regarding the Company’s debt see
note 7 to the Company’s consolidated financial statements as well as the
Liquidity and Capital Resources section of Management’s Discussion and
Analysis.

The Company’s foreign exchange market risk exposure is
concentrated in the Company’s invested assets and insurance reserves
denominated in foreign currencies. Cash flows from the Company’s foreign
operations are the primary source of funds for the purchase of investments
denominated in foreign currencies. The Company purchases these investments
primarily to fund insurance reserves and other liabilities denominated in the
same currency, effectively reducing its foreign currency exchange rate
exposure. Invested assets denominated in the British Pound Sterling comprised
approximately 2.8% and 2.4% of the total invested assets at December 31,
2006 and 2005, respectively. No other individual foreign currency accounted for
more than 1.8% of the Company’s invested assets at December 31, 2006 or 2005.

There were no other
significant changes in the Company’s primary market risk exposures or in how
those exposures were managed for the year ended December 31, 2006 compared
to the year ended December 31, 2005. The Company does not currently
anticipate significant changes in its primary market risk exposures or in how
those exposures are managed in future reporting periods based upon what is
known or expected to be in effect in future reporting periods.

SENSITIVITY
ANALYSIS

Sensitivity analysis is
defined as the measurement of potential loss in future earnings, fair values or
cash flows of market sensitive instruments resulting from one or more selected
hypothetical changes in interest rates and other market rates or prices over a
selected time. In the Company’s sensitivity analysis model, a hypothetical
change in market rates is selected that is expected to reflect reasonably
possible near-term changes in those rates. “Near-term” means a period of time
going forward up to one year from the date of the consolidated financial
statements. Actual results may differ from the hypothetical change in market
rates assumed in this disclosure, especially since this sensitivity analysis
does not reflect the results of any actions that would be taken by the Company to
mitigate such hypothetical losses in fair value.

141

Interest Rate Risk

In this sensitivity analysis model, the Company uses
fair values to measure its potential loss. The sensitivity analysis model
includes the following financial instruments entered into for purposes other
than trading: fixed maturities, non-redeemable preferred stocks, mortgage
loans, short-term securities, debt and derivative financial instruments. The
primary market risk to the Company’s market sensitive instruments is interest
rate risk. The sensitivity analysis model uses a 100 basis point change in
interest rates to measure the hypothetical change in fair value of financial
instruments included in the model.

For invested assets with primary exposure to interest
rate risk, estimates of portfolio duration and convexity are used to model the
loss of fair value that would be expected to result from a parallel increase in
interest rates. Durations on invested assets are adjusted for call, put and
interest rate reset features. Durations on tax-exempt securities are adjusted
for the fact that the yields on such securities do not normally move in
lockstep with changes in the U.S. Treasury curve. Fixed maturity portfolio
durations are calculated on a market value weighted basis, including accrued interest,
using holdings as of December 31, 2006 and 2005.

For debt, the change in fair value is determined by
calculating hypothetical December 31, 2006 and 2005 ending prices based on
yields adjusted to reflect a 100 basis point change, comparing such hypothetical
ending prices to actual ending prices, and multiplying the difference by the
par or securities outstanding.

The sensitivity analysis model used by the Company
produces a loss in fair value of market sensitive instruments of approximately
$2.3 billion and $2.2 billion based on a 100 basis point increase in interest
rates as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

The loss estimates do not
take into account the impact of possible interventions that the Company might
reasonably undertake in order to mitigate or avoid losses that would result
from emerging interest rate trends. In addition, the loss value only reflects
the impact of an interest rate increase on the fair value of the Company’s
financial instruments. As a result, the loss value excludes a significant
portion of the Company’s consolidated balance sheet, which if included in the
sensitivity analysis model, would mitigate the impact of the loss in fair value
associated with a 100 basis point increase in interest rates.

Foreign Currency
Exchange Rate Risk

The Company uses fair values of investment securities
to measure its potential loss from foreign denominated investments. A
hypothetical 10% reduction in value of foreign denominated investments is used
to estimate the impact on the market value of the foreign denominated holdings.
The potential loss is reduced by foreign currency forward transactions that are
used to hedge a portion of the Company’s exposure to foreign currencies. The
Company’s analysis indicates that a hypothetical 10% reduction in the value of
foreign denominated investments would be expected to produce a loss in fair
value of approximately $438 million and $374 million at December 31, 2006
and 2005, respectively.

142

ITEM 8.

                FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Page

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
 Firm

 144

 Consolidated Statement of Income for the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

 145

 Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2006
 and 2005

 146

 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’
 Equity for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

 147

 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years
 ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

 148

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 149

143

REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

The Board of Directors and Stockholders 
The St. Paul Travelers Companies, Inc.: 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet of The St. Paul Travelers Companies, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31,
2006 and 2005, and the related consolidated statement of income, changes in
shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year
period ended December 31, 2006. These consolidated financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our
audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of The St. Paul Travelers Companies, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31,
2006 and 2005, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for
each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2006, in
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the effectiveness of The St. Paul
Travelers Companies, Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2006, based on criteria established in Internal
Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated February 23,
2007 expressed an unqualified opinion on management’s assessment of, and the
effective operation of, internal control over financial reporting.

/s/ KPMG LLP

      KPMG LLP

Minneapolis,
Minnesota

February 23, 2007

144

THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME

(in millions, except per share data)

 For the year ended December 31,

 2006

 2005

 2004

 Revenues

 Premiums

 $

 20,760

 $

 20,341

 $

 19,038

 Net investment income

 3,517

 3,165

 2,663

 Fee income

 591

 664

 706

 Net realized
 investment gains (losses)

 11

 17

 (39

 )

 Other revenues

 211

 178

 176

 Total revenues

 25,090

 24,365

 22,544

 Claims and expenses

 Claims and claim
 adjustment expenses

 12,244

 14,927

 15,439

 Amortization of
 deferred acquisition costs

 3,339

 3,252

 2,978

 General and
 administrative expenses

 3,458

 3,229

 2,945

 Interest expense

 324

 286

 236

 Total claims and expenses

 19,365

 21,694

 21,598

 Income from continuing operations before income taxes
 and minority interest

 5,725

 2,671

 946

 Income tax
 expense

 1,517

 610

 69

 Minority
 interest, net of tax

 —

 —

 10

 Income from continuing operations

 4,208

 2,061

 867

 Discontinued operations:

 Operating income (loss), net of taxes

 —

 (663

 )

 88

 Gain on disposal, net of taxes

 —

 224

 —

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations

 —

 (439

 )

 88

 Net income

 $

 4,208

 $

 1,622

 $

 955

 Basic earnings per share

 Income from
 continuing operations

 $

 6.12

 $

 3.04

 $

 1.42

 Income (loss)
 from discontinued operations

 —

 (0.65

 )

 0.14

 Net income

 $

 6.12

 $

 2.39

 $

 1.56

 Diluted earnings per share

 Income from
 continuing operations

 $

 5.91

 $

 2.95

 $

 1.40

 Income (loss)
 from discontinued operations

 —

 (0.62

 )

 0.13

 Net income

 $

 5.91

 $

 2.33

 $

 1.53

 Weighted average number of
 common shares outstanding:

 Basic

 687.1

 676.3

 608.3

 Diluted

 716.7

 712.8

 628.3

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

145

THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

(in millions)

 At December 31,

 2006

 2005

 Assets

 Fixed maturities,
 available for sale at fair value (including $1,674 and $2,667 subject to
 securities lending) (amortized cost $62,244 and $58,616)

 $

 62,666

 $

 58,983

 Equity
 securities, at fair value (cost $436 and $538)

 473

 579

 Real estate

 793

 752

 Short-term
 securities

 4,938

 4,802

 Other investments

 3,398

 3,171

 Total investments

 72,268

 68,287

 Cash

 459

 337

 Investment income
 accrued

 827

 761

 Premiums
 receivable

 6,181

 6,124

 Reinsurance
 recoverables

 17,820

 19,574

 Ceded unearned
 premiums

 1,243

 1,322

 Deferred
 acquisition costs

 1,615

 1,527

 Deferred tax
 asset

 1,536

 2,062

 Contractholder
 receivables

 5,023

 5,516

 Goodwill

 3,438

 3,442

 Intangible assets

 764

 917

 Other assets

 2,587

 3,318

 Total assets

 $

 113,761

 $

 113,187

 Liabilities

 Claims and claim
 adjustment expense reserves

 $

 59,288

 $

 61,090

 Unearned premium
 reserves

 11,228

 10,927

 Contractholder
 payables

 5,023

 5,516

 Payables for
 reinsurance premiums

 685

 720

 Debt

 5,760

 5,850

 Other liabilities

 6,642

 6,781

 Total liabilities

 88,626

 90,884

 Shareholders’ equity

 Preferred Stock
 Savings Plan—convertible preferred stock (0.4 shares and 0.5 shares issued
 and outstanding)

 129

 153

 Common stock
 (1,750.0 shares authorized; 678.3 and 693.4 shares issued and outstanding)

 18,530

 18,096

 Retained earnings

 7,253

 3,750

 Accumulated other
 changes in equity from nonowner sources

 452

 351

 Treasury stock,
 at cost (25.2 and 1.2 shares)

 (1,229

 )

 (47

 )

 Total shareholders’ equity

 25,135

 22,303

 Total
 liabilities and shareholders’ equity

 $

 113,761

 $

 113,187

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

146

THE
ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY

(in millions)

 For the year ended December 31,

 2006

 2005

 2004

 Convertible preferred
 stock—savings plan

 Balance, beginning of year

 $

 153

 $

 193

 $

 —

 Preferred stock assumed at merger

 —

 —

 219

 Redemptions during year

 (24

 )

 (40

 )

 (26

 )

 Balance, end of year

 129

 153

 193

 Guaranteed
 obligation—stock ownership plan

 Balance, beginning of year

 —

 (5

 )

 —

 Obligations assumed at merger

 —

 —

 (15

 )

 Principal payments

 —

 5

 10

 Balance, end of year

 —

 —

 (5

 )

 Total preferred shareholders’ equity

 129

 153

 188

 Common
 stock and additional paid-in capital

 Balance, beginning of year

 18,096

 17,331

 8,685

 Net shares issued under employee share-based
 compensation plans

 260

 208

 140

 Compensation amortization under share-based plans and
 other changes

 174

 115

 32

 Shares issued pursuant to maturity of equity unit
 forward contracts

 —

 442

 —

 Shares issued for merger

 —

 —

 8,608

 Adjustment for treasury shares cancelled and retired
 at merger

 —

 —

 (91

 )

 Unvested equity-based awards assumed in merger

 —

 —

 (43

 )

 Balance, end of year

 18,530

 18,096

 17,331

 Retained earnings

 Balance, beginning of year

 3,750

 2,744

 2,290

 Net income

 4,208

 1,622

 955

 Dividends declared

 (701

 )

 (628

 )

 (529

 )

 Minority interest and other

 (4

 )

 12

 28

 Balance, end of year

 7,253

 3,750

 2,744

 Accumulated other changes in
 equity from nonowner sources, net of tax

 Balance, beginning of year

 351

 952

 1,086

 Change in net unrealized gain (loss) on investment
 securities

 126

 (541

 )

 (192

 )

 Change in minimum pension liability adjustment

 —

 (8

 )

 —

 Net change in unrealized foreign currency translation
 and other changes

 55

 (52

 )

 58

 Adjustment to initially apply FAS Statement No. 158,
 net of tax

 (80

 )

 —

 —

 Balance, end of year

 452

 351

 952

 Treasury stock (at cost)

 Balance, beginning of year

 (47

 )

 (14

 )

 (74

 )

 Treasury shares acquired—share repurchase program

 (1,121

 )

 —

 —

 Net shares acquired related to employee share-based
 compensation plans

 (61

 )

 (33

 )

 (31

 )

 Treasury shares cancelled and retired at merger

 —

 —

 91

 Balance, end of year

 (1,229

 )

 (47

 )

 (14

 )

 Total common shareholders’ equity

 25,006

 22,150

 21,013

 Total shareholders’ equity

 $

 25,135

 $

 22,303

 $

 21,201

 Common shares outstanding

 Balance, beginning of year

 693.4

 670.3

 435.8

 Net shares issued under employee share-based
 compensation plans

 7.7

 7.9

 5.2

 Common shares issued pursuant to maturity of equity
 unit forward contracts

 —

 15.2

 —

 Treasury shares acquired—share repurchase program

 (22.8

 )

 —

 —

 Common shares assumed at merger

 —

 —

 229.3

 Balance, end of year

 678.3

 693.4

 670.3

 Summary of changes in equity
 from nonowner sources

 Net income

 $

 4,208

 $

 1,622

 $

 955

 Other changes in equity from nonowner sources, net of
 tax

 181

 (601

 )

 (134

 )

 Total changes in
 equity from nonowner sources

 $

 4,389

 $

 1,021

 $

 821

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

147

THE ST. PAUL
TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

(in millions)

 For the year ended December 31,

 2006

 2005

 2004

 Cash flows from operating
 activities

 Net income

 $

 4,208

 $

 1,622

 $

 955

 Adjustments
 to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

 Loss (income) from discontinued operations, net of
 tax

 —

 439

 (88

 )

 Net realized investment (gains) losses

 (11

 )

 (17

 )

 39

 Depreciation and amortization

 808

 691

 522

 Deferred federal income tax (benefit) on continuing
 operations

 521

 500

 (280

 )

 Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs

 3,339

 3,252

 2,978

 Premiums receivable

 (57

 )

 77

 320

 Reinsurance recoverables

 1,998

 (520

 )

 584

 Deferred acquisition costs

 (3,427

 )

 (3,220

 )

 (2,948

 )

 Claims and claim adjustment expense reserves

 (2,565

 )

 2,032

 3,473

 Unearned premium reserves

 300

 (383

 )

 (42

 )

 Trading account activities

 6

 6

 20

 Gain on redemption of subordinated debentures

 (42

 )

 —

 —

 Excess tax benefits from share-based payment
 arrangements

 (16

 )

 —

 —

 Other

 (288

 )

 (890

 )

 (467

 )

 Net cash provided by operating activities of
 continuing operations

 4,774

 3,589

 5,066

 Net cash provided by operating activities of
 discontinued operations

 —

 24

 175

 Net cash provided by operating activities

 4,774

 3,613

 5,241

 Cash flows from investing
 activities

 Proceeds from maturities of fixed maturities

 5,810

 4,952

 5,621

 Proceeds
 from sales of investments:

 Fixed maturities

 4,401

 5,192

 7,945

 Equity securities

 285

 403

 265

 Real estate

 —

 37

 —

 Purchases
 of investments:

 Fixed maturities

 (13,845

 )

 (16,046

 )

 (16,522

 )

 Equity securities

 (83

 )

 (63

 )

 (94

 )

 Real estate

 (75

 )

 (49

 )

 (22

 )

 Short-term securities, (purchases) sales, net

 (85

 )

 142

 (1,913

 )

 Other investments, net

 406

 724

 964

 Securities transactions in course of settlement

 447

 (595

 )

 (1,108

 )

 Net cash acquired in merger

 —

 —

 148

 Other

 (325

 )

 (132

 )

 69

 Net cash used in investing activities of
 continuing operations

 (3,064

 )

 (5,435

 )

 (4,647

 )

 Net cash used in investing activities of
 discontinued operations

 —

 (20

 )

 (139

 )

 Net cash used in investing activities

 (3,064

 )

 (5,455

 )

 (4,786

 )

 Cash flows from financing
 activities

 Issuance of debt

 786

 400

 302

 Payment of debt

 (806

 )

 (815

 )

 (227

 )

 Dividends paid to shareholders

 (702

 )

 (628

 )

 (642

 )

 Issuance of common stock—- employee share options

 216

 164

 111

 Treasury stock acquired—share repurchase program

 (1,103

 )

 —

 —

 Treasury stock acquired—net employee share-based
 compensation

 (17

 )

 (33

 )

 (23

 )

 Excess tax benefits from share-based payment
 arrangements

 16

 —

 —

 Issuance of common stock—maturity of equity unit
 forward contracts

 —

 442

 —

 Repurchase of minority interest of subsidiary

 —

 —

 (76

 )

 Other

 17

 (3

 )

 39

 Net cash used in financing activities of
 continuing operations

 (1,593

 )

 (473

 )

 (516

 )

 Net cash provided by (used in) financing
 activities of discontinued operations

 —

 4

 (24

 )

 Net cash used in financing activities

 (1,593

 )

 (469

 )

 (540

 )

 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash

 5

 (5

 )

 7

 Elimination of cash provided by discontinued
 operations

 —

 (8

 )

 (12

 )

 Net proceeds from sale of discontinued operations

 —

 2,399

 —

 Net increase (decrease) in cash

 122

 75

 (90

 )

 Cash at beginning of period

 337

 262

 352

 Cash at end of period

 $

 459

 $

 337

 $

 262

 Supplemental disclosure of cash
 flow information

 Income taxes paid

 $

 861

 $

 826

 $

 606

 Interest paid

 $

 358

 $

 337

 $

 286

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

148

 THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.

   SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Basis of
Presentation

The consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of The St. Paul Travelers Companies, Inc. (together with its
subsidiaries, the Company). On April 1, 2004, Travelers Property Casualty
Corp. (TPC) merged with a subsidiary of The St. Paul Companies, Inc.
(SPC), as a result of which TPC became a wholly-owned subsidiary of The St.
Paul Travelers Companies, Inc. For accounting purposes, this transaction
was accounted for as a reverse acquisition with TPC treated as the accounting
acquirer. Accordingly, this transaction was accounted for as a purchase
business combination, using TPC’s historical financial information and applying
fair value estimates to the acquired assets, liabilities and commitments of SPC
as of April 1, 2004. Beginning on April 1, 2004, the results of
operations and financial condition of SPC were consolidated with TPC’s results
of operations and financial condition. Accordingly, all financial information
presented herein for the twelve months ended December 31, 2006 and 2005
reflects the consolidated accounts of SPC and TPC. The financial information
presented herein for the twelve months ended December 31, 2004 reflects
only the accounts of TPC for the three months ended March 31, 2004 and the
consolidated accounts of SPC and TPC for the nine months ended December 31,
2004.

The preparation of the
consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles (GAAP) requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and claims and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Certain reclassifications have been made to prior years’ financial statements
to conform to the current year’s presentation, including reclassifications
related to the realignment of the Company’s reportable business segments
described in the “Nature of Operations” section of this note. All material
intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.

Adoption of New
Accounting Standards

Employers’
Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans, an
amendment of FASB Statements No. 87, 88, 106 and 132(R)

In September 2006,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 158, Employers’ Accounting for
Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans, an amendment of FASB
Statements No. 87, 88, 106 and 132(R) (FAS 158). FAS 158
requires an employer to recognize the funded status of a benefit plan as an
asset or liability in its statement of financial position, measured as the
difference between plan assets at fair value and the benefit obligation, and to
recognize as a component of accumulated other changes in equity from nonowner
sources, net of tax, actuarial gains or losses and prior service costs or
credits that arise during the period but which are not recognized as components
of net periodic benefit cost pursuant to FASB Statement No. 87, 
Employers’ Accounting for Pensions (FAS 87), or FASB
Statement No. 106, 
Employers’ Accounting for
Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions (FAS 106). The
provisions of FAS 87 and FAS 106 continue to apply in measuring plan assets and
benefit obligations, as of the date of the fiscal year-end statement of
financial position, and in determining the amount of net periodic benefit cost.
The provisions of FAS 158 were effective for fiscal years ending after December 15,
2006 and are not to be applied retrospectively. The Company’s adoption of FAS
158 at December 31, 2006 resulted in an $80 million reduction, net of tax,
to shareholders’ equity and is recognized as an adjustment to the ending 

149

THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

1.

   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

balance
of accumulated other changes in equity from nonowner sources. The adoption of
FAS 158 did not affect the Company’s results of operations or liquidity as FAS
158 does not affect the determination of net periodic pension cost. See note
12.

Considering the
Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current
Year Financial Statements

In September 2006, the staff of the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC) issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108, Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying
Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements (SAB 108), as an
interpretation by the SEC staff of the process of quantifying financial
statement misstatements for purposes of determining whether a misstatement is
material. SAB 108 was issued to address diversity in practice used by
registrants in quantifying financial statement misstatements, and the potential
under the current practice for the build up of improper amounts on the balance
sheet. SAB 108 requires registrants to quantify the impact of correcting all
misstatements, including both the carryover and reversing effects of prior year
statements, on the current year financial statements (i.e., the income
statement and the balance sheet). Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 99, 
Materiality, which requires that both qualitative and
quantitative factors be evaluated in determining whether a misstatement is
material to the financial statements, is not affected by the issuance of SAB
108.

SAB 108 was effective for
the first interim period of the first fiscal year ending after November 15,
2006, with early adoption encouraged. The adoption of SAB 108 at December 31,
2006 had no effect on the Company’s results of operations, financial condition
or liquidity.

Share-Based Payment

In December 2004, the FASB issued Revised
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123, Share-Based Payment (FAS 123R), an
amendment to FAS 123, 
Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation, and a replacement of Accounting Principles Board
Opinion No. 25, 
Accounting for Stock
Issued to Employees, and its related implementation guidance. FAS
123R requires public entities to measure the cost of employee services received
in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair
value of the award and to recognize that cost over the requisite service
period.

FAS 123R, which became effective January 1, 2006,
requires entities that use the fair-value method of either recognition or
disclosure under FAS 123 to apply a modified version of the prospective
application. Under modified prospective application, compensation cost is
recognized on or after the effective date for all unvested awards, based on
their grant-date fair value as calculated under FAS 123 for either recognition
or pro forma disclosure purposes.

In addition, the accounting for certain grants of
equity awards to individuals who are retirement-eligible on the date of grant
has been clarified. FAS 123R states that an employee’s share-based award
becomes vested, for expensing purposes, at the date that the employee’s right
to receive or retain equity shares is no longer contingent on the satisfaction
of a market, performance or service condition. Accordingly, awards granted to
retirement-eligible employees are not contingent on satisfying a service
condition and therefore are recognized at fair value on the date of the grant.
Additionally, the period over which cost is recognized for awards granted to
those who become retirement-eligible before the vesting 

150

THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

1.

   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

date will be from the
grant date to the retirement-eligible date rather than to the vesting date.
This guidance is to be applied prospectively to new or modified awards granted
upon adoption of FAS 123R.

The adoption of FAS 123R
at January 1, 2006 using modified prospective application did not have a
material effect on the Company’s results of operations, financial condition or
liquidity. See note 11.

Accounting Changes
and Error Corrections

In May 2005, the FASB
issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 154, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections (FAS 154),

which replaced APB Opinion No. 20, 
Accounting Changes, and FASB Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 3, 
Reporting
Changes in Interim Financial Statements. FAS 154 changed the
requirements for the accounting for and reporting of a change in accounting
principle. It requires retrospective application to prior period financial
statements of voluntary changes in accounting principle and changes required by
new accounting standards when the standard does not include specific transition
provisions, unless it is impracticable to do so. FAS 154 was effective for
accounting changes and corrections of errors in fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2005. Early adoption was permitted for accounting changes and corrections of
errors made in fiscal years beginning after June 1, 2005. It did not
change the transition provisions of any existing accounting pronouncements,
including those that were in a transition phase as of December 15, 2005. The
adoption of FAS 154 at January 1, 2006 had no effect on the Company’s
results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.

The Meaning of
Other-Than-Temporary Impairment and Its Application to Certain Investments

In November 2005, the
FASB issued FASB Staff Position (FSP) FAS 115-1 and FAS 124-1, The Meaning of Other-Than-Temporary Impairment and Its Application to
Certain Investments. The FSP addresses the determination as to when
an investment is considered impaired, whether that impairment is
other-than-temporary, and the measurement of an impairment loss. It requires
the establishment of a new cost basis subsequent to the recognition of an
other-than-temporary impairment and certain disclosures about unrealized losses
that have not been recognized as other-than-temporary impairments. The FSP is
effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2005. The
Company had previously implemented these requirements. Therefore, the adoption
of the FSP had no effect on the Company’s results of operations, financial
condition or liquidity.

American Jobs
Creation Act—Repatriation of Foreign Earnings

On October 22, 2004,
Congress enacted the American Jobs Creation
Act (AJCA) which provided a temporary incentive for U.S.
corporations to repatriate earnings previously reinvested in foreign
subsidiaries to obtain an 85% dividends received deduction. In December 2004,
FSP No. 109-2, 
Accounting and
Disclosure Guidance for the Foreign Earnings Repatriation Provision within the
American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 was issued. This FSP provides
accounting and disclosure guidance on how to apply
 FASB Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109,

Accounting for Income Taxes, to
the repatriation provision of the AJCA.  In the fourth quarter of 2005, the Company
approved a Domestic Reinvestment Plan in accordance with the AJCA to repatriate
foreign earnings prior to December 31, 2005. In December 2005, the
Company repatriated $158 million of cumulative foreign earnings invested
outside of the United States, which resulted in an increase in income tax
expense of $8 million for the year ended December 31, 2005.

151

THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

1.

   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Accounting
Standards Not Yet Adopted

Accounting by
Insurance Enterprises for Deferred Acquisition Costs in Connection with
Modifications or Exchanges of Insurance Contracts

In September 2005, the Accounting Standards
Executive Committee (AcSEC) issued Statement of Position 05-1, Accounting by Insurance Enterprises for Deferred Acquisition Costs in
Connection with Modifications or Exchanges of Insurance Contracts
(SOP 05-1). SOP 05-1 provides guidance on accounting by insurance
enterprises for deferred acquisition costs on internal replacements of
insurance and investment contracts other than those specifically described in Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards No. 97, 
Accounting
and Reporting by Insurance Enterprises for Certain Long-Duration Contracts and
for Realized Gains and Losses from the Sale of Investments. SOP 05-1
defines an internal replacement as a modification in product benefits,
features, rights, or coverages that occurs by the exchange of a contract for a
new contract, or by amendment, endorsement, or rider to a contract, or by the
election of a feature or coverage within a contract.

SOP 05-1 is
effective for internal replacements occurring in fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2006, with earlier adoption encouraged. The adoption of SOP 05-1
effective January 1, 2007 did not have a material effect on the Company’s
results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.

Accounting for
Certain Hybrid Financial Instruments

In February 2006, the FASB issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 155, Accounting
for Certain Hybrid Financial Instruments - an amendment of FASB Statements No. 133
and 140 (FAS 155). FAS
155 nullifies the guidance in the FASB’s Derivatives Implementation Group Issue
D1 “Application of Statement 133 to Beneficial Interests in Securitized Assets”,
which had deferred the bifurcation requirements of Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 133, 
Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities (FAS 133), for certain beneficial
interests in securitized financial assets. FAS 155 requires beneficial
interests in securitized financial assets be analyzed to determine whether they
are freestanding derivatives or hybrid instruments that contain an embedded
derivative requiring bifurcation.

FAS 155 permits entities to fair value any hybrid
financial instrument that contains an embedded derivative that otherwise would
require bifurcation. This election is on a contract-by-contract basis and is
irrevocable. Additionally, FAS 155 narrows the exception afforded to
interest-only strips and principal-only strips from derivative accounting.  In addition, FAS 155 clarifies that
concentrations of credit risk in the form of subordination are not embedded
derivatives and amends Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 140,
Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial
Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities - a replacement of 
FASB Statement 125, to eliminate the restriction on the
passive derivative instruments a Qualifying Special Purpose Entity can hold.

In January 2007, the FASB released Statement 133
Implementation Issue No. B40, Embedded Derivatives:
Application of Paragraph 13(b) to Securitized Interests in Prepayable
Financial Assets (B40). B40 provides a limited scope exception from
paragraph 13(b) of FAS 133 for securitized interests that contain only an
embedded derivative that is tied to the prepayment risk of the underlying
prepayable financial assets and if both of the following criterion are met: (a) 
the investor does not control the right to accelerate the settlement, and (b) the
securitized interest does not contain an embedded derivative for 

152

THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

1.

   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

which bifurcation would be
required other than an embedded derivative that results from embedded call
options in the underlying financial assets. B40 is effective upon the adoption
of FAS 155, except for criterion (b) which is not applicable to
securitized interests issued before June 30, 2007, and that only include
embedded derivatives that have an extremely remote possibility of having
greater than a trivial fair value during the life of the securitized interest.

FAS 155 is effective for
all financial instruments acquired, issued or subject to a remeasurement (new
basis) event occurring after the beginning of an entity’s fiscal year that
begins after September 15, 2006. At adoption, for contracts where the fair
value option has been elected, any difference between the total carrying amount
of the individual components of the existing bifurcated hybrid financial
instrument and the fair value of the combined hybrid financial instrument
should be recognized as a cumulative-effect adjustment to beginning retained
earnings. The Company adopted FAS 155 effective January 1, 2007. Since it
did not elect the fair value option, it did not have a cumulative effect upon
adoption of FAS 155. The ongoing effect of adopting FAS 155 will not be
material to the Company’s results of operations, financial condition or  liquidity.

Accounting for
Uncertainty in Income Taxes

In July 2006, the FASB issued Interpretation No. 48,
Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes - an Interpretation
of FASB Statement No. 109 (FIN 48). FIN 48 clarifies the
accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in a company’s financial
statements and prescribes the recognition and measurement of a tax position
taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. FIN 48 also provides guidance on
de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim
periods, disclosure and transition.

Under FIN 48, evaluation of a tax position is a
two-step process. The first step is to determine whether it is
more-likely-than-not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination,
including the resolution of any related appeals or litigation based on the
technical merits of the position. The second step is to measure a tax position
that meets the more-likely-than-not threshold to determine the amount of
benefit to be recognized in the financial statements. A tax position is
measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent
likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement.

Tax positions that previously failed to meet the
more-likely-than-not recognition threshold should be recognized in the first
subsequent period in which the threshold is met. Previously recognized tax
positions that no longer meet the more-likely-than-not criteria should be
de-recognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which the
threshold is no longer met.

In February 2007, the FASB announced that it
plans to issue a FASB Staff Position (FSP) to amend FIN 48. The proposed FSP is
expected to be exposed for a 30-day comment period and, if adopted, would
be effective at the time a company initially adopts FIN 48.

FIN 48 is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2006. The estimated impact of
adopting FIN 48 at January 1, 2007, before considering the impact, if any,
of the yet to be issued FSP, is not expected to have a material effect on the
Company’s results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.

153

THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

1.

   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Fair Value
Measurements

In September 2006, the FASB issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 157, Fair
Value Measurements (FAS
157). FAS 157 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring
fair value and expands disclosure about fair value measurements. It applies to
other pronouncements that require or permit fair value but does not require any
new fair value measurements. The statement defines fair value as “the price
that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.”

FAS 157 establishes a fair value hierarchy to increase
consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and disclosures. The
hierarchy is based on the inputs used in valuation and gives the highest
priority to quoted prices in active markets. The highest possible level should
be used to measure fair value.

FAS 157 is effective for
fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007. The Company does not
expect the provisions of FAS 157 to have a material effect on its results of
operations, financial condition or liquidity.

Endorsement
Split-Dollar Life Insurance Arrangements

In September 2006,
FASB issued Emerging Issues Task Force Issue No. 06-4, Accounting for Deferred Compensation and Postretirement Benefit Aspects
of Endorsement Split-Dollar Life Insurance Arrangements (EITF 06-4).
EITF 06-4 requires a company to recognize a liability and related
compensation expense for endorsement split-dollar life insurance policies that
provide a benefit to an employee that extends to postretirement periods. The
provisions of EITF 06-4 are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2006. The adoption of EITF 06-4 effective January 1, 2007 did not
have a material effect on the Company’s results of operations, financial
condition or liquidity.

Fair Value Option

In February 2007, the FASB issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 159, The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and
Financial Liabilities 
(FAS
159). FAS 159 permits an entity to irrevocably elect fair value on a
contract-by-contract basis as the initial and subsequent measurement attribute
for many financial assets and liabilities and certain other items including
property and casualty insurance contracts. Entities electing the fair value
option would be required to recognize changes in fair value in earnings and to
expense upfront cost and fees associated with the item for which the fair value
option is elected. Entities electing the fair value option are required to
distinguish on the face of the statement of financial position, the fair value
of assets and liabilities for which the fair value option has been elected and
similar assets and liabilities measured using another measurement attribute. An
entity can accomplish this by either reporting the fair value and
non-fair-value carrying amounts as separate line items or aggregate those
amounts and disclose parenthetically the amount of fair value included in the
aggregate amount.

FAS 159 is effective for
fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007. Upon adoption, an entity
is permitted to elect the fair value option irrevocably for any existing asset
or liability within the scope of the standard. The adjustment to reflect the
difference between the fair value and the carrying amount would be accounted
for as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the date of
initial adoption. 

154

THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

1.

   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Retrospective
application would not be permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact, if any, of FAS 159 on its results of operations, financial condition
and liquidity.

Accounting Policies

Investments

Fixed maturities include bonds, notes and redeemable
preferred stocks. Fixed maturities, including instruments subject to securities
lending agreements, are classified as available for sale and are reported at
fair value, with unrealized investment gains and losses, net of income taxes,
credited or charged directly to accumulated other changes in equity from
nonowner sources. Equity securities, which include common and nonredeemable
preferred stocks, are classified as available for sale with changes in fair
value, net of income tax, charged or credited directly to accumulated other
changes in equity from nonowner sources.

The Company’s real estate investments include
warehouses, office buildings and other commercial land and properties that are
directly owned. Real estate properties are carried at cost less accumulated
depreciation. Buildings are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the
shorter of the expected useful life of the building or 39 years. Accumulated
depreciation on real estate held for investment purposes was $82 million and
$48 million at December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Real estate held
for sale is carried at the lower of cost or fair value less estimated costs to
sell.

Short-term securities, consisting primarily of money
market instruments and other debt issues purchased with a maturity of less than
one year, are carried at amortized cost, which approximates fair value.

Other investments include:
venture capital investments, through direct ownership and limited partnerships;
private equity limited partnerships; joint ventures; other limited
partnerships; mortgage loans and trading securities. Certain venture capital
investments that are controlled by the Company are consolidated in the Company’s
financial statements. The Company uses the equity method of accounting for
joint ventures, limited partnerships and certain private equity securities.
Mortgage loans are carried at amortized cost. Trading securities are marked to
market with the change in fair value recognized in net investment income during
the current period.

Valuation of
Investments

Fixed Maturities
and Equity Securities

Fixed maturities are valued based upon quoted market
prices or dealer quotes, or if quoted market prices or dealer quotes are not
available, discounted expected cash flows using market rates commensurate with
the credit quality and maturity of the investment. Equity securities are valued
based on quoted market prices.

The following table identifies the fair value of fixed
maturity securities by pricing source at December 31, 2006 and 2005.

155

THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

1.

   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

 2006

 2005

 (in millions)

 Fair Value

 % of Total Fair
 Value

 Fair Value

 % of Total Fair
 Value

 Priced via
 independent market quotations

 $

 61,946

 91.6

 %

 $

 58,351

 91.5

 %

 Priced via broker
 quotations

 173

 0.3

 176

 0.3

 Priced via
 matrices

 255

 0.4

 210

 0.3

 Priced via other
 methods

 292

 0.4

 246

 0.4

 Short-term
 investments (1)

 4,938

 7.3

 4,802

 7.5

 Total

 $

 67,604

 100.0

 %

 $

 63,785

 100.0

 %

(1)
          Short-term
investments are primarily valued at amortized cost, which approximates fair
value.

The fair value of a
financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged
in a current transaction between knowledgeable, unrelated willing parties. As
such, the estimated fair value of a financial instrument may differ
significantly from the amount that could be realized if the security was sold
immediately.

Real Estate

Fair value is established
at the time of acquisition by internal analysis or external appraisers, using
discounted cash flow analyses and other acceptable techniques. The Company had
no real estate held for sale at December 31, 2006 or 2005.

Venture Capital Investments

Other investments include
venture capital investments, which are generally non-publicly traded
instruments in early-stage companies and, historically, have a holding period
of four to seven years. These investments have primarily been made in the
health care, software and computer services, and networking and information
technologies infrastructures industries. The Company typically is involved with
venture capital companies early in their formation, as they are developing and
determining the viability of, and market demand for, their product. Generally,
the Company does not expect these venture capital companies to record revenues
in the early stages of their development, which can often take three to four
years, and does not generally expect them to become profitable for an even
longer period of time.

Certain venture capital
investments that are controlled by the Company are consolidated in the Company’s
financial statements. The underlying investments of these venture capital
investments are reported at estimated fair value. The fair value of the venture capital investments is based
on an estimate determined by the external fund manager and reviewed by the
Company for investments in which there is no public market. The external fund
manager reviews such factors as recent filings, operating results, balance
sheet stability, growth, and other business and market sector fundamental
statistics in estimating fair values of specific investments.

With respect to the
Company’s valuation of such non-publicly traded venture capital investments, on
a quarterly basis, the Company’s portfolio managers and the external fund
manager review and consider a variety of factors in determining the valuation
of the investments and the potential for other-than-temporary impairments.
Factors considered include the following:

·
       The
investee’s most recent financing events;

156

THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

1.

   SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

·
       An
analysis of whether a fundamental deterioration or improvement has occurred;

·
       Whether
the investee’s progress has been substantially more or less than expected;

·
       Whether
or not the valuations have improved or declined significantly in the investee’s
market sector;

·
       Whether
or not the external fund manager and the Company believe it is probable that
the investee will need financing within six months at a lower price than our
carrying value; and

·
       Whether
or not the Company has the ability and intent to hold the investment for a
period of time sufficient to allow for recovery, enabling it to receive value
equal to or greater than our cost.

The quarterly valuation
procedures described above are in addition to the portfolio managers’ ongoing
responsibility to frequently monitor developments affecting those invested
assets, paying particular attention to events that might give rise to
impairment write-downs.

Non-Publicly Traded Investments

The Company’s investment
portfolio includes non-publicly traded investments, such as venture capital
investments (as discussed above), private equity limited partnerships, joint
ventures, other limited partnerships, and certain fixed income securities. The
Company uses the equity method of accounting for joint ventures, limited
partnerships and certain private equity securities. Certain other private
equity investments, including venture capital investments are reported at
estimated fair value. These
non-publicly traded securities are valued based on factors such as management
judgment, recent financial information and other market data.

Investment Impairments

The Company recognizes an
impairment loss when an invested asset’s value declines below cost, adjusted
for accretion, amortization and previous other-than-temporary impairments (new
cost basis), and the change is deemed to be other-than-temporary, or if it is
determined that the Company will not be able to recover all amounts due
pursuant to the issuers’ contractual obligations prior to sale or maturity. When
the Company determines that an invested asset is other-than-temporarily
impaired, the invested asset is written down to fair value and the amount of
the impairment is included in earnings as a realized investment loss. The fair
value then becomes the new cost basis of the investment and any subsequent
recoveries in fair value are recognized at disposition.

The Company recognizes a
realized loss when impairment is deemed to be other-than-temporary even if a
decision to sell an invested asset has not been made. When the Company has
decided to sell a temporarily impaired available-for-sale invested asset and
the Company does not expect the fair value of the invested asset to fully
recover prior to the expected time of sale, the invested asset is deemed to be
other-than-temporarily impaired in the period in which the decision to sell is
made.

Factors considered in
determining whether a decline is other-than-temporary include the length of
time and the extent to which fair value has been below cost, the financial
condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, and the Company’s ability and
intent to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any
anticipated recovery.

157

THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

1.

   SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(Continued)

The Company’s process for
reviewing invested assets for impairments during any quarter includes the
following:

·
       Identification
and evaluation of investments that have possible indications of other-than-temporary
impairment, which includes an analysis of investments with gross unrealized
investment losses that have fair values less than 80% of cost for six
consecutive months or more;

·
       Review
of portfolio manager(s) recommendations for other-than-temporary
impairments based on the investee’s current financial condition, liquidity,
near-term recovery prospects and other factors;

·
       Consideration
of evidential matter, including an evaluation of factors or triggers that may
cause individual investments to qualify as having other-than-temporary
impairments; and

·
       Determination
of the status of each analyzed investment as other-than-temporary or not, with
documentation of the rationale for the decision.

Sales of Temporarily Impaired Invested Assets

The Company may, from time
to time, sell invested assets subsequent to the balance sheet date that were
considered temporarily impaired at the balance sheet date for several reasons. For
all subsequent sales of invested assets that were considered temporarily
impaired at the balance sheet date, the Company contemporaneously documents its
rationale for its change in intent or ability to hold to recovery.  The rationale for the change in the Company’s
ability and intent generally focuses on changes in the economic facts and
circumstances related to the invested asset subsequent to the balance sheet
date, significant unforeseen changes in the Company’s liquidity needs, or
changes in tax laws or the regulatory environment.

Fixed Maturities and Equity Securities

An investment in a fixed
maturity or equity security which is available for sale is impaired if its fair
value falls below its cost or new cost basis and the decline is considered to be
other-than-temporary. A fixed maturity security is other-than-temporarily
impaired if it is probable that the Company will not be able to collect all
amounts due under the security’s contractual terms or where the Company does
not have the intent to hold the security. Equity securities are
other-than-temporarily impaired when it becomes apparent that the Company will
not recover its cost over the expected holding period. Further, for securities
expected to be sold, an other-than-temporary impairment charge is recognized if
the Company does not expect the fair value of a security to recover prior to
the expected date of sale. Additionally, for certain securitized financial
assets with contractual cash flows (including asset-backed securities), the
Company periodically updates its best estimate of cash flows over the life of
the security. If management determines that the fair value of a securitized
financial asset is less than its carrying amount and there has been a decrease
in the present value of the estimated cash flows since the last revised
estimate, considering both timing and amount, then an other-than-temporary
impairment is recognized.

Other Investments

Real Estate Investments

The carrying value of a
real estate property is reviewed for impairment when events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The
review for impairment includes an estimate of the undiscounted cash flows
expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the real estate property.
An impairment loss is recognized if the expected future 

undiscounted
cash flows are less than the carrying value of the real estate property. The
impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds
fair value.

158

 THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

1.

   SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Mortgage Loans

A mortgage loan is
considered impaired when it is probable that the Company will be unable to
collect principal and interest amounts due. For mortgage loans that are
determined to be impaired, a reserve is established for the difference between
the amortized cost and fair market value of the underlying collateral. In
estimating fair value, the Company uses interest rates reflecting the current
real estate financing market returns. Impaired loans were not material at December 31,
2006 and 2005.

Venture Capital
Investments and Non-Publicly Traded Investments

Venture capital
investments and non-publicly traded investments are reviewed quarterly for
other-than-temporary impairment by the external fund manager and the Company’s
portfolio managers. An impairment loss is recognized if, based on the specific
facts and circumstances, it is probable that the Company will not be able to
recover all of the cost of an individual holding. For a further discussion,
please see the “venture capital investments” and “non-publicly traded investments” sections under the “Valuation of
Investments” above.

Net Investment
Income

Investment income from fixed maturities and mortgage
loans is recognized based on the constant effective yield method including
estimated principal repayments, if any. The effective yield used to determine
amortization for fixed maturities subject to prepayment risk (e.g.,
asset-backed, loan-backed and structured securities) is recalculated and
adjusted periodically based upon actual historical and/or projected future cash
flows, which are obtained from a widely-accepted securities data provider. The
adjustments to the yield for highly rated prepayable fixed maturities are
accounted for using the retrospective method. The adjustments to the yield for
non-highly rated prepayable fixed maturities are accounted for using the
prospective method.  Dividends on equity
securities are recognized in income when declared. Rental income on real estate
is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. See note 3 for
further discussion. Undistributed income for equity method investments is
reported in net investment income.

Accrual of income is
suspended on fixed maturities or mortgage loans that are in default, or on
which it is likely that future payments will not be made as scheduled. Interest
income on investments in default is recognized only as payment is received.
Investments included in the consolidated balance sheet that were not income-producing
for the preceding 12 months were not material.

Investment Gains
and Losses

Net realized investment
gains and losses are included as a component of pretax revenues based upon
specific identification of the investments sold on the trade date. Included in
net realized investment gains (losses) are other-than-temporary impairment
losses on invested assets as described above in the “Investment Impairment”
section above.

Reinsurance
Recoverables

Amounts recoverable from
reinsurers are estimated in a manner consistent with the associated claim
liability. The Company reports its reinsurance recoverables net of an allowance
for estimated uncollectible 

159

THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

1.

   SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

reinsurance
recoverables. The allowance is based upon the Company’s ongoing review of
amounts outstanding, length of collection periods, changes in reinsurer credit
standing, disputes, applicable coverage defenses and other relevant factors. Amounts
deemed to be uncollectible, including amounts due from known insolvent
reinsurers, are written off against the allowance for estimated uncollectible
reinsurance recoverables. Any subsequent collections of amounts previously
written off are reported as part of claim and claim adjustment expenses. The
Company evaluates and monitors the financial condition of its reinsurers under
voluntary reinsurance arrangements to minimize its exposure to significant
losses from reinsurer insolvencies.

Deferred
Acquisition Costs

Amounts which vary with
and are primarily related to the production of new insurance contracts,
primarily commissions and premium-related taxes, are deferred and amortized pro
rata over the contract periods in which the related premiums are earned.
Deferred acquisition costs are reviewed to determine if they are recoverable
from future income and, if not, are charged to expense. Future investment
income attributable to related premiums is taken into account in measuring the
recoverability of the carrying value of this asset. All other acquisition expenses
are charged to operations as incurred.

Contractholder
Receivables and Payables

Under certain workers’
compensation insurance contracts with deductible features, the Company is
obligated to pay the claimant for the full amount of the claim. The Company is
subsequently reimbursed by the policyholder for the deductible amount. These
amounts are included on a gross basis in the consolidated balance sheet in
contractholder payables and contractholder receivables, respectively.

Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets

A review is performed on at least an annual basis, of
goodwill held by the reporting units, which are the Company’s three operating
and reportable segments: Business Insurance; Financial, Professional &
International Insurance; and Personal Insurance.

The impairment test is a two-step process. The first
step is to identify any potential impairment using a multiple-of-earnings
approach to estimate the fair value of the reporting units. The fair values of
the reporting units are then compared to their carrying value, including
goodwill. If the carrying amounts of the reporting units exceed their fair
value, a second step is performed to measure the amount of impairment, if any.

Other intangible assets
that are not deemed to have an indefinite useful life are amortized over their
useful lives. The carrying amount of intangible assets that are not deemed to
have an indefinite useful life is regularly reviewed for indicators of
impairments in value. Impairment is recognized only if the carrying amount of
the intangible asset is not recoverable from its undiscounted cash flows and is
measured as the difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of
the asset.

Claims and Claim
Adjustment Expense Reserves

Claims and claim adjustment expense reserves represent
estimates for both reported and unreported claims incurred and related
expenses. The reserves are adjusted regularly based upon experience. Included 

160

THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

1.

   SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

in the claims and claim
adjustment expense reserves in the consolidated balance sheet are certain
reserves discounted to the present value of estimated future payments. The
liabilities for losses for some long-term disability payments under workers’
compensation insurance and workers’ compensation excess insurance, which
totaled $1.98 billion and $1.92 billion at December 31, 2006 and 2005,
respectively, were discounted using a rate of 5% at December 31, 2006 and
2005. Reserves related to certain fixed and determinable asbestos-related
settlements, where all payment amounts and their timing are known, totaled $34
million at December 31, 2005, and were discounted using a rate of 2.6% at
that date. There were no such reserves at December 31, 2006. Reserves for
certain assumed reinsurance business were discounted using a rate of 7% and a
range of rates from 5% to 7.5% at December 31, 2006 and 2005,
respectively, and totaled $37 million and $79 million at December 31, 2006
and 2005, respectively.

In determining claims and
claim adjustment expense reserves, the Company performs a continuing review of
its overall position, its reserving techniques and its reinsurance. The
reserves are also reviewed periodically by qualified actuaries employed by the
Company. These reserves represent the estimated ultimate cost of all incurred
claims and claim adjustment expenses. Since the reserves are based on
estimates, the ultimate liability may be more or less than such reserves. The
effects of changes in such estimated reserves are included in the results of
operations in the period in which the estimates are changed. Such changes may
be material to the results of operations and financial condition and could
occur in a future period.

Securities Lending

The Company engages in
securities lending activities from which it generates net investment income
from the lending of certain of its investments to other institutions for short
periods of time. Borrowers of these securities provide collateral equal to at
least 102% of the market value of the loaned securities plus accrued interest.
This collateral is held by a third-party custodian, and the Company has the
right to access the collateral only in the event that the institution borrowing
the Company’s securities is in default under the lending agreement. Therefore,
the Company does not recognize the receipt of the collateral held by the
third-party custodian or the obligation to return the collateral. The loaned
securities remain a recorded asset of the Company.

Other Liabilities

Included in other liabilities in the consolidated
balance sheet is the Company’s estimate of its liability for guaranty fund and
other insurance-related assessments. The liability for expected state guaranty
fund and other premium-based assessments is recognized as the Company writes or
becomes obligated to write or renew the premiums on which the assessments are
expected to be based. The liability for loss-based assessments is recognized as
the related losses are incurred. At December 31, 2006 and 2005, the
Company had a liability of $263 million and $278 million, respectively, for
guaranty fund and other assessments and related recoverables of $11 million and
$12 million, respectively. The liability for such assessments and the related
recoverables are not discounted for the time value of money. The assessments
are expected to be paid over a period ranging from one year to the life
expectancy of certain workers’ compensation claimants and the recoveries are
expected to occur over the same period of time.

Also included in other
liabilities is an accrual for policyholder dividends. Certain insurance
contracts, primarily workers’ compensation, are participating whereby dividends
are paid to policyholders in 

161

THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

1.

   SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

accordance
with contract provisions. Net written premiums for participating dividend
policies were approximately 1% of total Company net written premiums for each
of the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004. Policyholder
dividends are accrued against earnings using best available estimates of
amounts to be paid. The liability accrued for policyholder dividends totaled
$29 million and $30 million at December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

Treasury Stock

Treasury stock represents
the cost of common stock repurchased by the Company, which stock represents
authorized and unissued shares of the Company under the Minnesota Business
Corporation Act.

Statutory
Accounting Practices

The Company’s insurance
subsidiaries, domiciled principally in the states of Connecticut and Minnesota,
prepare statutory financial statements in accordance with the accounting
practices prescribed or permitted by the insurance departments of the states of
domicile. Prescribed statutory accounting practices are those practices that
are incorporated directly or by reference in state laws, regulations, and
general administrative rules applicable to all insurance enterprises
domiciled in a particular state. Permitted statutory accounting practices
include practices not prescribed by the domiciliary state, but allowed by the domiciliary
state regulatory authority. The impact of any permitted accounting practices on
statutory surplus of the Company is not material.

Premiums and
Unearned Premium Reserves

Premiums are recognized as revenues pro rata over the
policy period. Unearned premium reserves represent the unexpired portion of
policy premiums. Accrued retrospective premiums are included in premium
balances receivable. Premium balances receivable are reported net of an
allowance for estimated uncollectible premium amounts.

Ceded premiums are charged
to income over the applicable term of the various reinsurance contracts with
third party reinsurers. Prepaid reinsurance premiums represent the unexpired
portion of premiums ceded to reinsurers and are reported as part of other assets.

Reinsurance to Close

Under the accounting conventions used by Lloyd’s
members, each underwriting account is normally kept open for three years and
the underwriting results determined at the end of the third year when the
account is closed, although a longer period may be required in order to
determine reserves at the required degree of accuracy/confidence for exposures
having significant uncertainty. When a year of account is closed, a reinsurance
contract (the “reinsurance to close” or RITC) is entered into with a subsequent
year of account (normally the following year of account) in consideration for
which all subsequent underwriting transactions resulting from the closing year
and all previous years reinsured therein are brought forward to (accept by) the
subsequent year of account. The RITC, which is calculated by the underwriter
and approved by the managing agent, comprises an estimate of all net
outstanding liabilities of the closing year and all previous years.

162

THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

1.

   SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

The amount of the assets received in an RITC is equal
to the accepted claims including incurred but not reported (IBNR) claims and is
undiscounted for the time value of money. Accordingly, there is no gain or loss
at the time the assets and liabilities are acquired and recognized by the
subsequent year of account. In addition, there is no impact on reported
premiums and losses as a result of an RITC transaction.

In February 2006,
following approval by the respective managing agencies, the 2003 and prior
years of account of Lloyd’s Syndicates 5000 and 779 closed through reinsurance
to close (RITC) into the 2004 year of account, for which the Company is the
capital provider through its 100% ownership of Lloyd’s members F&G UK
Underwriters, Ltd. and Aprilgrange, Ltd. The RITC was effective January 1,
2006. The RITC resulted in the Company acquiring $538 million of net claim and
claim adjustment expense reserves (net of $243 million of reinsurance
recoverables), $470 million of investments, $29 million of cash and other net
assets during the first quarter of 2006. There was no impact on the Company’s
results of operations at the time the RITC was recorded.

Fee Income

Fee income includes
servicing fees from carriers and revenues from large deductible policies and
service contracts and is recognized pro rata over the contract or policy
periods.

Other Revenues

Other revenues include
revenues from premium installment charges, which are recognized as collected,
revenues of noninsurance subsidiaries other than fee income and gains and
losses on dispositions of assets and redemption of debt, and other
miscellaneous revenues.

Income Taxes

The Company recognizes
deferred income tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax effects
attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement and tax
return bases of assets and liabilities, based on enacted tax rates and other
provisions of the tax law. The effect of a change in tax laws or rates on
deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period in
which such change is enacted. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation
allowance if it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the
deferred tax assets will not be realized.

Foreign Currency
Translation

The Company assigns
functional currencies to its foreign operations, which are generally the
currencies of the local operating environment. Foreign currency amounts are
remeasured to the functional currency, and the resulting foreign exchange gains
or losses are reflected in earnings. Functional currency amounts are then
translated into U.S. dollars. The change in unrealized foreign currency
translation gain or loss during the year, net of tax, is a component of
accumulated other changes in equity from nonowner sources. The foreign currency
remeasurement and translation are calculated using current exchange rates for
items reported in the balance sheets and average exchange rates for items
recorded in earnings.

163

THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

1.

   SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Share-Based
Compensation

The Company has an employee stock incentive
compensation plan that permits grants of nonqualified stock options, incentive
stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, deferred stock,
stock units, performance awards and other stock-based or stock-denominated
awards with respect to the Company’s common stock.

The stock-based awards are measured at fair value on
the date of grant. Stock option fair value is estimated by application of an
option pricing model, while restricted stock and deferred stock fair value is
measured at the market price of a share on the grant date.

The compensation cost for
awards subject to a service condition is based upon the number of equity
instruments for which the requisite service period is expected to be rendered.
Awards granted to retiree-eligible or to employees that become retiree-eligible
before an awards vesting date are considered to have met the requisite service
condition. The compensation cost for awards subject to a performance condition
is based upon the probable outcome that the performance condition will be
achieved. The compensation cost reflects an estimated annual forfeiture rate of
5% over the requisite service period of the awards. That estimate is revised if
subsequent information indicates that the actual number of instruments expected
to vest is likely to differ from previous estimates. Compensation cost for
awards are recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service
period. For awards that have a graded vesting schedule, the compensation cost
is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for
each separate vesting portion of the award as if the award was, in substance,
multiple awards.

Derivative
Financial Instruments

The Company may use derivative financial instruments,
including interest rate swaps, equity swaps, credit derivatives, options,
forward contracts and financial futures, as a means of hedging exposure to
interest rate, equity price change and foreign currency risk. The Company’s
insurance subsidiaries do not hold or issue derivative instruments for trading
purposes. The Company recognizes all derivatives, including certain derivative
instruments embedded in other contracts, as either assets or liabilities in the
consolidated balance sheet and measures those instruments at fair value. Where
applicable, hedge accounting is used to account for derivatives. For an
instrument to qualify as a hedge, the hedge relationship must be designated and
formally documented at inception, detailing the particular risk management
objective and strategy for the hedge, including the item and risk that is being
hedged, the derivative that is being used, and how effectiveness is being
assessed. A derivative must be highly effective in accomplishing the objective
of offsetting either changes in fair value or cash flows for the risk being hedged.
The effectiveness of these hedging relationships is evaluated on a
retrospective and prospective basis using quantitative measures of correlation.
If a hedge relationship is found to be ineffective, it no longer qualifies as a
hedge, and any excess gains or losses attributable to such ineffectiveness as
well as subsequent changes in fair value are recognized in net realized
investment gains (losses). The recognition of gains or losses on derivative
instruments that have been designated and qualify as a hedge depends upon
whether the derivative instrument is a fair value hedge, a cash flow hedge or a
foreign currency hedge.

Derivatives that do not
qualify for hedge accounting are carried at fair value with the changes in fair
value reflected in the consolidated statement of income in net realized
investment gains (losses).

164

THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

1.

   SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Nature of
Operations

The Company is organized into three reportable
business segments: Business Insurance, Financial, Professional &
International Insurance and Personal Insurance. In August 2006, the
Company announced a realignment of two of its three reportable business
segments. The former Commercial and Specialty segments were realigned into two
new reportable segments: the Business Insurance segment and the Financial,
Professional & International Insurance segment. The Personal segment
was renamed Personal Insurance. The changes were designed to reflect the manner
in which the Company’s businesses are currently managed and represent an
aggregation of products and services based on type of customer, how the
business is marketed and the manner in which risks are underwritten. The
following discussion reflects the realigned segment reporting structure, and
the financial data for prior periods presented has been reclassified to be
consistent with the new segment structure.

The specific business
segments are as follows:

Business Insurance

The Business
Insurance segment offers a broad array of property and casualty insurance and
insurance-related services to its clients primarily in the United States.
Business Insurance is organized into the following six groups, which
collectively comprise Business Insurance Core operations:

·

Select Accounts serves small businesses for
property and casualty products, including commercial multi-peril, property,
general liability, commercial auto and workers’ compensation insurance.

·

Commercial Accounts serves primarily
mid-sized businesses for property and casualty products, including property,
general liability, commercial multi-peril, commercial auto and workers’
compensation insurance. Certain units included in Commercial Accounts prior to
the realignment are now included in the Industry-Focused Underwriting, Target
Risk Underwriting or Specialized Distribution groups.

·

National Accounts comprises three business
units. The largest provides casualty products and services to large companies,
with particular emphasis on workers’ compensation, general liability and
automobile liability. National Accounts also includes Discover Re, which
provides property and casualty insurance products on an unbundled
 basis using third-party administrators for insureds who
utilize programs such as collateralized deductibles, captive reinsurers and
self-insurance. In addition, National Accounts includes the commercial residual
market business, which primarily offers workers’ compensation products and
services to the involuntary market.

·

Industry-Focused Underwriting. The following business units
serve targeted industries with differentiated combinations of insurance
coverage, risk management, claims handling and other services:

·

Construction serves a broad range of
construction businesses, offering guaranteed cost products for small to
mid-sized policyholders and loss sensitive programs for larger accounts. For
the larger accounts, the customer and the Company work together in actively
managing and controlling exposure and claims and they share risk through policy
features such as deductibles or retrospective rating. Products offered include
workers’ compensation, general liability and commercial auto coverages, and
other risk management solutions.

165

THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

1.

   SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

·

Technology serves small to mid-sized
companies involved in telecommunications, information technology, medical
technology and electronics manufacturing, offering a well-balanced
comprehensive portfolio of products and services. These products include
property, commercial auto, general liability, workers’ compensation, umbrella,
internet liability, technology errors and omissions coverages and global
companion products.

·

Public Sector Services markets insurance
products and services to public entities including municipalities, counties,
Indian Nation gaming and selected special government districts such as water
and sewer utilities. The policies written by this unit typically cover
property, commercial auto, general liability and errors and omissions
exposures.

·

Oil & Gas provides specialized
property and liability products and services for customers involved in the
exploration and production of oil and natural gas, including operators and
drilling contractors, as well as various service and supply companies and
manufacturers that support upstream operations. The policies written by this
business group insure drilling rigs, natural gas facilities, and production and
gathering platforms, and cover risks including physical damage, liability and
business interruption.

·

Agribusiness serves small to medium-sized agricultural
businesses, including farms, ranches, wineries and related operations, offering
property and liability coverages other than workers’ compensation.

·

Target Risk Underwriting. The following business units serve
commercial businesses requiring specialized product underwriting, claims
handling and risk management services:

·

National Property serves large and mid-sized customers,
including retailers, hospitals, colleges and universities, and owners of
industrial parks, office buildings, apartments and amusement parks, covering
losses on buildings, business assets and business interruption exposures.

·

Inland Marine provides insurance for goods in transit and
movable objects for customers such as jewelers, museums, contractors and the
transportation industry. Builders’ risk insurance is also offered to customers
during the construction, renovation or repair of buildings and other
structures.

·

Ocean Marine serves the marine
transportation industry and related services, as well as other businesses
involved in international trade. The Company’s product offerings fall under six
main coverage categories: marine liability, cargo, hull and machinery,
protection and indemnity, pleasure craft, and marine property and liability.

·

Excess Casualty serves small to mid-sized
commercial businesses, offering mono-line umbrella and excess coverage where
the Company does not write the primary casualty coverage, or where other
business units within the Company prefer to outsource the underwriting of
umbrella and excess business based on the expertise and/or limit capacity of
Excess Casualty.

·

Boiler & Machinery serves customers ranging from
small businesses to Fortune 100 companies, offering comprehensive breakdown
coverages for equipment, including property and business interruption coverages.
 Through the BoilerRe unit, Boiler &
Machinery also serves other 

166

THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

1.

   SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

property casualty carriers
that do not have in-house expertise with reinsurance, underwriting,
engineering, claim handling and risk management services for this type of
coverage.

·

Global Accounts provides insurance to U.S.
companies with foreign property and liability exposures (“home-foreign”), and
foreign organizations with property and liability exposures located in the
United States (“reverse-flow”), as part of a global program.

·

Specialized Distribution. The following business units
market and underwrite their products to customers predominantly through
licensed wholesale, general and program agents that manage customers’ unique
insurance requirements.

·

Northland provides insurance coverage for the commercial
transportation industry, as well as commercial liability and package policies
for small, difficult to place specialty classes of commercial business on an
admitted or excess and surplus lines basis.

·

National Programs offers tailored property and casualty
programs on an admitted basis for customers with common risk characteristics or
coverage requirements. Programs available include those for entertainment,
architects and engineers, equipment rental and golf services.

·

Underwriting Facilities serves small commercial businesses,
offering
 general liability, property and
commercial auto physical damage coverages on an admitted or excess and surplus
lines basis.

Business Insurance also
includes the Special Liability Group (which manages the Company’s asbestos and
environmental liabilities); the assumed reinsurance, health care, and certain
international and other runoff operations; policies written by the Company’s
Gulf operation (Gulf), which was placed into runoff during the second quarter
of 2004; and the Company’s Personal Catastrophe Risk operation, which was sold
in November 2005. The Company’s Personal Catastrophe Risk business had
been included in the Specialty segment prior to the August 2006 segment
realignment. In accordance with the terms of the sale agreement, the Company
retained responsibility for the pre-sale claims and claim adjustment expense reserves
related to the Personal Catastrophe Risk operation and remains responsible for
any changes in estimates in those reserves through a quota-share reinsurance
agreement. These are collectively referred to as Business Insurance Other. The
Personal Catastrophe Risk operation accounted for the majority of net written
premiums in this category in 2005. In 2004, Gulf and the Personal Catastrophe
Risk operation accounted for the majority of written premiums in this category.

Financial,
Professional & International Insurance

The Financial,
Professional & International Insurance segment includes surety and
financial liability coverages, which require a primarily credit-based
underwriting process, as well as property and casualty products that are
primarily marketed on an international basis. The segment includes the
following groups:

·

Bond & Financial Products provides
a wide range of customers with bond and insurance products and risk management
services. The range of coverages includes surety and fidelity bonds, for
construction and general commercial enterprises; professional liability and
management liability for public corporations, private companies and not-for-profit
organizations for losses caused by the negligence or misconduct of named
directors and officers; professional liability for a variety of professionals,
such 

167

THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

1.

   SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

as lawyers, design
professionals and real estate agents for liability from errors and omissions
committed in the course of professional conduct or practice; and a full range
of property, auto, liability, fidelity and professional/management liability
insurance for financial institutions. This business represents the fourth
quarter 2006 combination of the Company’s previous Bond
and 
Financial & Professional Services
marketing groups.

In December 2006, the Company reached a
definitive agreement to sell its Mexican surety subsidiary, Afianzadora
Insurgentes, S.A. de C.V., which accounted for $79 million of net written
premiums in 2006. The impact of this transaction will not be material to the
Company’s results of operations or financial condition.

·

International
and Lloyd’s includes coverages marketed to and underwritten for
several customer groups within the United Kingdom, Canada and the Republic of
Ireland and business written as a Corporate Member at Lloyd’s. 
International offers specialized insurance and risk
management services to several customer groups, including those in the
technology, public services, and financial and professional services industry
sectors. 
International primarily underwrites
employers’ liability (similar to workers’ compensation coverage in the United
States), public and product liability (the equivalent of general liability),
professional indemnity (similar to professional liability coverage), motor
(similar to automobile coverage in the United States) and property exposures. The
Company underwrites four principal lines of business—aviation, marine, global
property, and accident and special risks—through its Lloyd’s syndicate
(Syndicate 5000), for which the Company provides 100% of the capital. During
the second half of 2004, the Company made a decision to exit certain portions
of the Lloyd’s personal lines business and, in early 2005, sold the right to
renew this business as well as the operating companies that supported it.

Personal Insurance

The Personal Insurance segment writes virtually all
types of property and casualty insurance covering personal risks. The primary
coverages in Personal Insurance are automobile and homeowners insurance sold to
individuals. These products are distributed through independent agents,
sponsoring organizations such as employee and affinity groups, and joint
marketing arrangements with other insurers.

Automobile policies provide coverage for liability to
others for both bodily injury and property damage, and for physical damage to
an insured’s own vehicle from collision and various other perils. In addition,
many states require policies to provide first-party personal injury protection,
frequently referred to as no-fault coverage.

Homeowners policies are available for dwellings,
condominiums, mobile homes and rental property contents. Protection against
losses to dwellings and contents from a wide variety of perils is included in
these policies, as well as coverage for liability arising from ownership or
occupancy.

In January 2007, the
Company reached a definitive agreement to sell its subsidiary, Mendota
Insurance Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Mendakota Insurance
Company and Mendota Insurance Agency, Inc. These subsidiaries primarily
offered nonstandard automobile coverage and accounted for approximately $187 million
of net written premium volume in 2006. The sale is not expected to be material
to the Company’s results of operations or financial condition.

168

 THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

2. SEGMENT INFORMATION

The company is organized into three reportable
business segments: Business Insurance; Financial, Professional &
International Insurance; and Personal Insurance. The accounting policies used
to generate the following segment data are the same as those described in the
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in note 1. The amount of investments
in equity method investees and total expenditures for additions to long-lived
assets other than financial instruments were not material.

The Company allocates invested assets and the related
net investment income (NII) to its reportable business segments. Pretax net
investment income is allocated based upon an investable funds concept, which
takes into account liabilities (net of non-invested assets) and appropriate
capital considerations for each segment. The investment yield for investable
funds reflects the duration of the loss reserves’ future cash flows, the
interest rate environment at the time the losses were incurred and A+ rated
corporate debt instrument yields. The investment yield for capital reflects the
average yield on the total investment portfolio. It is the application of the
yields to the segments’ investable funds and capital that determines the
respective business segment’s share of actual NII.

The cost of the Company’s catastrophe treaty program
is included in the Company’s ceded premiums and is allocated among reportable
business segments based on an estimate of actual market reinsurance pricing
using expected losses calculated by the Company’s catastrophe model, adjusted
for any experience adjustments. For Hurricane Katrina in 2005, the initial
allocation of reinsurance recoverables to the segments was based upon the best
estimate of segment incurred losses.

The following tables summarize the components of the
Company’s revenues, operating income (loss) and total assets by reportable
business segments. Financial data for prior years presented in the tables was
reclassified to be consistent with the new segment structure implemented in
2006.

169

THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

2.
SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

 (at and for the year ended December 31, in millions)

 Business
 Insurance

 Financial,
 Professional &

 International 

 Insurance

 Personal
 Insurance

 Total
 Reportable

 Segments

 2006

 Premiums

 $

 10,876

 $

 3,321

 $

 6,563

 $

 20,760

 Net investment
 income

 2,538

 429

 548

 3,515

 Fee income

 591

 —

 —

 591

 Other revenues

 44

 26

 94

 164

 Total operating revenues(1)

 $

 14,049

 $

 3,776

 $

 7,205

 $

 25,030

 Amortization and
 depreciation

 $

 2,109

 $

 769

 $

 1,282

 $

 4,160

 Income tax
 expense

 918

 199

 518

 1,635

 Operating
 income(1)

 2,622

 609

 1,132

 4,363

 2005

 Premiums

 $

 11,116

 $

 3,197

 $

 6,028

 $

 20,341

 Net investment
 income

 2,341

 360

 457

 3,158

 Fee income

 663

 1

 —

 664

 Other revenues

 64

 20

 96

 180

 Total operating revenues(1)

 $

 14,184

 $

 3,578

 $

 6,581

 $

 24,343

 Amortization and
 depreciation

 $

 2,053

 $

 764

 $

 1,141

 $

 3,958

 Income tax
 expense

 172

 226

 342

 740

 Operating
 income(1)

 1,044

 391

 775

 2,210

 2004

 Premiums

 $

 10,929

 $

 2,529

 $

 5,580

 $

 19,038

 Net investment
 income

 1,980

 235

 442

 2,657

 Fee income

 706

 —

 —

 706

 Other revenues

 60

 17

 91

 168

 Total operating revenues(1)

 $

 13,675

 $

 2,781

 $

 6,113

 $

 22,569

 Amortization and
 depreciation

 $

 1,446

 $

 570

 $

 952

 $

 2,968

 Income tax
 expense (benefit)

 (93

 )

 (181

 )

 442

 168

 Operating income
 (loss)(1)

 460

 (322

 )

 939

 1,077

(1)
          Operating revenues for
reportable business segments exclude net realized investment gains (losses) and
revenues from discontinued operations. Operating income (loss) for reportable
business segments equals net income excluding the after-tax impact of net
realized investment gains (losses) and the after-tax impact of discontinued
operations.

170

THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

2. SEGMENT
INFORMATION (Continued)

Net written premiums by
market were as follows:

 (for the year ended December 31, in millions)

 2006

 2005

 2004

 Business Insurance:

 Select Accounts

 $

 2,663

 $

 2,722

 $

 2,555

 Commercial Accounts

 2,376

 2,330

 2,273

 National Accounts

 1,135

 1,230

 1,040

 Industry-Focused Underwriting

 2,196

 2,080

 1,747

 Target Risk Underwriting

 1,629

 1,482

 1,345

 Specialized Distribution

 1,022

 908

 807

 Total Business Insurance Core

 11,021

 10,752

 9,767

 Business Insurance Other

 25

 247

 607

 Total Business Insurance

 11,046

 10,999

 10,374

 Financial,
 Professional & International Insurance:

 Bond & Financial Products

 2,255

 2,117

 1,819

 International and Lloyd’s

 1,138

 1,042

 889

 Total Financial, Professional &
 International Insurance

 3,393

 3,159

 2,708

 Personal
 Insurance:

 Automobile

 3,692

 3,477

 3,433

 Homeowners and other

 3,019

 2,751

 2,496

 Total Personal Insurance

 6,711

 6,228

 5,929

 Total
 consolidated written premiums

 $

 21,150

 $

 20,386

 $

 19,011

171

THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

2.
SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

Business Segment Reconciliations

 (at and for the year ended December 31, in millions)

 2006

 2005

 2004

 Revenue reconciliation

 Earned premiums

 Business Insurance:

 Commercial multi-peril

 $

 3,056

 $

 2,958

 $

 2,755

 Workers’ compensation

 1,970

 2,015

 1,932

 Commercial automobile

 1,999

 2,144

 2,081

 Property

 1,901

 1,860

 1,934

 General liability

 1,929

 2,075

 2,085

 Other

 21

 64

 142

 Total Business Insurance

 10,876

 11,116

 10,929

 Financial, Professional & International
 Insurance:

 Fidelity and surety

 1,093

 1,053

 881

 General liability

 1,005

 912

 680

 International

 1,101

 1,126

 898

 Other

 122

 106

 70

 Total Financial,
 Professional & International Insurance

 3,321

 3,197

 2,529

 Personal Insurance:

 Automobile

 3,672

 3,428

 3,320

 Homeowners and other

 2,891

 2,600

 2,260

 Total Personal Insurance

 6,563

 6,028

 5,580

 Total earned premiums

 20,760

 20,341

 19,038

 Net investment income

 3,515

 3,158

 2,657

 Fee income

 591

 664

 706

 Other revenues

 164

 180

 168

 Total operating revenues
 for reportable segments

 25,030

 24,343

 22,569

 Interest Expense and
 Other

 49

 5

 14

 Net realized investment
 gains (losses)

 11

 17

 (39

 )

 Total consolidated
 revenues

 $

 25,090

 $

 24,365

 $

 22,544

 Income reconciliation, net of tax and minority
 interest

 Total operating income
 for reportable segments

 $

 4,363

 $

 2,210

 $

 1,077

 Interest Expense and
 Other(1)

 (163

 )

 (184

 )

 (182

 )

 Total operating income
 from continuing operations

 4,200

 2,026

 895

 Net realized investment
 gains (losses)

 8

 35

 (28

 )

 Total income from
 continuing operations

 4,208

 2,061

 867

 Discontinued operations

 —

 (439

 )

 88

 Total consolidated net income

 $

 4,208

 $

 1,622

 $

 955

(1)
          The
primary component of Interest Expense and Other is after-tax interest expense
of $207 million, $186 million and $151 million in 2006, 2005 and 2004,
respectively. The 2006 total also reflects a $27 million after-tax gain on the
redemption of the Company’s $593 million, 7.60% subordinated debentures. See
note 7.

172

THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

2.
SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

 (at December 31, in millions)

 2006

 2005

 Asset
 reconciliation:

 Business Insurance

 $

 86,640

 $

 87,188

 Financial, Professional & International
 Insurance

 13,265

 11,908

 Personal Insurance

 13,294

 12,710

 Total assets for reportable segments

 113,199

 111,806

 Other assets(1)

 562

 1,381

 Total consolidated
 assets

 $

 113,761

 $

 113,187

(1)
          The
primary components of other assets in 2006 were accrued over-funded benefit
plan assets and deferred taxes, and in 2005 were invested assets, prepaid
pension costs and deferred taxes. Beginning in 2006, the Company allocated a
higher percentage of invested assets held at the parent company to its
reportable business segments to be consistent with the manner in which
management reviews segment results.

Enterprise-Wide
Disclosures

Revenues from internal customers for the years ended December 31,
2006, 2005 and 2004 were not material. Foreign assets at December 31, 2006
and 2005 also were not significant. The Company does not have revenue from
transactions with a single customer amounting to 10 percent or more of its revenues. 

The
following table presents revenues of the Company’s operations based on
location:

 (for the year ended December 31, in millions)

 2006

 2005

 2004

 U.S.

 $

 23,588

 $

 22,908

 $

 21,640

 Non-U.S.

 1,502

 1,457

 904

 Total revenues

 $

 25,090

 $

 24,365

 $

 22,544

173

 THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

3. INVESTMENTS

Fixed Maturities

The Company’s investment portfolio includes the fixed
maturities, equity securities, and other investments acquired in the merger at
their fair values as of the merger date. The fair value at acquisition became
the new cost basis for these investments.

The
amortized cost and fair value of investments in fixed maturities classified as
available for sale were as follows:

 Amortized

 Gross Unrealized

 (at December 31, 2006, in millions)

 Cost

 Gains

 Losses

 Fair Value

 Mortgage-backed
 securities, collateralized mortgage obligations and pass-through securities

 $

 7,665

 $

 52

 $

 128

 $

 7,589

 U.S. Treasury
 securities and obligations of U.S. Government and government agencies
 and authorities

 2,736

 13

 31

 2,718

 Obligations of
 states, municipalities and political 
 subdivisions

 35,326

 661

 80

 35,907

 Debt securities
 issued by foreign governments

 1,550

 12

 10

 1,552

 All other
 corporate bonds

 14,866

 165

 247

 14,784

 Redeemable
 preferred stock

 101

 16

 1

 116

 Total

 $

 62,244

 $

 919

 $

 497

 $

 62,666

 Amortized

 Gross Unrealized

 (at December 31, 2005, in millions)

 Cost

 Gains

 Losses

 Fair Value

 Mortgage-backed
 securities, collateralized mortgage obligations and pass-through securities

 $

 7,997

 $

 66

 $

 121

 $

 7,942

 U.S. Treasury
 securities and obligations of U.S. Government and government agencies
 and authorities

 3,458

 18

 35

 3,441

 Obligations of
 states, municipalities and political 
 subdivisions

 31,372

 587

 137

 31,822

 Debt securities
 issued by foreign governments

 1,583

 11

 6

 1,588

 All other
 corporate bonds

 14,098

 201

 230

 14,069

 Redeemable
 preferred stock

 108

 14

 1

 121

 Total

 $

 58,616

 $

 897

 $

 530

 $

 58,983

174

THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

3.
INVESTMENTS (Continued)

The amortized cost and
fair value of fixed maturities by contractual maturity follow. Actual
maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have
the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment
penalties.

 (at December 31, 2006, in millions)

 Amortized
 Cost

 Fair
 Value

 Due in one year
 or less

 $

 3,484

 $

 3,477

 Due after 1 year
 through 5 years

 13,161

 13,173

 Due after 5 years
 through 10 years

 16,950

 16,999

 Due after 10
 years

 20,984

 21,428

 54,579

 55,077

 Mortgage-backed
 securities

 7,665

 7,589

 Total

 $

 62,244

 $

 62,666

The Company makes investments in collateralized
mortgage obligations (CMOs) that typically have high credit quality, offer good
liquidity and are expected to provide an advantage in yield compared to U.S.
Treasury securities. The Company’s investment strategy is to purchase CMO
tranches which offer the most favorable return given the risks involved. One
significant risk evaluated is prepayment sensitivity. The Company does not
purchase residual interests in CMOs.

At December 31, 2006 and 2005, the Company held
CMOs classified as available for sale with a fair value of $3.56 billion and
$3.43 billion, respectively (excluding Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities of
$1.07 billion and $1.16 billion, respectively). Approximately 36% and 43% of
the Company’s CMO holdings are guaranteed by or fully collateralized by securities
issued by GNMA, FNMA or FHLMC at December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively.
In addition, the Company held $4.36 billion and $4.83 billion of GNMA, FNMA,
FHLMC or FHA mortgage-backed pass-through securities classified as available
for sale at December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Virtually all of
these securities are rated Aaa.

At December 31, 2006 and 2005, the Company had
$1.67 billion and $2.67 billion, respectively, of securities on loan as part of
a tri-party lending agreement. At December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively,
$0 and $119 million of securities were subject to dollar-roll repurchase
agreements.

Proceeds from sales of fixed maturities classified as
available for sale were $4.40 billion, $5.19 billion and $7.95 billion in 2006,
2005 and 2004, respectively. Gross gains of $95 million, $129 million and
$202 million and gross losses of $121 million, $118 million and $126
million were realized on those sales in 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

At December 31, 2006 and 2005, the Company’s insurance
subsidiaries had $4.44 billion and $4.00 billion, respectively, of
securities on deposit at financial institutions in certain states pursuant to
the respective states’ insurance regulatory requirements.

The Company has certain
subsidiaries that are required to hold investments in trust in conjunction with
its runoff reinsurance businesses. These trust funds had a fair value of $298
million and $374 million at December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Additionally,
these subsidiaries have funds deposited with third parties to be used as
collateral to secure various liabilities on behalf of insureds, cedants and
other creditors. These funds had a fair value of $43 million at both December 31,
2006 and 2005. The Company also had $253 million of other investments pledged
as collateral securing outstanding letters of credit.

175

THE ST. PAUL TRAVELERS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

3.
INVESTMENTS (Continued)

Equity Securities

The
cost and fair value of investments in equity securities were as follows:

 Gross Unrealized

 Fair

 (at December 31, 2006, in millions)

 Cost

  Gains 

  Losses 

 Value

 Common stock

 $

 88

 $

 27

 $

 —

 $

 115

 Non-redeemable
 preferred stock

 348

 15

 5

 358

 Total

 $

 436

 $

 42

 $

 5

 $

 473

 Gross Unrealized

 Fair

 (at December 31, 2005, in millions)

 Cost

  Gains 

  Losses 

 Value

 Common stock

 $

 136

 $

 24

 $

 3

 $

 157

 Non-redeemable
 preferred stock

 402

 24

 4

 422

 Total

 $

 538

 $

 48

 $

 7

 $

 579

Proceeds from sales of
equity securities were $285 million, $403 million and $265 million in 2006,
2005 and 2004, respectively, resulting in gross realized gains of $29 million,
$43 million and $37 million and gross realized losses of $4 million, $9 million
and $8 million, respectively.

Real Estate

The Company’s real estate investments include
warehouses, office buildings, land, and other commercial real estate assets
that are directly owned. The Company negotiates commercial leases with
individual tenants through unrelated, licensed real estate brokers. Negotiated
terms and conditions include, among others, rental rates, length of lease
period and improvements to the premises to be provided by the landlord.

Proceeds from the sale of real estate investments
totaled $37 million in 2005. Gross gains of $15 million were realized on
those sales, and no gross losses were recognized. The Company did not sell any
real estate investments in 2006 or 2004.

Future minimum rental
income expected on operating leases relating to the Company’s real estate