This section highlights specific risks that could affect our business and us. Although this
section attempts to highlight key factors, please be aware that other risks may prove to be
important in the future. New risks may emerge at any time and we cannot predict such risks or
estimate the extent to which they may affect our financial performance. In addition to the factors
discussed elsewhere or incorporated by reference in this report, among the other factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially are the following:

Consolidation among financial institutions, including the merger of TSYS clients with entities that
are not TSYS clients or the sale of portfolios by TSYS clients to entities that are not TSYS
clients, or the nationalization or seizure by banking regulators of TSYS clients, could materially
impact our financial position and results of operation.

     Consolidation among financial institutions, particularly in the area of credit card
operations, continues to be a major risk. Specifically, we face the risk that our clients may
merge with entities that are not our clients, our clients may sell portfolios to entities that are
not our clients and, based on current economic conditions, our clients may be seized by banking
regulators or nationalized, thereby impacting our existing agreements and projected revenues with
these clients. In addition, consolidation among financial institutions has led to an increasingly
concentrated client base at TSYS which results in a changing client mix toward larger clients.
Continued consolidations among financial institutions could increase the bargaining power of our
current and future clients. Consolidation among financial institutions, the nationalization of
financial institutions or the seizure by banking regulators of financial institutions and the
resulting loss of any significant client by us could have a material adverse effect on our
financial position and results of operations.

If we do not successfully renew or renegotiate our agreements with our clients, our business will
suffer.

     A significant amount of our revenues is derived from long-term contracts with large clients,
including a major customer. Consolidation among financial institutions has resulted in an
increasingly concentrated client base. The financial position of these clients and their
willingness to pay for our products and services are affected by general market positions,
competitive pressures and operating margins within their industries. Renewal or renegotiation time
presents our clients with the opportunity to consider other providers. The loss or renegotiation
of our contracts with existing clients or a significant decline in the number of transactions we
process for them could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of
operation.

Economic conditions could adversely affect our business.

     A significant portion of our revenues is derived from the number of consumer credit
transactions that we process which may be affected by, among other things, overall economic
conditions. As a result of current economic conditions in the United States, credit card issuers
have been reducing credit limits and closing accounts and are more selective with respect to whom
they issue credit cards which could negatively impact the number of accounts we have on

5

Table of Contents

file for our clients, for which we receive a fee, and internal growth rates for our clients.
Future reductions in consumer spending through credit card usage could have a material adverse
affect on our financial position and results of operations.

Security and privacy breaches in our systems and system failures may damage client relations, our
reputation and expose us to liability.

     The uninterrupted operation of our processing systems and the confidentiality of the client
information that resides on our systems is critical to our business. We have security, backup and
recovery systems in place, as well as business continuity plans designed to ensure our systems will
not be inoperable. However, there is still a risk that a system outage or data loss may occur
which would not only damage our reputation but as a result of contractual commitments could also
require the payment of penalties to our clients if our systems do not meet certain operating
standards. We also have what we believe to be sufficient security around our systems to prevent
unauthorized access. Any failures in our security and privacy measures or any system interruption
could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. We
electronically store personal information, such as credit card numbers, about consumers who are
customers of our clients. If we are unable to protect, or our clients perceive that we are unable
to protect, the security and privacy of our electronic transactions, our growth could be materially
adversely affected. A security or privacy breach or a system failure may:

•

cause our clients to lose confidence in our services;

•

harm our reputation;

•

expose us to financial liability; and

•

increase our expenses from potential remediation costs.

     Our ability to attract and retain clients and employees could be adversely affected to the
extent our reputation is damaged. While we believe we use proven applications designed for data
security and integrity to process electronic transactions, there can be no assurance that our use
of these applications will be sufficient to counter all current and emerging technology threats
designed to breach our systems in order to gain access to confidential client information or our
intellectual property or assurance that our use of these applications will be sufficient to address
the security and privacy concerns of existing and potential clients.

We may incur expenses associated with the signing of a significant client to our processing system
and in connection with our efforts to grow internationally or incur other costs that may hurt our
financial results

.

     We incur significant up-front expenses prior to converting a significant client to our
processing systems. In the event we enter into a processing contract with a significant client,
these expenses will directly affect our earnings results. In addition, we provide services to our
clients worldwide. We are likely to incur costs in growing our business internationally, and there
is no guarantee that such international expansion will be successful. We may also incur other
expenses and costs, such as operating and marketing expenses. If we are unable to successfully
manage these expenses as our business develops, changes and expands, our financial position and
results of operations could be negatively impacted. In addition, changes in accounting policies
can significantly affect how we calculate expenses and earnings.

6

Table of Contents

There may be a decline in the use of credit cards as a payment mechanism for consumers or adverse
developments with respect to the credit card industry in general.

     If consumers do not continue to use credit cards as a payment mechanism for their transactions
or if there is a change in the mix of payments between cash, credit cards and debit cards, it could
have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. We believe
future growth in the use of credit cards will be driven by the cost, ease-of-use, and quality of
products and services offered to consumers and businesses. In order to consistently increase and
maintain our profitability, consumers and businesses must continue to use credit cards. Moreover,
if there is an adverse development in the credit card industry in general, such as new legislation
or regulation that makes it more difficult for our clients to do business, our financial position
and results of operations may be adversely affected.

We may not convert and deconvert client’s portfolios as scheduled.

     The timing of the conversion of card portfolios of new clients to our processing systems and
the deconversion of existing clients to other systems impacts our revenues and expenses. There is
no guarantee that conversions and deconversions will occur as scheduled and this may have a
material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.

Acquisitions and integrating such acquisitions create certain risks and may affect our financial
results.

     We have acquired businesses both in the United States and internationally and will continue to
explore opportunities for strategic acquisitions in the future. The acquisition and integration of
businesses involves a number of risks. The core risks are in the areas of valuation (negotiating a
fair price for the business based on inherently limited diligence) and integration (managing the
complex process of integrating the acquired company’s people, products, technology and other assets
so as to realize the projected value of the acquired company and the synergies projected to be
realized in connection with the acquisition). In addition, international acquisitions often
involve additional or increased risks including for example:

•

managing geographically separated organizations, systems and facilities;

•

integrating personnel with diverse business backgrounds and organizational cultures;

•

complying with foreign regulatory requirements;

•

fluctuations in currency exchange rates;

•

difficulty entering new foreign markets due to, among other things, customer
acceptance and business knowledge of these new markets; and

•

general economic and political conditions.

     The process of integrating operations could cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in,
the activities of one or more of our combined businesses and the possible loss of key personnel.
The diversion of management’s attention and any delays or difficulties encountered in connection
with acquisitions and the integration of the two companies’ operations could have an adverse effect
on our financial position and results of operations.

7

Table of Contents

Our business may be adversely affected by risks associated with foreign operations.

     We provide services to our clients worldwide. As a result, our revenues derived from
international operations are subject to risk of loss from foreign currency exchange rates. Revenue
and profit generated by international operations will increase or decrease compared to prior
periods as a result of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We have not entered into
foreign exchange forward contracts to mitigate the risks associated with our foreign operations.
In addition, we may become subject to exchange control regulations that might restrict or prohibit
the conversion of our foreign currency into U.S. dollars. The occurrence of any of these factors
could decrease the value of revenues we receive from international operations and adversely affect
our financial position and results of operations. In addition, our revenues derived from
international operations are subject to risk of loss as a result of social instability and
unfavorable political or diplomatic developments which could negatively impact our financial
results.

The costs and effects of litigation, investigations or similar matters, or adverse facts and
developments related thereto, could materially affect our financial position and results of
operations

.

     We
are involved in various litigation matters and from time to time may
be involved in governmental or regulatory investigations or similar
matters arising out of our business. Our insurance may not cover all claims that may be asserted
against it, and any claims asserted against us, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, may harm
our reputation. Should the ultimate judgments or settlements in any
pending litigation or future litigation or investigation
significantly exceed our insurance coverage, they could have a material adverse effect on our
financial position and results of operations. In addition, we may not be able to obtain
appropriate types or levels of insurance in the future, nor may we be able to obtain adequate
replacement policies with acceptable terms, if at all. For more information about our legal
proceedings, see Item 3 of this annual report.

The ability to adapt technology to changing industry and customer needs or trends may affect our
competitiveness or demand for our products, which may adversely affect our financial results.

     Changes
in technology may limit the competitiveness of and demand for our
services and may result in our disintermediation from the payments
value chain. The
electronic payments market in which we compete is subject to rapid and significant technological
changes, developing industry standards and changing customer needs and preferences. Also, our
customers continue to adopt new technology for business and personal uses. We must anticipate and
respond to these industry and customer changes in order to remain competitive. Our inability to
respond to new competitors and technological advancements could have a material adverse affect on
our financial position and results of operations.

Changes in the laws, regulations, credit card association rules or other industry standards
affecting our business may impose costly compliance burdens and negatively impact our business.

     There may be changes in the laws, regulations, credit card association rules or other industry
standards that affect our operating environment in substantial and
unpredictable ways in the U.S. as well as internationally.

8

Table of Contents

Changes to statutes, regulations or industry standards, including interpretation and
implementation of statutes, regulations or standards, could increase the cost of doing business or
affect the competitive balance. Regulation of the payments industry has increased significantly in
recent years. Failure to comply with laws, rules and regulations or standards to which we are
subject in the U.S. as well as internationally, including the card network rules and rules with respect to privacy and information
security, may result in the suspension or revocation of a license or registration, the limitation,
suspension or termination of service, and the imposition of fines, sanctions or other penalties,
which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations, as
well as damage our reputation.

     We and the rest of the financial services industry continue to experience increased
legislative and regulatory scrutiny, including the enactment of additional legislative and
regulatory initiatives such as the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. This
legislation provides for significant financial regulatory reform. The Reform Act, among other
things, provides for the regulation and oversight by the Federal Reserve Board of debit interchange
fees that are typically paid by acquirers and charged or received by a payment card network for the
purpose of compensating an issuer for its involvement in an electronic debit transaction. The
Reform Act also created a new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau which will assume responsibility
for most federal consumer protection laws in the area of financial services, including consumer
credit. In addition, the Reform Act created a Financial Stability Oversight Council that has the
authority to determine whether nonbank financial companies such as TSYS should be supervised by the
Federal Reserve Board because they are systemically important to the U.S. financial system. Any
such designation would result in increased regulatory burdens on our business. The overall impact
of the Reform Act on TSYS is difficult to estimate, in part because regulations need to be adopted
by the Federal Reserve Board with respect to interchange fees, and by the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau with respect to consumer financial products and services. These regulations may
adversely affect our business or operations, directly or indirectly (if, for example, our clients’
businesses and operations are adversely affected). In addition, we are subject to tax laws in each
jurisdiction where we do business. Changes in tax laws or their interpretations could decrease the
value of revenues we receive, the value of tax losses and tax credits carry forwards recorded on
our balance sheet and the amount of our cash flow and have a material adverse effect on our
financial position and results of operations.

We are subject to the business cycles and credit risk of our merchant customers and our independent
sales organizations.

     The current recessionary economic environment could affect our merchants through a higher rate
of bankruptcy filings, resulting in lower revenues and earnings for us. Our merchants are liable
for any charges properly reversed by the card issuer on behalf of the cardholder. Our merchants
and ISOs are also liable for any fines, or penalties, that may be assessed by any card networks.
In the event, however, that we are not able to collect such amounts from the merchants or ISOs, due
to merchant fraud, breach of contract, insolvency, bankruptcy or any other reason, we may be liable
for any such charges which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results
of operations.

9

Table of Contents

We incur chargeback liability when our merchants refuse or cannot reimburse chargebacks resolved in
favor of their customers. We cannot accurately anticipate these liabilities, which may adversely
affect our financial results.

     In the event a billing dispute between a cardholder and a merchant is not resolved in favor of
the merchant, the transaction is normally “charged back” to the merchant and the purchase price is
credited or otherwise refunded to the cardholder. If we are unable to collect such amounts from
the merchant’s account or reserve account (if applicable), or if the merchant refuses or is unable,
due to closure, bankruptcy or other reasons, to reimburse us for a chargeback, we bear the loss for
the amount of the refund paid to the cardholder. We may experience significant losses from
chargebacks in the future. Any increase in chargebacks not paid by our merchants could have a
material adverse affect on our financial position and results of operation.

Fraud by merchants or others may adversely affect our financial results.

     We have potential liability for fraudulent bankcard transactions or credits initiated by
merchants or others. Examples of merchant fraud include when a merchant knowingly uses a stolen or
counterfeit bankcard or card number to record a false sales transaction, processes an invalid
bankcard, or intentionally fails to deliver the merchandise or services sold in an otherwise valid
transaction. Criminals are using increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal
activities such as counterfeit and fraud. While we have systems and procedures designed to detect
and reduce the impact of fraud, we cannot assure the effectiveness of these measures. It is
possible that incidents of fraud could increase in the future. Failure to effectively manage risk
and prevent fraud would increase our chargeback liability or other liability. Increases in
chargebacks or other liability could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and
results of operations.

We may not be able to successfully manage our intellectual property and may be subject to
infringement claims.

     In the rapidly developing legal framework, we rely on a combination of contractual rights and
copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws to establish and protect our proprietary
technology. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property, third parties may infringe
or misappropriate our intellectual property or may develop software or technology competitive to
us. Our competitors may independently develop similar technology, duplicate our products or
services or design around our intellectual property rights. We may have to litigate to enforce and
protect our intellectual property rights, trade secrets and know-how or to determine their scope,
validity or enforceability, which is expensive and could cause a diversion of resources and may not
prove successful. The loss of intellectual property protection or the inability to secure or
enforce intellectual property protection could harm our business and ability to compete.

     We may also be subject to costly litigation in the event our products and technology infringe
upon another party’s proprietary rights. Third parties may have, or may eventually be issued,
patents that would be infringed by our products or technology. Any of these third parties could
make a claim of infringement against us with respect to our products or technology. We may also be
subject to claims by third parties for breach of copyright, trademark or license usage

10

Table of Contents

rights. Any such claims and any resulting litigation could subject us to significant liability for
damages. An adverse determination in any litigation of this type could require us to design around
a third party’s patent or to license alternative technology from another party. In addition,
litigation is time consuming and expensive to defend and could result in the diversion of the time
and attention of our management and employees. Any claim from third parties may result in
limitation on our ability to use the intellectual property subject to these claims.

If we lose key personnel or are unable to attract additional qualified personnel, our business
could be adversely affected.

     We are dependent upon the ability and experience of a number of highly skilled technical,
management and sales and marketing personnel who have substantial experience with our operations,
the rapidly changing transaction processing industry and markets in which we offer our services.
It is possible that the loss of the services of one or a combination of our key personnel would
have an adverse effect on our operations. Our success also depends on our ability to continue to
attract, manage and retain additional qualified management and technical personnel. Competition
for the best people, particularly those individuals with technology experience, is intense. We
cannot guarantee that we will continue to attract or retain such personnel.