This section highlights specific risks that could affect our business and us. Although this
section attempts to highlight key factors, please be aware that other risks may prove to be
important in the future. New risks may emerge at any time and we cannot predict such risks or
estimate the extent to which they may affect our financial performance. In addition to the factors
discussed elsewhere or incorporated by reference in this report, among the other factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially are the following:

If we do not successfully renew or renegotiate our agreements with our clients, our business will
suffer.

     A significant amount of our revenues is derived from long-term contracts with large clients,
including certain major customers. Consolidation among financial institutions has resulted in an
increasingly concentrated client base. The financial position of these clients and their
willingness to pay for our products and services are affected by general market positions,
competitive pressures and operating margins within their industries. Renewal or renegotiation time
presents our clients with the opportunity to consider other providers. The loss or renegotiation
of our contracts with existing clients or a significant decline in the number of transactions we
process for them could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of
operation.

Consolidation among financial institutions, including the merger of TSYS clients with entities that
are not TSYS clients or the sale of portfolios by TSYS clients to entities that are not TSYS
clients could materially impact our financial position and results of operation.

     Consolidation among financial institutions, particularly in the area of credit card
operations, continues to be a major risk. Specifically, we face the risk that our clients may
merge with entities that are not our clients or our clients may sell portfolios to entities that
are not our clients, thereby impacting our existing agreements and projected revenues with these
clients. In addition, consolidation among financial institutions has
led to an increasingly concentrated client base at TSYS which increases the pressure on our profit
margins. Consolidation among financial institutions and the loss of any significant client by us
could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.

Accounts on file may be lower than anticipated and internal growth rates for our existing clients
may be lower than anticipated.

     Our electronic payment processing services revenues are generated from charges based on
several factors, one of which is the number of accounts on file. There is no guarantee that
accounts on file will be as we anticipate and this could have a material adverse effect on our

4

Table of Contents

financial position and results of operations. Furthermore, a significant amount of our revenues is
derived from certain large clients and internal growth rates for these existing clients may be
lower than anticipated, thereby negatively impacting our business.

We may incur expenses associated with the signing of a significant client to our processing system
and in connection with our efforts to grow internationally or incur other costs that may hurt our
financial results

.

     We incur significant up-front expenses prior to converting a significant client to our
processing systems. In the event we enter into a processing contract with a significant client,
these expenses will directly affect our earnings results. In addition, we provide services to our
clients worldwide and plan to continue to expand our service offerings internationally in the
future. We are likely to incur costs in growing our business internationally, and there is no
guarantee that such international expansion will be successful. We may also incur other expenses
and costs, such as operating and marketing expenses. If we are unable to successfully manage these
expenses as our business develops, changes and expands, our financial position and results of
operations could be negatively impacted. In addition, changes in accounting policies can
significantly affect how we calculate expenses and earnings.

There may be a decline in the use of credit cards as a payment mechanism for consumers or adverse
developments with respect to the credit card industry in general.

     If consumers do not continue to use credit cards as a payment mechanism for their transactions
or if there is a change in the mix of payments between cash, credit cards and debit cards, it could
have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. We believe
future growth in the use of credit cards will be driven by the cost, ease-of-use, and quality of
products and services offered to consumers and businesses. In order to consistently increase and
maintain our profitability, consumers and businesses must continue to use credit cards. Moreover,
if there is an adverse development in the credit card industry in general, such as new legislation
or regulation that makes it more difficult for our clients to do business, our financial position
and results of operations may be adversely affected.

We may not convert and deconvert clients’ portfolios as scheduled.

     The timing of the conversion of card portfolios of new clients to our processing systems and
the deconversion of existing clients to other systems impacts our revenues and expenses. There is
no guarantee that conversions and deconversions will occur as scheduled and this may have a
material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.

We have pursued various strategic acquisitions and these acquisitions may be more difficult to
integrate than anticipated.

     We regularly explore opportunities for strategic acquisitions and expect to grow, in part,
through such acquisitions. Difficulty in integrating an acquired company may cause us not to
realize expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence,
and/or other projected benefits of the acquisition. The integration could result in loss of key

5

Table of Contents

employees, disruption of our business or the business of the acquired company, or otherwise
adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with clients or achieve the anticipated
benefits of the acquisition. These factors could contribute to us not achieving the anticipated
benefits of the acquisition within the desired time frames, if at all.

Our business may be adversely affected by risks associated with foreign operations.

     We provide services to our clients worldwide and plan to continue to expand our service
offerings internationally in the future. As a result, our business and revenues derived from
international operations are subject to risk of loss from currency fluctuations, social
instability, changes in government policies, unfavorable political or diplomatic developments and
changes in legislation related to non-U.S. ownership. Any adverse change in one of the foregoing
factors could impact our plans to continue to expand our business internationally and adversely
affect our financial position and results of operations.

The costs and effects of litigation, investigations or similar matters, or adverse facts and
developments related thereto, could materially affect our financial position and results of
operations

.

     We may be involved from time to time in a variety of litigation, investigations or similar
matters arising out of our business. Our insurance may not cover all claims that may be asserted
against it, and any claims asserted against us, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, may harm
our reputation. Should the ultimate judgments or settlements in any litigation or investigation
significantly exceed our insurance coverage, they could have a material adverse effect on our
financial position and results of operations. In addition, we may not be able to obtain
appropriate types or levels of insurance in the future, nor may we be able to obtain adequate
replacement policies with acceptable terms, if at all.

Changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the regulatory agencies, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board, or other authoritative bodies, could materially impact our
financial statements.

     Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial
position and results of operations. From time to time, the regulatory agencies, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board, and other authoritative bodies change the financial accounting and
reporting standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. These changes can be
hard to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial position and
results of operations.

If we do not anticipate and respond to technological change or changes in industry standards,
particularly with respect to e-commerce, our services could become obsolete and we could lose our
clients.

     Our success depends, in part, on our ability to timely, successfully and cost-effectively
improve and implement processing systems to provide new products, increased functionality and
increased efficiencies. The widespread adoption of new technologies could require us to make

6

Table of Contents

substantial expenditures to modify or adopt our existing products and services, and we may not be
successful in improving and implementing our processing systems or in achieving market acceptance
of these new technologies. If competitors introduce new products and services embodying new
technologies, or if new industry standards and practices emerge, particularly with respect to
e-commerce, our existing product and service offerings, proprietary technology and systems may
become obsolete. Further, if we fail to adopt or develop these new technologies or to adapt our
products and services to emerging industry standards, we may lose current and future clients, which
could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. Our
industry is changing rapidly. To remain competitive, we must continue to enhance and improve the
functionality and features of our processing systems, products, services and technologies.

Changes in the laws, regulations, credit card association rules or other industry standards
affecting our business may require significant product redevelopment efforts or may reduce the
market for or value of our products.

     There may be changes in the laws, regulations, credit card association rules or other industry
standards that affect our operating environment in substantial and unpredictable ways. Changes to
statutes, regulations or industry standards, including interpretation and implementation of
statutes, regulations or standards, could increase or decrease the cost of doing business or affect
the competitive balance. We cannot predict whether any of this potential legislation will be
enacted or whether any credit card association rule or other industry standard will change, and if
enacted or changed, the effect that it would have on our financial position or results of
operations. These changes may require us to incur significant expenses to redevelop our products,
but there is no guarantee that we would be successful or that there would be a market for or value
of our products. Also, if we do not comply with laws, regulations, policies or standards, we
could receive regulatory sanctions and damage to our reputation.

We may not be able to successfully manage our intellectual property and may be subject to
infringement claims.

     In the rapidly developing legal framework, we rely on a combination of contractual rights and
copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws to establish and protect our proprietary
technology. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property, third parties may infringe
or misappropriate our intellectual property or may develop software or technology competitive to
us. Our competitors may independently develop similar technology, duplicate our products or
services or design around our intellectual property rights. We may have to litigate to enforce and
protect our intellectual property rights, trade secrets and know-how or to determine their scope,
validity or enforceability, which is expensive and could cause a diversion of resources and may not
prove successful. The loss of intellectual property protection or the inability to secure or
enforce intellectual property protection could harm our business and ability to compete.

     We may also be subject to costly litigation in the event our products and technology infringe
upon another party’s proprietary rights. Third parties may have, or may eventually be issued,
patents that would be infringed by our products or technology. Any of these third parties could
make a claim of infringement against us with respect to our products or technology. We

7

Table of Contents

may also be subject to claims by third parties for breach of copyright, trademark or license usage rights. Any
such claims and any resulting litigation could subject us to significant liability for damages. An
adverse determination in any litigation of this type could require us to design around a third
party’s patent or to license alternative technology from another party. In addition, litigation is
time consuming and expensive to defend and could result in the diversion of the time and attention
of our management and employees. Any claim from third parties may result in limitation on our
ability to use the intellectual property subject to these claims.

Security and privacy breaches in our systems may damage client relations and inhibit our growth.

     The uninterrupted operation of our processing systems and the confidentiality of the client
information that resides on our systems is critical to our business. We have security backups and
recovery systems in place, as well as a business continuity plan to ensure our systems will not be
inoperable. We also have what we believe to be sufficient security around our systems to prevent
unauthorized access. Any failures in our security and privacy measures could have a material
adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. We electronically store
personal information about consumers who are customers of our clients. If we are unable to
protect, or our clients perceive that we are unable to protect, the security and privacy of our
electronic transactions, our growth could be materially adversely affected. A security or privacy
breach may:

•

cause our clients to lose confidence in our services;

•

harm our reputation;

•

expose us to liability; and

•

increase our expenses from potential remediation costs.

     While we believe we use proven applications designed for data security and integrity to
process electronic transactions, there can be no assurance that our use of these applications will
be sufficient to address changing market positions or the security and privacy concerns of existing
and potential clients.

If we lose key personnel or are unable to attract additional qualified personnel as we grow, our
business could be adversely affected.

     We are dependent upon the ability and experience of a number of highly skilled technical,
management and sales and marketing personnel who have substantial experience with our operations,
the rapidly changing transaction processing industry and markets in which we offer our services.
It is possible that the loss of the services of one or a combination of our key personnel would
have an adverse effect on our operations. Our success also depends on our ability to continue to
attract, manage and retain additional qualified management and technical personnel as we grow.
Competition for the best people, particularly those individuals with technology experience, is
intense. We cannot guarantee that we will continue to attract or retain such personnel.

Our financial condition and outlook may be adversely affected by damage to our reputation.

8

Table of Contents

     Our financial condition and outlook is highly dependent upon perceptions of our business
practices and reputation. Our ability to attract and retain clients and employees could be
adversely affected to the extent our reputation is damaged. Negative public opinion could result
from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including corporate governance,
regulatory compliance, mergers and acquisitions, disclosure and security breaches. Damage to our
reputation could give rise to legal risks, which, in turn, could increase the size and number of
litigation claims and damages asserted or subject us to enforcement actions, fines and penalties
and cause us to incur related costs and expenses.