We may
 be liable for all or a portion of the environmental
 clean-up
 costs at sites previously owned or leased by the Company (or by
 corporations acquired by the Company).

 Due primarily to federal and state legislation which imposes
 liability, regardless of fault, upon commercial product
 manufacturers for environmental impact caused by chemicals,
 processes and practices that were commonly and lawfully used
 prior to the enactment of such legislation, the Company may be
 liable for all or a portion of the environmental
 clean-up
 costs at sites previously owned or leased by the Company (or by
 corporations acquired by the Company). The Company’s
 contingencies associated with environmental matters are
 described in Note 13 of “Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements” set forth on page 19 of the 2006
 Annual Report and is incorporated herein by reference.

 We are
 subject to competition from entities which could have a
 substantial impact on our business.

 The Company competes in some markets with entities that are
 larger and have substantially greater financial and technical
 resources than the Company. Generally, competitive factors
 include design capabilities, product performance, delivery and
 price. The Company’s ability to compete successfully in
 such markets will depend on its ability to develop and apply
 technological innovations and to expand its customer base and
 product lines. The Company has been successful doing so both
 internally and through acquisitions. There can be no assurance
 that the Company will continue to successfully compete in any or
 all of the businesses discussed above. The failure of the
 Company to compete successfully could have a materially adverse
 effect on the Company’s profitability.

 A
 substantial amount of our revenue is derived from United States
 Government contracts.

 Approximately 46% of the Company’s consolidated net sales
 in 2006, as compared to 60% and 61% in 2005 and 2004,
 respectively, were derived from sales to the United States
 Government, principally the military services of the Department
 of Defense and its prime contractors and are therefore affected
 by, among other things, the federal

 3

Table of Contents

 budget authorization and appropriation processes. These
 contracts typically contain precise performance specifications
 and are subject to customary provisions which give the United
 States Government the contractual right of termination for
 convenience. Notwithstanding that in the event of termination
 for convenience, the Company is typically protected by
 provisions allowing reimbursement for costs incurred as well as
 payment of any applicable fees or profits, the termination,
 postponement or failure to fund one or more significant
 contracts by the United States Government could have a material
 adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations.

 Cancellations
 of purchase orders or reductions of product quality requirements
 in existing contracts could materially reduce our
 backlog.

 A discussion of the risks associated with the backlog is set
 forth in the 2006 Annual Report in “Management’s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations” on page 24 thereof and is incorporated
 herein by reference.

 Our
 potential tax benefits from net operating loss carryforwards are
 subject to a number of risks.

 A discussion of the risks attendant to realization of the tax
 benefit from net operating losses is set forth in the 2006
 Annual Report in Note 6 of “Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements” on page 16 thereof and is
 incorporated herein by reference.

 Our
 liquidity requirements and capital resources depend on a number
 of factors, some of which are beyond our control.

 A discussion of the Company’s liquidity requirements and
 attendant risks is set forth in the 2006 Annual Report in
 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations” on page 25 and is
 incorporated herein by reference.

 Our
 common stock is thinly traded and subject to
 volatility.

 Our common stock is traded over the counter (“OTC”).
 Generally speaking, investing in OTC securities is speculative
 and carries a high degree of risk. Many OTC securities are
 relatively illiquid, or “thinly traded,” which can
 enhance volatility in the share price and make it difficult for
 investors to buy or sell shares in the public market without
 materially affecting the quoted share price. Further, investors
 seeking to buy or sell a certain quantity of our shares in the
 public market may be unable to do so within one or more trading
 days. If limited trading in our stock continues, it may be
 difficult for holders to sell their shares in the public market
 at any given time at prevailing prices.

 The prevailing market price of our common stock may fluctuate
 significantly in response to a number of factors, some of which
 are beyond our control, including the following:

 • 

 Actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results;

 • 

 Changes in market valuations of other similarly situated
 companies;

 • 

 Announcements by us or our competitors of significant technical
 innovations, contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships,
 joint ventures or capital commitments;

 • 

 Additions or departures of key personnel;

 • 

 Future sales of common stock;

 • 

 Any deviations in net revenues or in losses from levels expected
 by the investment community; and

 • 

 Trading volume fluctuations.

 4

Table of Contents

 We are
 subject to increases in the cost of our borrowings as a result
 of rising interest rates, which could have an adverse effect on
 us and our ability to make debt service payments.

 The Company is exposed to various market risks, primarily
 changes in interest rates associated with the Senior Credit
 Facility which closed on May 1, 2006. The Senior Credit
 Facility is tied to LIBOR and as such, a 1% increase or decrease
 will have the effect of increasing or decreasing interest
 expense by approximately $0.4 million based on the amount
 outstanding under the facility at May 1, 2006.