.

 Risks
 Related to Competition

 TWC
 faces a wide range of competition, which could negatively affect
 its business and financial results.

 TWC’s industry is, and will continue to be, highly
 competitive. Some of TWC’s principal competitors, incumbent
 local telephone companies, in particular, offer services that
 provide features and functions comparable to the video,
 high-speed data
 and/or voice
 services that TWC offers, and they offer them in bundles similar
 to TWC’s, sometimes with the addition of wireless services.
 In a significant number of TWC’s operating areas, AT&T
 and Verizon have upgraded their networks to carry two-way video,
 high-speed data with substantial bandwidth and

IP-based
 telephony services, which they market and sell in bundles, in
 some cases, along with their wireless service.

 In addition, each of TWC’s services faces competition from
 other companies that provide services on a stand-alone basis.
 TWC’s video service faces competition from DBS providers
 that try to distinguish their services from TWC’s by
 offering aggressive promotional pricing, exclusive programming,
 and/or
 assertions of superior service or offerings. Increasingly,
 TWC’s video service also faces competition from companies
 that deliver content to consumers over the Internet, some
 without charging a fee for access to the content. This trend
 could negatively impact customer demand for TWC’s video
 service, especially premium and On-Demand services, and could
 encourage content owners to seek higher license fees from TWC in
 order to subsidize their free distribution of content. TWC also
 faces competition in high-speed data service from wireless data
 providers, and in voice service from wireline, wireless and

“over-the-top”
 phone providers, especially as an increasing number of homes in
 the United States replace their wireline telephone service with
 wireless service.

 Any inability to compete effectively or an increase in
 competition with respect to video, high-speed data or voice
 services could have an adverse effect on TWC’s financial
 results and return on capital expenditures due to possible
 increases in the cost of gaining and retaining subscribers and
 lower per subscriber revenue, could slow or cause a decline in
 TWC’s growth rates, and reduce TWC’s revenues. As TWC
 expands and introduces new and enhanced services, TWC may be
 subject to competition from other providers of those services.
 TWC cannot predict the extent to which this competition will
 affect its future business and financial results or return on
 capital expenditures.

 Future advances in technology, as well as changes in the
 marketplace, in the economy and in the regulatory and
 legislative environments, may result in changes to the
 competitive landscape. For additional information, see
 “—Risks Related to Government Regulation,” and
 “Business—Competition” and “—Regulatory
 Matters.”

 TWC
 faces risks relating to competition for the leisure and
 entertainment time of audiences, which has intensified in part
 due to advances in technology.

 In addition to the various competitive factors discussed above,
 TWC’s business is subject to risks relating to increasing
 competition for the leisure and entertainment time of consumers.
 TWC’s business competes with all other sources of
 entertainment and information delivery. Technological
 advancements, such as VOD, new video formats, and Internet
 streaming and downloading, many of which have been beneficial to
 TWC’s business, have nonetheless increased the number of
 entertainment and information delivery choices available to
 consumers and intensified the challenges posed by audience
 fragmentation. Increasingly, content owners are delivering their
 content directly to consumers over the Internet, often without
 charging any fee for access to the content. Furthermore, due to
 consumer electronics innovations, consumers are more readily
 able to watch such Internet-delivered content on television sets
 and mobile devices. The increasing number of choices available
 to audiences could negatively impact not only consumer demand
 for TWC’s products and services, but also advertisers’
 willingness to purchase advertising from TWC. If TWC does not
 respond appropriately to the increasing leisure and
 entertainment choices available to consumers, TWC’s
 competitive position could deteriorate, and TWC’s financial
 results could suffer.

 TWC’s
 competitive position and business and financial results could
 suffer if it does not develop compelling wireless
 offerings.

 TWC believes that broadband cable networks currently provide the
 most efficient means to deliver its services, but consumers are
 increasingly interested in accessing information, entertainment
 and communication services outside the home as well. TWC
 launched Road Runner Mobile, a wireless mobile broadband
 service, in several cities during the fourth quarter of 2009,
 and it expects to continue to roll out the service in additional
 cities during 2010. TWC utilizes Clearwire’s mobile
 broadband network to provide the service pursuant to a wholesale
 agreement with Clearwire. Clearwire’s network is currently
 available in a limited number of cities and there can be no
 assurance that Clearwire will successfully finance, construct
 and deploy a nationwide mobile broadband network.

 TWC does not offer wireless voice products although some of its
 wireline competitors and their affiliates do offer such
 products. TWC may determine that it needs to offer a wireless
 voice product to remain competitive. If TWC incurs significant
 costs in developing or marketing wireless mobile voice
 and/or
 broadband offerings, and the resulting offerings are not
 competitive with the offerings of TWC’s competitors or
 appealing to TWC’s customers, TWC’s business and
 financial results could suffer. Furthermore, if TWC’s

 16

Table of Contents

 competitors expand their service bundles to include compelling
 wireless features before TWC has rolled out equivalent or more
 compelling offerings, TWC may not be in a position to provide a
 competitive service offering and its growth, business and
 financial results may be adversely affected.

 Risks
 Related to TWC’s Operations

 A
 prolonged economic downturn, especially a continued downturn in
 the housing market, may negatively impact TWC’s ability to
 attract new subscribers and generate increased subscription
 revenues.

 The United States economy has experienced a period of slowdown,
 and the future economic environment may continue to be less
 favorable than that of prior years. A continuation or further
 weakening of these economic conditions could lead to further
 reductions in consumer demand for the Company’s services,
 especially premium services and DVRs, and a continued increase
 in the number of homes that replace their wireline telephone
 service with wireless service, which would negatively impact
 TWC’s ability to attract customers, increase rates and
 maintain or increase subscription revenues. In addition,
 providing video services is an established and highly penetrated
 business. TWC’s ability to achieve incremental growth in
 video subscribers is dependent to a large extent on growth in
 occupied housing in TWC’s service areas, which is
 influenced by both national and local economic conditions. If
 growth in the number of occupied homes in TWC’s operating
 areas continues to decline, it may negatively impact TWC’s
 ability to gain new video subscribers.

 TWC’s
 business is characterized by rapid technological change, and if
 TWC does not respond appropriately to technological changes, its
 competitive position may be harmed.

 TWC operates in a highly competitive, consumer-driven and
 rapidly changing environment and its success is, to a large
 extent, dependent on its ability to acquire, develop, adopt and
 exploit new and existing technologies to distinguish its
 services from those of its competitors. If TWC chooses
 technologies or equipment that are less effective,
 cost-efficient or attractive to its customers than those chosen
 by its competitors, or if TWC offers services that fail to
 appeal to consumers, are not available at competitive prices or
 that do not function as expected, TWC’s competitive
 position could deteriorate, and TWC’s business and
 financial results could suffer.

 The ability of TWC’s competitors to acquire or develop and
 introduce new technologies, products and services more quickly
 than TWC may adversely affect TWC’s competitive position.
 Furthermore, advances in technology, decreases in the cost of
 existing technologies or changes in competitors’ product
 and service offerings also may require TWC in the future to make
 additional research and development expenditures or to offer at
 no additional charge or at a lower price certain products and
 services TWC currently offers to customers separately or at a
 premium. In addition, the uncertainty of the costs for obtaining
 intellectual property rights from third parties could impact
 TWC’s ability to respond to technological advances in a
 timely manner.

 Significant
 unanticipated increases in the use of bandwidth-intensive
 Internet-based services could increase TWC’s
 costs.

 The rising popularity of bandwidth-intensive Internet-based
 services poses special risks for TWC’s high-speed data
 service. Examples of such services include
 peer-to-peer
 file sharing services, gaming services and the delivery of video
 via streaming technology and by download. If heavy usage of
 bandwidth-intensive services grows beyond TWC’s current
 expectations, TWC may need to invest more capital than currently
 anticipated to expand the bandwidth capacity of its systems or
 TWC’s customers may have a suboptimal experience when using
 TWC’s high-speed data service. In order to continue to
 provide quality service at attractive prices, TWC needs the
 continued flexibility to develop and refine business models that
 respond to changing consumer uses and demands and to manage
 bandwidth usage efficiently. TWC’s ability to do these
 things could be restricted by legislative or regulatory efforts
 to impose so-called “net neutrality” requirements on
 cable operators. See “—Risks Related to Government
 Regulation—‘Net neutrality’ legislation or
 regulation could limit TWC’s ability to operate its
 high-speed data business profitably and to manage its broadband
 facilities efficiently to respond to growing bandwidth usage by
 TWC’s high-speed data customers.”

 TWC
 may encounter unforeseen difficulties as it increases the scale
 of its service offerings to commercial customers.

 TWC has sold video, high-speed data, network and transport
 services to businesses for some time and, in 2007, introduced an
 IP-based
 telephony service, Business Class Phone, geared to small-
 and medium-sized businesses. In order to provide its commercial
 customers with reliable services, TWC may need to increase
 expenditures, including spending on technology, equipment and
 personnel. If the services are not sufficiently reliable or TWC
 otherwise fails to meet commercial customers’ expectations,
 the growth of its commercial services business may be limited.
 In addition, TWC faces competition from the existing local
 telephone companies as well as from a variety of other national
 and regional business services competitors. If TWC is unable to
 successfully attract and retain commercial customers, its
 growth, financial condition and results of operations may be
 adversely affected.

 17

Table of Contents

 TWC
 relies on network and information systems and other technology,
 and a disruption or failure of such networks, systems or
 technology as a result of computer viruses, misappropriation of
 data or other malfeasance, as well as outages, natural
 disasters, accidental releases of information or similar events,
 may disrupt TWC’s business.

 Because network and information systems and other technologies
 are critical to TWC’s operating activities, network or
 information system shutdowns caused by events such as computer
 hacking, dissemination of computer viruses, worms and other
 destructive or disruptive software, denial of service attacks
 and other malicious activity, as well as power outages, natural
 disasters, terrorist attacks and similar events, pose increasing
 risks. Such an event could have an adverse impact on TWC and its
 customers, including degradation of service, service disruption,
 excessive call volume to call centers and damage to TWC’s
 plant, equipment and data. Such an event also could result in
 large expenditures necessary to repair or replace such networks
 or information systems or to protect them from similar events in
 the future. Significant incidents could result in a disruption
 of TWC’s operations, customer dissatisfaction, or a loss of
 customers or revenues.

 Furthermore, TWC’s operating activities could be subject to
 risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification
 and accidental release or loss of information maintained in
 TWC’s information technology systems and networks,
 including customer, personnel and vendor data. TWC could be
 exposed to significant costs if such risks were to materialize,
 and such events could damage the reputation and credibility of
 TWC and its business and have a negative impact on its revenues.
 TWC also could be required to expend significant capital and
 other resources to remedy any such security breach. As a result
 of the increasing awareness concerning the importance of
 safeguarding personal information, the potential misuse of such
 information and legislation that has been adopted or is being
 considered regarding the protection, privacy and security of
 personal information, information-related risks are increasing,
 particularly for businesses like TWC’s that handle a large
 amount of personal customer data.

 TWC’s
 business may be adversely affected if TWC cannot continue to
 license or enforce the intellectual property rights on which its
 business depends.

 TWC relies on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws
 and licenses and other agreements with its employees, customers,
 suppliers, and other parties, to establish and maintain its
 intellectual property rights in technology and the products and
 services used in TWC’s operations. However, any of
 TWC’s intellectual property rights could be challenged or
 invalidated, or such intellectual property rights may not be
 sufficient to permit TWC to take advantage of current industry
 trends or otherwise to provide competitive advantages, which
 could result in costly redesign efforts, discontinuance of
 certain product or service offerings or other competitive harm.
 Claims of intellectual property infringement could require TWC
 to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable
 terms, incur substantial monetary liability or be enjoined
 preliminarily or permanently from further use of the
 intellectual property in question, which could require TWC to
 change its business practices or offerings and limit its ability
 to compete effectively. Even claims without merit can be
 time-consuming and costly to defend and may divert
 management’s attention and resources away from TWC’s
 businesses. Also, because of the rapid pace of technological
 change, TWC relies on technologies developed or licensed by
 third parties, and TWC may not be able to obtain or continue to
 obtain licenses from these third parties on reasonable terms, if
 at all.

 TWC is
 party to agreements with Time Warner and an affiliate of Time
 Warner governing the use of “Time Warner Cable” and
 “Road Runner” that may be terminated if TWC fails to
 perform its obligations under those agreements or if TWC
 undergoes a specified change of control.

 TWC licenses “Time Warner Cable” and “Road
 Runner” from Time Warner and an affiliate of Time Warner,
 respectively. These license agreements may be terminated by Time
 Warner or its affiliate if TWC commits a significant breach of
 its obligations under such agreements, undergoes a specified
 change of control, or materially fails to maintain the quality
 standards established for the use of these trademarks and the
 products and services related to these trademarks.

 If Time Warner or its affiliate terminates these brand name
 license agreements, TWC would lose the goodwill associated with
 its brand names and be forced to develop new brand names, which
 would likely require substantial expenditures, and TWC’s
 business, financial results or financial condition could be
 materially adversely affected.

 The
 accounting treatment of goodwill and other identified
 intangibles could result in future asset impairments, which
 would be recorded as operating losses.

 Authoritative guidance issued by the Financial Accounting
 Standards Board (“FASB”) requires that goodwill,
 including the goodwill included in the carrying value of
 investments accounted for using the equity method of accounting,
 and other intangible assets deemed to have indefinite useful
 lives, such as cable franchise rights, cease to be amortized.
 The guidance requires that goodwill and certain intangible
 assets be tested annually for impairment or earlier upon the
 occurrence of certain events or substantive changes in
 circumstances. If TWC finds that the carrying value of goodwill
 or a certain intangible asset exceeds its estimated fair value,
 it will reduce the carrying value of the goodwill or intangible
 asset to the estimated fair value, and TWC will recognize an
 impairment. Any such impairment is required to be recorded as a
 noncash operating loss.

 18

Table of Contents

 TWC’s 2009 annual impairment analysis, which was performed
 as of December 31, 2009, did not result in any goodwill or
 cable franchise rights impairment charges. However, it is
 possible that impairment charges may be recorded in the future
 to reflect potential declines in fair value. See
 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of
 Operations and Financial Condition—Critical Accounting
 Policies and Estimates—Asset Impairments—Goodwill and
 Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets” and
 “—Long-lived Assets.”

 TWC
 has incurred substantial debt, which may limit its flexibility
 and prevent it from taking advantage of business
 opportunities.

 As of December 31, 2009, TWC had $21.583 billion of
 net debt and mandatorily redeemable preferred equity. This level
 of indebtedness may limit TWC’s ability to respond to
 market conditions, provide for capital investment needs or take
 advantage of business opportunities. Also, as a result of
 TWC’s increased borrowings in 2008 and 2009 to fund the
 Special Dividend, its interest expense will be higher than it
 was prior to the borrowings, which will affect TWC’s
 profitability and cash flows.

 Risks
 Related to Dependence on Third Parties

 Increases
 in programming and retransmission costs or the inability to
 obtain popular programming could adversely affect TWC’s
 operations, business or financial results.

 Video programming costs represent a major component of
 TWC’s expenses and are expected to continue to increase
 primarily due to the increasing cost of obtaining desirable
 programming, particularly broadcast and sports programming.
 TWC’s video programming costs as a percentage of video
 revenues have increased over recent years and will continue to
 increase over the next coming years as cable programming and
 broadcast station retransmission consent cost increases outpace
 growth in video revenues. Furthermore, providers of desirable
 content may be unwilling to enter into distribution arrangements
 with TWC on acceptable terms and owners of non-broadcast video
 programming content may enter into exclusive distribution
 arrangements with TWC’s competitors. A failure to carry
 programming that is attractive to TWC’s subscribers could
 adversely impact subscription and advertising revenues.

 TWC
 may not be able to obtain necessary hardware, software and
 operational support.

 TWC depends on third party suppliers and licensors to supply
 some of the hardware, software and operational support necessary
 to provide some of TWC’s services. Some of TWC’s
 hardware, software and operational support vendors represent
 TWC’s sole source of supply or have, either through
 contract or as a result of intellectual property rights, a
 position of some exclusivity. If demand exceeds these
 vendors’ capacity or if these vendors experience operating
 or financial difficulties, especially in light of current
 economic and market conditions, TWC’s ability to provide
 some services might be materially adversely affected. These
 events could materially and adversely affect TWC’s ability
 to retain and attract subscribers, and have a material negative
 impact on TWC’s operations, business, financial results and
 financial condition.

 TWC has multi-year agreements with Sprint under which it
 provides certain functions and services necessary to TWC in
 providing Digital Phone service to customers by routing voice
 traffic to and from destinations outside of TWC’s network
 via the public switched telephone network, delivering E911,
 operator and directory assistance service and assisting in order
 processing, local number portability and long-distance traffic
 carriage. TWC recently launched an initiative to replace Sprint
 as the provider of these services. However, the process will
 take a number of years, during which time TWC’s reliance on
 Sprint for these services may render TWC vulnerable to service
 disruptions and other operational difficulties, which could have
 an adverse effect on TWC’s business and financial results.

 TWC
 may encounter substantially increased pole attachment
 costs.

 Under federal law, TWC has the right to attach cables carrying
 video and other services to telephone and similar poles of
 investor-owned
 utilities at regulated rates. However, because these cables may
 carry services other than video services, such as

high-speed
 data services or new forms of voice services, some utility pole
 owners have sought to impose additional fees for pole
 attachment. The U.S. Supreme Court has rejected the efforts
 of some utility pole owners to make cable attachments carrying
 Internet traffic ineligible for regulatory protection. Pole
 owners have, however, made arguments in other areas of pole
 regulation that, if successful, could significantly increase
 TWC’s costs. In November 2007, the FCC issued a Notice of
 Proposed Rulemaking that proposes to establish a single pole
 attachment rate for all utility pole owners carrying broadband
 Internet access services that would be higher than the rate
 charged for video and cable modem service. In addition, in
 August 2009, a coalition of electric utility companies
 petitioned the FCC to declare that the pole attachment rate for
 cable companies’ digital telephone service should be
 assessed at the higher rate paid by telecommunications providers
 rather than the rate paid by cable providers.

 Some of the poles TWC uses are exempt from federal regulation
 because they are owned by utility cooperatives and municipal
 entities. These entities may not renew TWC’s existing
 agreements when they expire, and they may require TWC to pay
 substantially increased fees. A number of these entities are
 currently seeking to impose substantial rate increases. Any
 increase in TWC’s pole attachment rates or inability to
 secure continued pole attachment agreements with these
 cooperatives or municipal utilities on commercially reasonable
 terms could cause TWC’s business, financial results or
 financial condition to suffer.

 19

Table of Contents

 Risks
 Related to Government Regulation

 TWC’s
 business is subject to extensive governmental regulation, which
 could adversely affect its business.

 TWC’s video and voice services are subject to extensive
 regulation at the federal, state, and local levels. In addition,
 the federal government has extended some regulation to
 high-speed data services and is considering additional
 regulations. TWC is also subject to regulation of its video
 services relating to rates, equipment, technologies,
 programming, levels and types of services, taxes and other
 charges. Modification to existing regulations or the imposition
 of new regulations could have an adverse impact on TWC’s
 services. TWC expects that legislative enactments, court
 actions, and regulatory proceedings will continue to clarify
 and, in some cases, change the rights of cable companies and
 other entities providing video, high-speed data and voice
 services under the Communications Act and other laws, possibly
 in ways that TWC has not foreseen. The results of these
 legislative, judicial, and administrative actions may materially
 affect TWC’s business operations.

 Changes
 in broadcast carriage regulations could impose significant
 additional costs on TWC.

 Although TWC would likely choose to carry the majority of
 primary feeds of full power stations voluntarily, so-called
 “must carry” rules require TWC to carry some local
 broadcast television signals on some of its cable systems that
 it might not otherwise carry. If the FCC seeks to revise or
 expand the “must carry” rules, such as to require
 carriage of multicast streams, TWC would be forced to carry
 video programming that it would not otherwise carry and
 potentially to drop other, more popular programming in order to
 free capacity for the required programming, which could make TWC
 less competitive. Moreover, if the FCC adopts rules that are not
 competitively neutral, cable operators could be placed at a
 disadvantage versus other multi-channel video providers.

 Under
 the program carriage rules, TWC could be compelled to carry
 programming services that it would not otherwise
 carry.

 The Communications Act and the FCC’s “program
 carriage” rules restrict cable operators and MVPDs from
 unreasonably restraining the ability of an unaffiliated
 programming vendor to compete fairly by discriminating against
 the programming vendor on the basis of its non-affiliation in
 the selection, terms or conditions for carriage. The FCC’s
 Adelphia/Comcast Transactions Order imposes certain additional
 obligations related to these rules. Under a successful program
 carriage complaint, TWC might be compelled to carry programming
 services it would not otherwise carry
 and/or to do
 so on economic and other terms that it would not accept absent
 such compulsion. TWC is currently the defendant in two program
 carriage complaints. See “Business—Regulatory
 Matters—Video Services—Program access and
 Adelphia/Comcast Transactions Order.” Compelled government
 carriage could reduce TWC’s ability to carry other, more
 desirable programming and non-video services, decrease its
 ability to manage its bandwidth efficiently and increase
 TWC’s costs, adversely affecting TWC’s competitive
 position.

 “Net
 neutrality” legislation or regulation could limit
 TWC’s ability to operate its high-speed data business
 profitably and to manage its broadband facilities efficiently to
 respond to growing bandwidth usage by TWC’s high-speed data
 customers.

 Several disparate groups have adopted the term “net
 neutrality” in connection with their efforts to persuade
 Congress and regulators to adopt rules that could limit the
 ability of broadband providers to effectively manage or operate
 their broadband networks. Proponents of net neutrality advocate
 a variety of regulations, including regulations which prohibit
 broadband providers from recovering the costs of rising
 bandwidth usage from any parties other than retail customers;
 require absolute nondiscrimination for any Internet traffic; and
 require forms of “open access.” In October 2009, the
 FCC initiated a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking that proposes to
 adopt
 so-called
 “net neutrality” rules that it describes as intended
 to preserve the openness of the Internet. The proposed rules
 would apply to all providers of broadband Internet access
 services, whether wireline or wireless, but would not apply to
 providers of applications, content or other services. The FCC
 indicated that its comment process seeks comment both on its
 rationales for the draft proposals as well as their form and
 scope. Any final rules that ultimately may be adopted, depending
 upon their scope and terms, could have a significant adverse
 effect on the Company’s broadband services.

 The average bandwidth usage of TWC’s high-speed data
 customers has been increasing significantly in recent years as
 the amount of high-bandwidth content and the number of
 applications available on the Internet continue to grow. In
 order to continue to provide quality service at attractive
 prices, TWC needs the continued flexibility to develop and
 refine business models that respond to changing consumer uses
 and demands and to manage bandwidth usage efficiently. As a
 result, depending on the form it might take, “net
 neutrality” legislation or regulation could adversely
 impact TWC’s ability to operate its high-speed data network
 profitably and to undertake the upgrades that may be needed to
 continue to provide high quality high-speed data services and
 could negatively impact its ability to compete effectively. For
 a description of current regulatory proposals, see
 “Business—Regulatory Matters—High-speed Internet
 Access Services—‘Net neutrality’ legislative and
 regulatory proposals.”

 Rate
 regulation could materially adversely impact TWC’s
 operations, business, financial results or financial
 condition.

 Under current FCC regulations, rates for BST video service and
 associated equipment are permitted to be regulated. In the
 majority of its localities, TWC is not subject to BST video rate
 regulation, either because the local franchising authority has
 not asked the FCC for

 20

Table of Contents

 permission to regulate rates or because the FCC has found that
 there is “effective competition.” Also, there is
 currently no rate regulation for TWC’s other services,
 including high-speed data and voice services. It is possible,
 however, that the FCC or Congress will adopt more extensive rate
 regulation for TWC’s video services or regulate other
 services, such as high-speed data and voice services, which
 could impede TWC’s ability to raise rates, or require rate
 reductions, and therefore could cause TWC’s business,
 financial results or financial condition to suffer.

 TWC
 may have to pay fees in connection with its cable modem
 service.

 Local franchising authorities generally require cable operators
 to pay a franchise fee of five percent of revenue, which cable
 operators collect in turn from their subscribers. TWC has taken
 the position that under the Communications Act, local
 franchising authorities are allowed to impose a franchise fee
 only on revenue from “cable services.” Following the
 FCC’s March 2002 determination that cable modem service
 does not constitute a “cable service,” TWC and most
 other multiple system operators stopped collecting and paying
 franchise fees on cable modem revenue.

 The FCC has initiated a rulemaking proceeding to explore the
 consequences of its March 2002 order. If either the FCC or a
 court were to determine that, despite the March 2002 order, TWC
 is required to pay franchise fees on cable modem revenue,
 TWC’s franchise fee burden could increase going forward.
 TWC would be permitted to collect those increased fees from its
 subscribers, but doing so could impair its competitive position
 as compared to high-speed data service providers who are not
 required to collect and pay franchise fees. TWC could also
 become liable for franchise fees back to the time TWC stopped
 paying them. TWC may not be able to recover those fees from
 subscribers. Most courts interpreting the rules, including
 several instances involving TWC, have determined that cable
 operators are not required to pay these fees on cable modem
 service.

 The
 IRS and state and local tax authorities may challenge the tax
 characterizations of the Adelphia Acquisition (as defined
 below), the Redemptions (as defined below) and the Exchange (as
 defined below), or TWC’s related valuations, and any
 successful challenge by the IRS or state or local tax
 authorities could materially adversely affect TWC’s tax
 profile, significantly increase TWC’s future cash tax
 payments and significantly reduce TWC’s future earnings and
 cash flow.

 The acquisition by TW NY Cable and Comcast of assets comprising
 in aggregate substantially all of the cable assets of Adelphia
 Communications Corporation (the “Adelphia
 Acquisition”) was designed to be a fully taxable asset
 sale, the redemption by TWC of Comcast’s interests in TWC
 (the “TWC Redemption”) was designed to qualify as a
 tax-free split-off under section 355 of the Internal
 Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Tax Code”), the
 redemption by TWE of Comcast’s interests in TWE (the
 “TWE Redemption” and collectively with the TWC
 Redemption, the “Redemptions”) was designed as a
 redemption of Comcast’s partnership interest in TWE, and
 the exchange between TW NY Cable and Comcast immediately after
 the Adelphia Acquisition (the “Exchange”) was designed
 as an exchange of designated cable systems. There can be no
 assurance, however, that the Internal Revenue Service (the
 “IRS”) or state or local tax authorities (collectively
 with the IRS, the “Tax Authorities”) will not
 challenge one or more of such characterizations or TWC’s
 related valuations. Such a successful challenge by the Tax
 Authorities could materially adversely affect TWC’s tax
 profile (including TWC’s ability to recognize the intended
 tax benefits from the Adelphia/Comcast Transactions),
 significantly increase TWC’s future cash tax payments and
 significantly reduce TWC’s future earnings and cash flow.
 The tax consequences of the Adelphia Acquisition, the
 Redemptions and the Exchange are complex and, in many cases,
 subject to significant uncertainties, including, but not limited
 to, uncertainties regarding the application of federal, state
 and local income tax laws to various transactions and events
 contemplated therein and regarding matters relating to valuation.

 If the
 Separation Transactions, including the Distribution, do not
 qualify as tax-free, either as a result of actions taken or not
 taken by TWC or as a result of the failure of certain
 representations by TWC to be true, TWC has agreed to indemnify
 Time Warner for its taxes resulting from such disqualification,
 which would be significant. In addition, the restrictions
 imposed on TWC in connection with the tax treatment of the
 Distribution could limit TWC’s ability to engage in certain
 corporate transactions.

 As part of the Separation Transactions, Time Warner received a
 private letter ruling from the IRS and Time Warner and TWC
 received opinions of tax counsel confirming that the Separation
 Transactions should generally qualify as tax-free to Time Warner
 and its stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
 The ruling and opinions rely on certain facts, assumptions,
 representations, and undertakings from Time Warner and TWC
 regarding the past and future conduct of the companies’
 businesses and other matters. If any of these facts,
 assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or
 not otherwise satisfied, Time Warner and its stockholders may
 not be able to rely on the ruling or the opinions and could be
 subject to significant tax liabilities. Notwithstanding the
 private letter ruling and opinions, the IRS could determine on
 audit that the Separation Transactions should be treated as
 taxable transactions if it determines that any of these facts,
 assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or
 have been violated, or for other reasons, including as a result
 of significant changes in the stock ownership of Time Warner or
 TWC after the Distribution.

 Under the tax sharing agreement among Time Warner and TWC, TWC
 generally would be required to indemnify Time Warner against its
 taxes resulting from the failure of any of the Separation
 Transactions to qualify as tax-free as a result of
 (i) certain actions or failures to act by TWC or
 (ii) the failure of certain representations made by TWC to
 be true. Due to the potential impact of significant

 21

Table of Contents

 stock ownership changes on the taxability of the Separation
 Transactions, TWC’s indemnification obligations may prevent
 it from entering into transactions that might otherwise be
 advantageous, such as issuing equity securities to satisfy
 financing needs or acquiring businesses or assets with equity
 securities if such issuances would exceed certain thresholds and
 such actions could be considered part of a plan or series of
 related transactions that include the Distribution.

 In addition, even if TWC bears no contractual responsibility for
 taxes related to a failure of the Separation Transactions to
 qualify for their intended tax treatment, Treasury regulation
 section 1.1502-6
 imposes on TWC several liability for all Time Warner federal
 income tax obligations relating to the period during which TWC
 was a member of the Time Warner federal consolidated tax group,
 including the date of the Separation Transactions. Similar
 provisions may apply under foreign, state, or local law. Absent
 TWC causing the Separation Transactions to not qualify as
 tax-free, Time Warner has indemnified TWC against such several
 liability arising from a failure of the Separation Transactions
 to qualify for their intended tax treatment.

 Tax
 legislation and administrative initiatives or challenges to the
 Company’s tax positions could adversely affect the
 Company’s results of operations and financial
 condition.

 TWC operates cable systems in locations throughout the United
 States and, as a result, it is subject to the tax laws and
 regulations of the U.S. federal, state and local
 governments. From time to time, various legislative
 and/or
 administrative initiatives may be proposed that could adversely
 affect the Company’s tax positions. There can be no
 assurance that the Company’s effective tax rate or tax
 payments will not be adversely affected by these initiatives. As
 a result of state and local budget shortfalls due primarily to
 the recession as well as other considerations, certain states
 and localities have imposed or are considering imposing new or
 additional taxes or fees on TWC’s services or changing the
 methodologies or base on which certain fees and taxes are
 computed. Such potential changes include additional taxes or
 fees on the TWC’s services which could impact its
 customers, combined reporting and other changes to general
 business taxes, central/unit-level assessment of property taxes
 and other matters that could increase TWC’s income,
 franchise, sales, use

and/or
 property tax liabilities. In addition, U.S. federal, state
 and local tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and
 subject to varying interpretations. There can be no assurance
 that TWC ’s tax positions will not be challenged by
 relevant tax authorities or that TWC would be successful in any
 such challenge.

 Applicable
 law is subject to change.

 The exact requirements of applicable law are not always clear,
 and the rules affecting TWC’s businesses are always subject
 to change. For example, the FCC may interpret its rules and
 regulations in enforcement proceedings in a manner that is
 inconsistent with the judgments TWC has made. Likewise,
 regulators and legislators at all levels of government may
 sometimes change existing rules or establish new rules.
 Congress, for example, considers new legislative requirements
 for cable operators virtually every year, and there is always a
 risk that such proposals will ultimately be enacted. In
 addition, federal, state or local governments
 and/or tax
 authorities may change tax laws, regulations or administrative
 practices that could negatively impact TWC’s operating
 results and financial condition. See
 “Business—Regulatory Matters.”