This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes certain “forward-looking statements” within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and 

1 

Table of Contents

are inherently subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially from the expectations contained herein due to changes in economic, business, competitive,
technological, strategic and/or regulatory factors and other factors affecting the operation of TWC’s business. For more detailed information about these factors, and risk factors with respect to the Company’s operations, see Item 1A,
“Risk Factors,” below and “Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition” in the financial section of this report. TWC is
under no obligation to, and expressly disclaims any obligation to, update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of changes in circumstances, new information, subsequent events or otherwise. 

Available Information and Website 

Although TWC and its predecessors have been in the cable business for over 40 years in various legal forms, Time Warner Cable Inc. was incorporated as a Delaware corporation on March 21, 2003.
TWC’s annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to such reports filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) pursuant to
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), are available free of charge on the Company’s website at www.twc.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are
electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC (
www.sec.gov). The Company is providing the address to its website solely for the information of investors. The Company does not intend the address to be an active link or to incorporate the
contents of the website into this report. 

Services 

TWC offers video, high-speed data and voice services to residential and business services customers over the Company’s broadband
cable systems. TWC’s business services also include networking and transport services (including cell tower backhaul services) and managed and outsourced IT solutions and cloud services. TWC also sells advertising to a variety of national,
regional and local customers. 

Residential Services 

TWC offers a broad range of residential products and services designed with the goal of giving customers access to any content they want, any time they want it, anywhere they are and on any device they
choose. Customers have access to TWC’s extensive programming offerings, which, increasingly, they can watch wherever they are connected to the Internet, and, through TWC’s high-speed data service, including its growing network of WiFi hot
spots, they have access to online content from a vast number of sources. TWC provides advanced services, such as Video on Demand (“VOD”) and digital video recorders (“DVR”) that allow customers to access content when they want it
and, through the Company’s TWC TV apps, on a growing array of devices. 

Video Services 

Programming.  TWC offers various tiers and packages of residential video programming and music services ranging from a
basic service tier with approximately 25 channels to a full set of digital packages with approximately 400 channels. TWC tailors its programming tiers and packages to appeal to specific groups of customers. It offers specialty tiers of genre-based
programming, such as the Family Choice Tier, Movie Pass and Sports Pass, as well as packages such as Time Warner Cable TV Essentials, which targets budget-conscious customers. TWC also offers packages with extensive amounts of foreign-language
programming, including El Paquetazo, with English and Spanish-language channels designed to appeal to Spanish-speaking subscribers. TWC’s residential video subscribers may also subscribe to premium network programming, such as HBO, Showtime,
Starz and Cinemax and related offerings. TWC continually strives to offer its video services customers the programming they want, and, during 2012, TWC added key sports programming, including NFL Network and Red Zone, as well as the PAC-12 Networks.

TWC offers residential video subscribers, on average, approximately 165 high definition (“HD”) channels, including
all the major broadcast networks and the leading national cable networks, premium networks and regional sports networks, as well as a large selection of VOD programming in HD. TWC also offers select programming in a three-dimensional or
“3D” format to subscribers with 3D-capable televisions. 

TWC’s residential video subscribers pay a monthly fee
based on the video programming tier or package they receive. Subscribers to specialized tiers and premium networks are charged an additional monthly fee, with discounts generally 

2 

Table of Contents

available for the purchase of packages of more than one such service. HD simulcasts are generally provided at no additional charge, and additional charges generally apply only for packages of HD
channels that do not have standard-definition counterparts. The rates TWC can charge for its basic service tier and certain video equipment, including set-top boxes, in areas not subject to “effective competition” are subject to regulation
under federal law. As of December 31, 2012, the Federal Communications Commission (the “FCC”) has determined that approximately 70% of the communities TWC serves are subject to “effective competition.” See
“—Regulatory Matters” below. 

Time-shifting.  TWC provides a broad range of advanced services,
such as VOD, DVRs and Start Over and Look Back services that provide residential video subscribers with the ability to control when they watch their favorite programming. 

TWC’s VOD service provides residential video subscribers with free access to a wide selection of movies, programming from broadcast
and cable networks, music videos, local programming and other content. TWC’s VOD service also offers a wide selection of featured movies and special events on a pay-per-view basis. In addition, premium network (e.g., HBO) subscribers generally
have access to the premium network’s VOD content without additional fees. 

TWC offers equipment with DVR functionality
that enables residential video subscribers to pause and/or rewind “live” television programs and record programs for future viewing. Subscribers pay an additional monthly fee for TWC’s DVR service. As of December 31, 2012, 53.9%,
or approximately 5.1 million, of TWC’s residential and business services digital video subscribers subscribed to its DVR service. TWC also offers Whole House DVR, a multi-room DVR service, which allows a program recorded on a DVR to
be watched on any connected television in a customer’s home. In addition, customers may program their DVRs remotely via a smartphone, tablet or computer. 

TWC also offers Start Over, which enables digital video subscribers using a TWC-provided set-top box to restart select “in progress” programs directly from the relevant channel and Look Back,
which extends the window for viewing a program to 72 hours after it has aired. Start Over and Look Back are available in nearly all of TWC’s service areas. 

New ways to watch.  TWC, through its TWC TV apps, enables in-home viewing of up to 300 channels of
live programming on iPad, iPhone and Android devices and over 4,000 VOD programs and movies on iPad, iPhone and iPod Touch devices. Subscribers also may watch the same TWC TV programming on their home computer via 
twctv.com. In addition,
subscribers are able to use their smartphone, tablet or computer as a remote control with the ability to access the interactive program guide and parental controls and change television channels on compatible TWC set-top boxes. During the first
quarter of 2013, TWC expects to make TWC TV live programming available to residential video subscribers on certain Roku Inc. streaming devices in the U.S, without the need for a leased TWC set-top box. 

TWC also enables video subscribers to watch certain content wherever they are connected to the Internet, whether in or outside
their home. TWC offers customers online access to a growing number of prominent networks, such as ESPN, HBO, Comedy Central, MTV, Spike, Nickelodeon, NBA League Pass, Big Ten Network, PAC-12 Networks and Time Warner Cable SportsNet and Time Warner
Cable Deportes, without any additional fees. During 2013, TWC expects to make additional programming available to its residential video subscribers wherever they are connected to the Internet. 

As of December 31, 2012, TWC served approximately 12.0 million residential video subscribers. 

High-speed Data Services 

TWC’s high-speed data services provide residential services customers with a fast, always-on connection to the Internet. As of December 31, 2012, TWC served approximately 10.9 million
residential high-speed data subscribers. 

TWC offers multiple tiers of high-speed data service providing various service
speeds, data usage levels and other attributes tailored to meet the different needs of its subscribers. TWC’s Standard tier provides downstream speeds up to 15 megabits per second (“Mbps”). For subscribers who want faster speeds,
TWC offers Turbo, Extreme and Ultimate 50 tiers, with downstream speeds ranging from up to 20 Mbps to 50 Mbps. In a few cities, TWC is offering Ultimate 75 and Ultimate 100 tiers, with downstream speeds up to 75 Mbps and 100 Mbps, respectively. In
addition, TWC offers Essentials Internet, which gives customers the option to select a high-speed data plan with a lower data allotment and price, based on their needs and budget. The Essentials option is available with TWC’s Lite, Basic and
Standard high-speed data tiers. 

TWC’s high-speed data service provides communication tools and personalized services,
including email, personal computer (“PC”) security, parental controls and online radio, without any additional charge. The RR.com portal provides 

3 

Table of Contents

access to content and media from local, national and international providers and topic-specific channels, including entertainment, dating, games, news, sports, travel, music, movie listings,
shopping, ticketing and coupon sites. 

To enhance its traditional high-speed data service offerings, TWC
has deployed WiFi access points, TWC WiFi Hotspots, in high-traffic locations across Los Angeles as well as in several locations in New York City, Charlotte and Kansas City. The TWC WiFi Hotspots are available to TWC’s Standard, Turbo, Extreme
and Ultimate tier subscribers for no additional charge. TWC’s Basic, Lite and Essentials Internet subscribers, as well as non-TWC high-speed data subscribers, may access the TWC WiFi Hotspots for a fee. TWC expects to continue to deploy
additional TWC WiFi Hotspots during 2013. In addition, during 2012, TWC entered into an agreement with Bright House, Cablevision Systems Corporation (“Cablevision”), Comcast and Cox Communications, Inc. (“Cox”) to offer each
other’s high-speed data subscribers free access to their respective WiFi networks, with the shared network referred to as “CableWiFi.” Access to the shared CableWiFi network will continue to be rolled out during 2013. 

Voice Services 

TWC’s residential voice services offer customers unlimited local and long-distance calling throughout the U.S. and to Canada and
Puerto Rico, together with a variety of calling features, including call waiting, call forwarding, distinctive ring and caller ID on the customer’s telephone, computer or television, generally for a fixed monthly fee. TWC also offers a number
of plan options that are designed to meet customers’ particular needs, including local-only, unlimited in-state and international calling plans, such as the Global Penny Phone Plan, which enables customers to call over 40 countries for only a
penny per minute, and the International OnePrice Plan. As of December 31, 2012, TWC served approximately 5.0 million residential voice subscribers. TWC also provides a free web portal, VoiceZone, which allows voice subscribers to customize
their service features, set up caller ID on PC and block unwanted calls. Customers with TWC’s voicemail service may also use VoiceZone to listen to, download and email their messages at no additional charge. 

During 2013, TWC intends to deploy a discounted voice service to qualifying low-income customers through participation in the Federal
Universal Service Fund’s (“USF”) Lifeline program, which will provide government subsidized discounts to eligible customers. 

IntelligentHome 

During 2012, TWC launched IntelligentHome, a next-generation home automation and monitoring service, in several of its operating areas.
TWC’s broadband cable system connects the customer’s in-home system to TWC’s technologically-advanced emergency response center with cellular backup support. In addition to providing traditional security and fire monitoring, the
service allows customers to remotely arm or disarm their security system, monitor their home via indoor and outdoor cameras and remotely operate key home functions, including setting and controlling lights, thermostats and appliances. TWC plans to
launch IntelligentHome in its remaining operating areas during 2013. 

Verizon Wireless 

During the second quarter of 2012, TWC and Verizon Wireless began selling each other’s products and services in a number of cities
under agency agreements entered into by TWC, Comcast, Bright House and Verizon Wireless that allow the cable companies to sell Verizon Wireless-branded wireless service, and Verizon Wireless to sell each cable company’s services. Subject to
certain conditions, the cable companies have the option to offer wireless service under their own brands utilizing Verizon Wireless’ network, although the Company currently has no plans to offer such service. In addition, the cable companies
and Verizon Wireless have formed an innovation technology joint venture to better integrate wireless and wireline services. These activities are subject to the requirements contained in the August 16, 2012 consent decree executed with the
Department of Justice in connection with the SpectrumCo transaction, which limits where Verizon Wireless can sell TWC’s services as well as TWC’s ability to enter into agreements with Verizon under certain circumstances. The consent
decree is pending the approval of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia. 

Business Services 

TWC offers data, video and voice services, managed and outsourced IT solutions and cloud services to businesses. TWC provides these
services to both retail and wholesale customers. Retail customers range from small businesses with a single location to medium-sized and enterprise businesses with multiple locations. Wholesale customers are primarily other service providers, such
as telecommunications companies and network and managed services resellers. 

4 

Table of Contents

Data Services 

TWC offers business customers a variety of data services, including Internet access, network services and wholesale transport services. 

Internet access.  TWC provides asymmetrical broadband Internet access to small businesses with downstream speeds up to
15 Mbps. In addition, TWC offers asymmetrical wideband Internet access with downstream speeds up to 50 Mbps in most service areas and, in 2013, will begin to offer even faster service tiers with downstream speeds up to 75 Mbps and 100 Mbps in a
few cities. TWC also provides dedicated Internet access to businesses over its fiber network, offering symmetrical speeds up to 10 Gigabits per second (“Gbps”). 

Network services.  TWC offers Ethernet-based network services that enable businesses to interconnect their geographically dispersed locations and local area networks (“LANs”) in
a private network, with speeds up to 10 Gbps. 

Wholesale transport services.  TWC offers wholesale transport
services to wireless telephone providers for cell tower backhaul and to other service providers to connect customers that their own networks do not reach. 

As of December 31, 2012, TWC served 460,000 business high-speed data services subscribers. 

Video Services 

TWC offers business customers a wide spectrum of video services, including a full range of video programming tiers and music services
targeting businesses of different sizes and across key industries, such as hospitality, healthcare and education. As of December 31, 2012, TWC served 188,000 business video subscribers. 

Voice Services 

TWC offers business customers voice services that
include both multi-line phone service and primary rate interface (“PRI”) trunk services. 

Multi-line
phone.  TWC’s multi-line business voice service, Business Class Phone, offers business customers a range of calling plan options along with key business features, such as call hunting, extensive call forwarding options, call
restrictions and call transfer. TWC also provides a web-based customer portal, VoiceManager, which allows voice customers to customize and manage the associated service features. 

PRI trunks.  TWC’s PRI trunk service, Business Class PRI, offers medium-sized and enterprise business
customers a range of trunk packages with up to twenty-three simultaneous voice calls on each two-way trunk line and a set of voice usage plans. The VoiceManager customer portal is also provided to enable PRI customers to customize and manage the
associated service features. 

As of December 31, 2012, TWC served 224,000 business voice subscribers. 

Managed and Outsourced IT Solutions and Cloud Services 

TWC offers its data customers a number of managed and cloud services, including managed network security, static Internet Protocol (“IP”) addressing, domain name registration, online
backup, hosted Microsoft Exchange and SharePoint and web hosting.
 TWC also provides a range of customized cloud, managed hosting, managed application and messaging solutions along with other
 related IT solutions and professional
services for medium-sized and enterprise customers across a variety of industries.

Advertising 

TWC earns revenue by selling video and online advertising inventory to local, regional and national customers. Under its video
programming agreements, TWC typically receives an allocation of scheduled advertising time, generally two or three minutes per hour, into which its systems can insert commercials. TWC sells this inventory to advertisers, retaining a portion of it to
promote its own products and services. TWC also sells the video and online advertising inventory of its owned and operated local news, sports and lifestyle channels, such as NY1 News, a 24-hour news channel focused on the New York metropolitan area,
and its RR.com portal to local and regional advertisers. During the fourth quarter of 2012, 

5 

Table of Contents

TWC also began selling advertising inventory on the Company’s two Los Angeles regional sports networks, Time Warner Cable SportsNet and Time Warner Cable Deportes, launched on
October 1, 2012 that carry the Los Angeles Lakers’ basketball games and other sports programming (the “LA RSNs”). In addition, TWC continues to explore various means to deliver advanced advertising offerings and measurement data
to video and high-speed data advertisers. 

In many locations, TWC has formed advertising “interconnects” or entered
into representation agreements with contiguous cable system operators under which TWC sells advertising on behalf of those operators. This enables TWC to deliver commercials across wider geographic areas, replicating the reach of the local broadcast
stations as much as possible. TWC also sells advertising on behalf of Verizon FiOS and AT&T Inc. (“AT&T”) U-verse in a number of cities and online display advertising on behalf of several third parties. In addition, TWC, together
with Comcast and Cox, owns National Cable Communications LLC (“National Cable Communications”), which, on behalf of a number of cable operators, sells advertising time to national and regional advertisers. Through National Cable
Communications, TWC is a party to an agreement to sell certain DIRECTV Group Inc. (“DIRECTV”) advertising inventory. 

Regional
Sports and News Networks 

On October 1, 2012, TWC launched the LA RSNs, one in English and one in Spanish, that carry
the Los Angeles Lakers’ basketball games, the Los Angeles Galaxy Major League Soccer games and the Sparks women’s basketball games as well as other regional sports programming. TWC has a long-term agreement with the Los Angeles Lakers for
rights to distribute all locally available pre-season, regular season and post-season Los Angeles Lakers’ games. As of December 31, 2012, the LA RSNs are distributed by the majority of major video distributors to approximately
8.6 million subscribers. TWC also manages 18 local news channels, including NY1 News, 13 local sports channels and seven local lifestyle channels, and it owns 26.8% of Sterling Entertainment Enterprises, LLC (doing business as SportsNet New
York), a New York City-based regional sports network that carries New York Mets’ baseball games as well as other regional sports programming. In addition, in January 2013, TWC entered into a long-term affiliation agreement with American Media
Productions, LLC (“American Media Productions”), which owns SportsNet LA, a regional sports network that will carry the Los Angeles Dodgers’ baseball games and other sports programming beginning with the 2014 baseball season. TWC also
will act as the network’s exclusive advertising and affiliate sales agent and will have certain branding and programming rights with respect to the network. In addition, TWC will provide certain non-game production and technical services to
American Media Productions. The arrangement with American Media Productions is subject to certain closing conditions. 

Marketing and Sales 

During 2012, TWC launched the “Enjoy Better” platform to market its services, which aims to remind current and potential customers that TWC makes enjoying the things they love better. The
messaging is delivered via broadcast, TWC’s website, its cable systems, print, radio and other outlets, including outdoor advertising, direct mail, email, online advertising, local grassroots efforts and non-traditional media. 

TWC also employs a wide range of direct channels to reach its customers, including outbound telemarketing, email marketing, door-to-door
sales, online at www.twc.com and through third-party web partners, and in TWC and third-party retail stores, including Verizon Wireless retail stores. Beyond these channels, TWC uses social media applications, such as Facebook, to build
awareness of its brand, products and services. In addition, TWC uses customer care channels and inbound call centers to sell additional services to existing customers, as well as new services to potential customers. 

TWC targets products and services to specific groups of existing and potential customers. TWC offers SignatureHome, a product and service
bundle targeting its higher-end demographic with a video, high-speed data and voice bundle that includes certain enhanced features. TWC also offers Time Warner Cable TV Essentials and Essentials Internet, video and high-speed data packages that
appeal to budget-conscious customers. TWC uses product innovations, like its TWC TV apps, to differentiate TWC from its competitors and creative marketing campaigns to appeal to groups of customers. TWC plans to continue to tailor services by
customer segment and market these services with a mix of targeted media and direct marketing efforts. 

6 

Table of Contents

Customer Care 

TWC is continually improving its installation and service processes, including shortened service windows and guaranteed on-time
appointments. TWC, through its EZ Connects program, enables existing customers to self-install many of the Company’s services without the need for a service appointment. To provide customers with more service and response options, TWC has
upgraded its call center platforms to allow customer calls to be routed more efficiently, and has invested in its interactive voice response system and a broad set of online self-help tools. The Company also continues to focus on improving
reliability and the technical quality of its plant to avoid repeat trouble calls. 

Technology 

TWC’s cable systems employ a hybrid fiber coaxial cable, or “HFC,” network. TWC transmits signals on these systems via
laser-fed fiber optic cable from origination points known as “headends” and “hubs” to a group of distribution “nodes.” TWC uses coaxial cable to deliver these signals from the individual nodes to the homes and
businesses they serve. In many locations, TWC has extended fiber and coaxial cable from the individual nodes to its customer’s site to support business data, networking and wholesale transport services. 

Historically, TWC has utilized local headends in each of its systems to receive, transcode and transmit video signals. TWC is
transitioning from the use of local headends to two national centers. These national centers leverage TWC’s nationwide fiber backbone, which interconnects with TWC’s fiber-rich regional and metro rings, improving network efficiency and
reliability throughout the Company’s systems. Also, during 2012, TWC launched its own content delivery network (“CDN”), which enables the Company to deliver managed IP video service to its customers without reliance on third parties.

TWC believes that its network architecture is sufficiently flexible and extensible to support its current requirements.
However, TWC anticipates that it will need to continually use the bandwidth available to its systems more efficiently. To accommodate increasing demands for greater capacity in its network, TWC has deployed a technology known as switched digital
video (“SDV”) in all of its service areas. SDV technology expands network capacity by transmitting on a given node certain digital and HD video channels only when they are being watched by one or more customers served by that node. Since
it is generally the case that not all such channels are being watched at all times within any given group of customers, SDV technology frees up capacity that can then be made available for other uses, including additional HD channels, expanded VOD
offerings, faster high-speed data connections, reliable voice quality and interactive services. TWC received an Emmy award in 2008 for its efforts in SDV technology development. In addition to its use of SDV technology, TWC expects that over the
next several years it will continue to reclaim spectrum currently dedicated to the delivery of analog video signals, thereby freeing additional capacity for other uses. 

Suppliers 

TWC contracts with certain third parties for goods and services
related to the delivery of its video, high-speed data and voice services. 

Video programming.  TWC carries
local broadcast stations pursuant to the compulsory copyright provisions of the Copyright Act of 1976, as amended, as well as under either the FCC “must carry” rules or a written retransmission consent agreement with the relevant station
owner. TWC has multi-year retransmission consent agreements in place with most of the retransmission consent stations that it carries. For more information, see “—Regulatory Matters” below. Cable networks, including premium networks
and related VOD content, are carried pursuant to affiliation agreements. TWC generally pays a monthly per subscriber fee for these cable services and for broadcast stations that elect retransmission consent. Payments to the providers of some premium
networks may be based on a percentage of TWC’s gross receipts from subscriptions to the services. Generally, TWC obtains rights to carry VOD movies and events and to sell and/or rent online video programming via the RR Video Store through iN
Demand L.L.C., a company in which TWC holds a minority interest. In some instances, TWC contracts directly with film studios for VOD carriage rights for movies. Such VOD content is generally provided to TWC under revenue-sharing arrangements.

Set-top boxes, program guides and network equipment.  TWC purchases set-top boxes and CableCARDs from a
limited number of suppliers, including Cisco Systems, Inc. (“Cisco Systems”), Google Inc. (“Google”) (which acquired Motorola 

7 

Table of Contents

Mobility Holdings, Inc. (“Motorola Mobility”) in May 2012 and has entered into an agreement to sell Motorola Mobility’s Home unit to ARRIS Group, Inc. (“ARRIS Group”)),
and Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. TWC rents these devices to subscribers at monthly rates. See “—Regulatory Matters” below. TWC purchases routers, switches and other network equipment from a variety of providers, the most significant
of which are Cisco Systems and ARRIS Group. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Dependence on Third Parties—TWC may not be able to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support.” In addition to the Open Cable Digital
Navigator (“ODN”) and Mystro Digital Navigator (“MDN”) program guides developed by the Company, TWC provides certain of its subscribers with set-top box program guides from Rovi Corporation. 

High-speed data and voice connectivity.  TWC delivers its high-speed data and voice services through its HFC network.
TWC uses circuits that are either owned by TWC or leased from third parties to connect to the Internet, the public switched telephone network and to interconnect to its network. TWC pays fees for leased circuits based on the amount of capacity
available to it and pays for Internet connectivity based on the amount of IP-based traffic received from and sent over the other carrier’s network. TWC also has entered into a number of “settlement-free peering” arrangements with
third-party networks that allow TWC to exchange traffic with those networks without a fee. 

Voice
services.  Under multi-year agreements between TWC and Sprint Nextel Corporation (“Sprint”), Sprint assists TWC in providing voice service by routing some of the Company’s voice traffic to and from destinations outside
of TWC’s network via the public switched telephone network, delivering E911, operator and directory assistance services and assisting in order processing, local number portability and long-distance traffic carriage. In the fourth quarter of
2010, TWC began terminating these arrangements with Sprint and obtaining the required services from alternative providers at significantly lower costs. As of December 31, 2012, TWC had replaced Sprint with respect to nearly half of TWC’s
voice lines. The Company expects to replace the majority of the remaining voice lines in the second half of 2013, with the process completed during the first quarter of 2014. 

Competition 

Residential Services 

TWC faces intense competition for residential services customers from a variety of alternative communications, information and
entertainment delivery sources. TWC competes with incumbent local telephone companies and other overbuilders across each of its primary residential services. Some of these competitors offer a broad range of services with features and functions
comparable to those provided by TWC and in bundles similar to those offered by TWC, sometimes including wireless service. 

Each of TWC’s residential services also faces competition from other companies that provide services on a stand-alone basis.
TWC’s residential video service faces competition from direct broadcast satellite (“DBS”) services, including DIRECTV and DISH Network Corporation (“DISH Network”), and increasingly from companies that deliver content to
consumers over the Internet and on mobile devices. TWC’s residential high-speed data and voice services face competition from wireless Internet and voice providers. TWC’s residential voice service also faces competition from
“over-the-top” phone services and other alternatives, including texting, social networking, video conferencing and email. Additionally, technological advances and product innovations have increased and will likely continue to increase the
number of alternatives available to TWC’s current and potential residential customers, further intensifying competition. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Competition.” 

Principal Competitors 

Incumbent local telephone
companies.  TWC’s residential video, high-speed data and voice services face competition from the video, digital subscriber line (“DSL”), wireless broadband and wireline and wireless phone offerings of AT&T and
Verizon. TWC estimates that AT&T and Verizon have upgraded their networks in approximately 26% and 12%, respectively, of TWC’s operating areas to carry two-way video, high-speed data and IP-based telephony services, each of which is similar
to the corresponding residential service offered by TWC. Moreover, AT&T and Verizon aggressively market and sell bundles of video, high-speed data and voice services plus, in some cases, wireless services, and they market cross-platform features
with their wireless services. In addition, both AT&T and Verizon have begun offering services that allow subscribers to view television programming and rent movies on mobile devices. TWC also faces competition in some areas from the DSL,
wireless broadband and phone offerings of smaller incumbent local telephone companies, such as Frontier Communications Corporation, CenturyLink, Inc., Cincinnati Bell, Inc. and Windstream Corp. 

8 

Table of Contents

Direct broadcast satellite.  TWC’s residential video service faces
competition from DBS services, primarily DISH Network and DIRECTV. DISH Network and DIRECTV offer satellite-delivered pre-packaged programming services that can be received by relatively small and inexpensive receiving dishes. These providers offer
aggressive promotional pricing, exclusive programming (e.g., NFL Sunday Ticket) and video services that are comparable in many respects to TWC’s residential video service, including its DVR service and some of its interactive programming
features. 

In some areas, incumbent local telephone companies and DBS operators have entered into co-marketing arrangements
that allow the telephone companies to offer synthetic bundles (i.e., video service provided principally by the DBS operator, and DSL, wireline phone service and, in some cases, wireless service provided by the telephone company). From a consumer
standpoint, the synthetic bundles appear similar to TWC’s bundles. 

Cable overbuilders.  TWC operates
its cable systems under non-exclusive franchises granted by state or local authorities. The existence of more than one cable system, including municipality-owned systems, operating in the same territory is referred to as an “overbuild.” In
some of TWC’s operating areas, other operators have overbuilt TWC’s systems and offer video, high-speed data and/or voice services in competition with TWC. For example, in Kansas City, Kansas, TWC’s residential video and high-speed
data services compete with Google’s recently launched video and broadband services, and Google may decide to launch similar video and broadband services in additional locations where TWC operates. 

Other Competition and Competitive Factors 

Aside from competing with the video, high-speed data and voice services offered by incumbent local telephone companies, DBS providers and cable overbuilders, each of TWC’s residential services also
faces competition from other companies that provide services on a stand-alone basis. 

Video
competition.  TWC’s residential video service faces competition from a number of different sources, including companies that deliver movies, television shows and other video programming over broadband Internet connections, such as
Hulu.com, Apple Inc.’s “iTunes,” Amazon.com, Inc.’s “Prime,” Netflix Inc.’s “Watch Instantly” and YouTube. Increasingly, content owners are utilizing Internet-based delivery of content directly to
consumers, some without charging a fee for access to the content. Furthermore, due to consumer electronics innovations, consumers are able to watch such Internet-delivered content on television sets and mobile devices. TWC also competes with online
order services with mail delivery and video stores. 

Internet competition.  TWC’s residential high-speed
data service faces competition from a variety of companies that offer other forms of online services, including wireless and satellite-based broadband services. 

Voice competition.  TWC’s residential voice service competes with wireline, wireless and “over-the-top” phone providers. An increasing number of homes in the U.S. are
replacing their traditional wireline telephone service with wireless phone service, a trend commonly referred to as “wireless substitution.” Wireless phone providers are encouraging this trend with aggressive marketing and the launch of
wireless products targeted for home use. TWC also competes with “over-the-top” providers, such as Vonage, Skype, magicJack, Google Voice, and Ooma, Inc. and companies that sell phone cards at a cost per minute for both national and
international service. In addition, TWC’s residential voice service competes with other forms of communication, such as text messaging on cellular phones, instant messaging, social networking services, video conferencing and email. The increase
in wireless substitution, the number of different technologies capable of carrying voice services and the number of alternative communication options available to customers has intensified the competitive environment in which TWC operates its
residential voice service. 

Additional competition.  In addition to multi-channel video providers, cable
systems compete with all other sources of news, information and entertainment, including over-the-air television broadcast reception, live events, movie theaters and the Internet. To the extent that TWC’s services converge with theirs, TWC
competes with the manufacturers of consumer electronics products. For instance, TWC’s DVR service competes with similar devices manufactured by consumer electronics companies. 

Business Services 

TWC competes across each of its business data and voice
services with incumbent local exchange carriers (“ILECs”), including AT&T and Verizon, competitive local exchange carriers (“CLECs”) and interexchange carriers (“IXCs”). TWC’s cell tower backhaul service also
faces competition from ILECs and CLECs, as well as other carriers, such as metro and 

9 

Table of Contents

regional fiber providers. TWC’s business video service faces competition from DBS providers. TWC also competes with cloud, hosting and related service providers and application-service
providers. 

Advertising 

TWC faces intense competition in its advertising business across many different platforms and from a wide range of local and national competitors. Competition has increased and will likely continue to
increase as new formats for advertising seek to attract the same advertisers. TWC competes for advertising revenue against, among others, local broadcast stations, national cable and broadcast networks, radio, newspapers, magazines and outdoor
advertisers, as well as Internet companies. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2012, TWC had approximately 51,000 employees, including approximately 750 part-time employees. Approximately
4.2% of TWC’s employees are represented by labor unions. TWC considers its relations with its employees to be good. 

Regulatory Matters 

TWC’s business is subject, in part, to regulation by the FCC, other federal agencies and most local and state governments where TWC has cable systems. Various legislative and regulatory proposals
under consideration from time to time by the U.S. Congress (“Congress”) and various federal agencies have in the past materially affected TWC and may do so in the future. 

The Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the “Communications Act”), and the regulations and policies of the FCC affect
significant aspects of TWC’s operations, including video subscriber rates; carriage of broadcast television signals and cable programming, as well as the way TWC sells its program packages to subscribers; the use of cable systems by franchising
authorities and other third parties; cable system ownership; the offering of data and voice services; and TWC’s use of utility poles and conduits. 

The following is a summary of current significant federal, state and local laws and regulations affecting the growth and operation of TWC’s business. 

Video Services 

Carriage of broadcast television stations and other programming regulation.  The Communications Act and the FCC’s
regulations contain broadcast signal carriage requirements that allow local commercial television broadcast stations to elect once every three years to require a cable system to carry their stations, subject to some exceptions, commonly called
“must carry,” or to negotiate with cable systems the terms on which the cable systems may carry their stations, commonly called “retransmission consent.” 

The Communications Act and the FCC’s regulations require a cable operator to devote up to one-third of its activated channel capacity for the mandatory carriage of local commercial television
stations that elect “must carry.” The Communications Act and the FCC’s regulations give local non-commercial television stations mandatory carriage rights, but non-commercial stations do not have the option to negotiate retransmission
consent for the carriage of their signals by cable systems. Additionally, cable systems must obtain retransmission consent for all “distant” commercial television stations (i.e., those television stations outside the designated market area
to which a community is assigned) except for commercial satellite-delivered independent “superstations” and some low-power television stations. 

The FCC adopted rules, effective in June 2009, that required cable operators that offer at least some analog service (i.e., that are not operating “all-digital” systems) to provide
subscribers down-converted analog versions of must-carry broadcast stations’ digital signals. In addition, must-carry stations broadcasting in HD format must be carried in HD on cable systems with greater than 552 MHz capacity;
standard-definition signals must be carried in analog format (although TWC often also carries such signals in digital format). These rules were scheduled to terminate after three years and, in June 2012, the FCC released an order permitting the
rules to expire on December 12, 2012. The National Association of Broadcasters appealed the FCC’s order to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, which remains pending. 

10 

Table of Contents

In March 2010, a coalition of fourteen public interest groups and multi-channel video
programming distributors (“MVPDs”), including TWC, petitioned the FCC for reform of the retransmission consent rules. The petition stated that outdated retransmission consent rules allow broadcasters to threaten signal blackouts to force
MVPDs to pay significant increases in retransmission consent fees to the detriment of MVPDs and consumers. Shortly thereafter, the FCC issued a Public Notice seeking comment on the petition and, in March 2011, the FCC initiated a rulemaking
proceeding on retransmission consent. TWC is unable to predict what rules, if any, the FCC might adopt in connection with retransmission consent. 

The Communications Act also permits franchising authorities to negotiate with cable operators for channels for public, educational and governmental access programming. It also requires a cable system with
36 or more activated channels to designate a significant portion of its channel capacity for commercial leased access by third parties, which limits the amount of capacity TWC has available for other programming. The FCC regulates various aspects of
such third-party commercial use of channel capacity on TWC’s cable systems, including the rates and some terms and conditions of the commercial use. These rules are the subject of an ongoing FCC proceeding, and recent revisions to such rules
are stayed pursuant to an appeal in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. 

In addition, the Communications Act
and FCC regulations also require TWC to give various kinds of advance notice of certain changes in TWC’s programming line-up. Under certain circumstances, TWC must give as much as 30 or 45 days’ advance notice to subscribers,
programmers and franchising authorities of such changes. DBS operators and other non-cable programming distributors are not subject to analogous duties. 

Subscriber rates.  The Communications Act and the FCC’s rules regulate rates for basic cable service and equipment in communities that are not subject to “effective
competition,” as defined by federal law. Where there has been no finding by the FCC of effective competition, federal law authorizes franchising authorities to regulate the monthly rates charged by the operator for the minimum level of video
programming service, referred to as basic service tier or BST, which generally includes broadcast television signals, satellite-delivered broadcast networks and superstations, local origination channels, a few specialty networks and public access,
educational and government channels. This regulation also applies to the installation, sale and lease of equipment used by subscribers to receive basic service, such as set-top boxes and remote control units. As of December 31, 2012, the FCC
has determined that approximately 70% of the communities TWC serves are subject to “effective competition.” 

Ownership limitations.  There are various rules prohibiting joint ownership of cable systems and other kinds of
communications facilities, including local telephone companies and multichannel multipoint distribution service facilities. The Communications Act also requires the FCC to adopt “reasonable limits” on the number of subscribers a cable
operator may reach through systems in which it holds an ownership interest. In December 2007, the FCC adopted an order establishing a 30% limit on the percentage of nationwide multichannel video subscribers that any single cable provider can serve.
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit reversed and vacated the FCC order in August 2009. TWC is unable to predict when the FCC will take action to set new limits, if any. The Communications Act also requires the FCC to
adopt “reasonable limits” on the number of channels that cable operators may fill with programming services in which they hold an ownership interest. The matter remains pending before the FCC. It is uncertain when the FCC will rule on this
issue or how any regulation it adopts might affect TWC. 

Pole attachment regulation.  The Communications Act
requires that investor-owned utilities provide cable systems and telecommunications carriers with non-discriminatory access to any pole, conduit or right-of-way controlled by those utilities. The Communications Act permits the FCC to regulate the
rates, terms and conditions imposed by these utilities for cable systems’ use of utility poles and conduit space. States are permitted to preempt FCC jurisdiction over pole attachments through certifying that they regulate the terms of
attachments themselves. Many states in which TWC operates have done so. Rates for “cable” attachments and “telecommunications” attachments are calculated under different provisions of the Communications Act and rates for
telecommunications attachments have historically been higher than the rates for cable attachments. In August 2009, a coalition of electric utility companies petitioned the FCC to declare that the pole attachment rate for cable companies’ Voice
over Internal Protocol (“VoIP”) services should be assessed at the rate paid by telecommunications providers even if those services are not offered as telecommunications services. In June 2011, an FCC order that revised the formula for the
telecommunications attachment rate, lowering it and bringing it as close as possible to the cable rate became effective. This Order is subject to Petitions for Reconsideration at the FCC and judicial appeal before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit. Finally, some of the poles TWC uses are exempt from federal or state regulation because they are owned by utility cooperatives and municipal entities. These entities may not renew TWC’s existing agreements when
they expire, and they may require TWC to pay substantially increased fees. A number of 

11 

Table of Contents

these entities are currently seeking to impose substantial rate increases. For further discussion of pole attachment rates, see the discussion in “Risk Factors—Risks Related to
Government Regulation—TWC may encounter substantially increased pole attachment costs.” 

Set-top box
regulation.  Certain regulatory requirements are applicable to set-top boxes and other equipment that can be used to receive digital video services. Currently, many cable subscribers rent from their cable operator a set-top box that
performs both signal-reception functions and conditional-access security functions. The rental rates cable operators charge for this equipment are subject to rate regulation to the same extent as basic cable service. Under these regulations, cable
operators are allowed to set equipment rates for set-top boxes, conditional-access security cards or CableCARDs and remote controls on the basis of actual capital costs, plus an annual after-tax rate of return of 11.25%, on the capital cost (net of
depreciation). Regulations prohibit cable operators from placing into service new set-top boxes that have integrated security functions. DBS operators are not subject to this requirement. 

In June 2007, the FCC initiated a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking that may lead to regulations covering equipment sold at retail that is
designed to receive two-way products and services, which, if adopted, could increase TWC’s cost in supporting such equipment. This Notice of Proposed Rulemaking remains pending. In June 2008, cable operators and consumer-electronics companies
entered into a Memorandum of Understanding that establishes a national platform for retail devices to receive interactive (or two-way) cable services. 

In November 2009, in its National Broadband Plan proceeding, the FCC identified a set-top box “innovation gap” that it stated could hinder the convergence of video, TV and IP-based technology.
In December 2009, the FCC launched two proceedings, seeking comment on improvements for CableCARDs and longer-term measures to encourage innovation in the market for navigation devices, such as requiring MVPDs and consumer electronics manufacturers
to develop a universal “all-video” adapter. In October 2010, the FCC adopted an order to address CableCARD issues. The new rules included requirements that cable operators provide reasonable access to switched digital programming for
retail one-way devices through a technology of the operator’s choice, provide credits to customers who use their own retail set-top boxes rather than renting and allow self-installation of CableCARDs. The order also granted relief to cable
operators by eliminating the requirement for certain connectors on HD set-top boxes in favor of alternative outputs and allowing operators to deploy low-end HD set-top boxes that do not include CableCARDs. The deadline for implementation of the
alternative outputs is June 2014. The universal “all-video” adapter notice of inquiry proceeding remains pending. If the FCC requires MVPDs to develop an “all-video” adapter, it may impede innovation in this area. 

In 2012, TWC joined with 14 other MVPDs and device manufactures to launch a Set-Top Box Energy Conservation Agreement to continue to
improve the energy efficiency of set-top boxes through 2017. Pursuant to the agreement, TWC has committed to having at least ninety percent of all new set-top boxes deployed starting in 2014 meet U.S. EPA ENERGY STAR 3.0 efficiency standards. The
agreement provides detailed processes for verification of set-top box performance, annual public reporting on energy efficiency improvements and posting of power consumption information by each company for its customers. 

Copyright regulation.  TWC’s cable systems provide subscribers with, among other things, content from local and
distant television broadcast stations. TWC generally does not obtain a license to use the copyrighted performances contained in these stations’ programming directly from program owners. Instead, in exchange for filing reports with the
U.S. Copyright Office and contributing a percentage of revenue to a federal copyright royalty pool, cable operators obtain rights to retransmit copyrighted material contained in broadcast signals pursuant to a statutory license. The elimination
or substantial modification of this statutory copyright license has been the subject of ongoing legislative and administrative review, and, if eliminated, modified or interpreted by the U.S. Copyright Office differently, could adversely affect
TWC’s ability to obtain suitable programming and could substantially increase TWC’s programming costs. 

In addition,
when TWC obtains programming from third parties, TWC generally obtains licenses that include any necessary authorizations to transmit the music included in it. When TWC creates its own programming and provides various other programming or related
content, including local origination programming and advertising that TWC inserts into cable-programming networks, TWC is required to obtain any necessary music performance licenses directly from the rights holders. These rights are generally
controlled by three music performance rights organizations, each with rights to the music of various composers. TWC generally has obtained the necessary licenses, either through negotiated licenses or through procedures established by consent
decrees entered into by some of the music performance rights organizations. 

Program carriage.  The
Communications Act and the FCC’s “program carriage” rules restrict cable operators and MVPDs from unreasonably restraining the ability of an unaffiliated programming vendor to compete fairly by discriminating

12 

Table of Contents

against the programming vendor on the basis of its non-affiliation in the selection, terms or conditions for carriage. In August 2011, the FCC issued an order, which, among other things,
established rules regarding what a complaint must demonstrate to establish a prima facie case of a program carriage violation and established procedures for consideration by the FCC’s Media Bureau of a complainant’s request for a
temporary standstill of the price, terms and other conditions of an existing programming contract pending the FCC’s resolution of a complaint proceeding. TWC and the National Cable and Telecommunications Association (“NCTA”) appealed
the FCC’s order to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, which remains pending. The August 2011 order also contained a notice of proposed rulemaking that sought comment on several procedural and substantive program carriage issues.
The rulemaking proceeding remains pending before the FCC. 

Tax.  Under the Telecommunications Act of 1996,
DBS providers benefit from federal preemption of locally imposed or administered taxes and fees on video services, including those borne by the Company and its customers. Several states have enacted or are considering parity tax measures to equalize
the tax and fee burden imposed on DBS and cable video services. DBS providers have been challenging such parity efforts in the courts, Congress and, increasingly, state legislatures in an effort to maintain their competitive pricing advantage and
preclude states from implementing such parity tax measures. Thus far, the states have prevailed in the federal and state courts with respect to legal challenges to such tax parity statutes. However, there can be no assurance as to the outcome with
respect to cases still pending and ongoing legislative efforts. 

Franchising.  Cable operators generally
operate their systems under non-exclusive franchises. Franchises are awarded, and cable operators are regulated, by state franchising authorities, local franchising authorities, or both. 

Franchise agreements typically require payment of franchise fees and contain regulatory provisions addressing, among other things,
upgrades, service quality, cable service to schools and other public institutions, insurance and indemnity bonds. The terms and conditions of cable franchises vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. The Communications Act provides protections
against many unreasonable terms. In particular, the Communications Act imposes a ceiling on franchise fees of five percent of revenue derived from cable service. TWC generally passes the franchise fee on to its subscribers, listing it as a separate
item on the bill. 

Franchise agreements usually have a term of ten to 15 years from the date of grant, although some
renewals may be for shorter terms. Franchise agreements usually are terminable only if the cable operator fails to comply with material provisions. TWC has not had a franchise terminated due to breach. After a franchise agreement expires, a local
franchising authority may seek to impose new and more onerous requirements, including requirements to upgrade facilities, to increase channel capacity and to provide various new services. Federal law, however, provides significant substantive and
procedural protections for cable operators seeking renewal of their franchises. In addition, although TWC occasionally reaches the expiration date of a franchise agreement without having a written renewal or extension, TWC generally has the right to
continue to operate, either by agreement with the local franchising authority or by law, while continuing to negotiate a renewal. In the past, substantially all of the material franchises relating to TWC’s systems have been renewed by the
relevant local franchising authority, though sometimes only after significant time and effort. 

In June 2008, the
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit upheld regulations adopted by the FCC in December 2006 intended to limit the ability of local franchising authorities to delay or refuse the grant of competitive franchises (by, for example, imposing
deadlines on franchise negotiations). The FCC has applied most of these rules to incumbent cable operators which, although immediately effective, in some cases may not alter existing franchises prior to renewal. 

At the state level, several states have enacted statutes intended to streamline entry by additional video competitors, some of which
provide more favorable treatment to new entrants than to existing providers. Similar bills are pending or may be enacted in additional states. Despite TWC’s efforts and the protections of federal law, it is possible that some of TWC’s
franchises may not be renewed, and TWC may be required to make significant additional investments in its cable systems in response to requirements imposed in the course of the franchise renewal process. 

High-speed Internet Access Services 

TWC provides high-speed Internet access services over its existing cable facilities. In 2002, the FCC determined that cable-provided high-speed Internet access service is an interstate “information
service” rather than a “cable service” or a “telecommunications service,” as those terms are defined in the Communications Act. That determination was sustained by the U.S. Supreme Court. The “information
service” classification means that the service is not subject to regulation as either a cable service or a telecommunications service under federal, state or local law, and any FCC regulation must be done pursuant to Title I of the
Communications Act. Nonetheless, TWC’s high-speed Internet access service is subject to a number of regulatory requirements, including the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act (“CALEA”), which requires

13 

Table of Contents

that high-speed data providers implement certain network capabilities to assist law enforcement agencies in conducting surveillance of criminal suspects. 

“Net neutrality” legislative proposals and regulations.  Over the past several years, disparate groups have
adopted the term “net neutrality” in connection with their efforts to persuade Congress and regulators to adopt rules that could limit the ability of broadband Internet access providers to effectively manage or operate their broadband
networks. In previous Congressional sessions, legislation was introduced proposing “net neutrality” requirements, which would have limited to a greater or lesser extent the ability of high-speed Internet access service providers to adopt
pricing models and network management policies. 

Following its adoption of a Net Neutrality Policy Statement in 2005, the FCC
opened two separate proceedings to consider potential Net Neutrality regulation. One proceeding proposed “Open Internet” rules building on the 2005 Policy Statement that would be applicable to all broadband Internet access providers. The
second proceeding explored a Title II telecommunications service classification with respect to the transmission portion of broadband Internet access service. In December 2010, the FCC adopted an Open Internet Order pursuant to its authority under
Title I of the Communications Act imposing net neutrality obligations on broadband Internet access providers, including TWC. While the Order specifically indicates that the FCC pursued the exercise of Title I jurisdiction in lieu of a
Title II reclassification approach, the proceeding addressing a Title II reclassification nevertheless remains pending. 

The Open Internet rules, which became effective in November 2011, are based on three basic principles: transparency, no blocking and no unreasonable discrimination, and are applicable to fixed and
wireless broadband Internet access providers to different extents. Under the rules, fixed and wireless broadband Internet access providers are required to make their practices transparent at the point-of-sale and publically available thereafter to
both consumers and providers of Internet content, services, applications and devices via their website or some other method. In addition, subject to “reasonable network management,” fixed broadband Internet access providers are prohibited
from blocking lawful content, applications, services and non-harmful devices, and from engaging in unreasonable discrimination in transmitting lawful traffic. The new rules specifically do not apply to “managed” or “specialized”
services that share the same network infrastructure as broadband Internet access services, although the Order indicates that the FCC intends to observe market developments in this area and may take further regulatory action if it believes it is
warranted. The rules are currently under appeal by multiple parties before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, with proponents arguing the rules did not go far enough and opponents arguing the FCC had no jurisdiction to
impose rules. 

For further discussion of “net neutrality” and its impact on TWC, see the discussion in “Risk
Factors—Risks Related to Government Regulation—‘Net neutrality’ legislation or regulation could limit TWC’s ability to operate its business profitably and to manage its broadband facilities efficiently.” 

Voice Services 

TWC currently offers residential and business voice services using VoIP technology. The FCC has declined to classify VoIP services as
regulated telecommunications services or Title I information services, but has afforded VoIP providers the flexibility to offer their services pursuant to either category. Traditional providers of circuit-switched telephone services and VoIP
providers that offer their services as a telecommunications service generally are subject to significant regulation. In February 2004, the FCC opened a broad-based rulemaking proceeding to consider whether to subject interconnected VoIP services to
all the same regulations that apply to traditional voice services provided by incumbent telephone companies. 

While that
rulemaking remains pending, the FCC has extended a number of traditional telephone carrier regulations to all interconnected VoIP providers, including requiring them to: provide E911 capabilities as a standard feature to their subscribers; comply
with the requirements of CALEA to assist law enforcement investigations in providing, after a lawful request, call content and call identification information; contribute to the USF; pay regulatory fees; comply with subscriber privacy rules; provide
access to their services to persons with disabilities; comply with service discontinuance requirements and local number portability (“LNP”) rules when subscribers change telephone providers, and report certain service outages. In addition,
certain states have sought to impose state regulation on interconnected VoIP providers such as TWC. 

TWC has begun to submit
to state telephone regulation and to be classified as a telecommunications carrier in certain states in connection with its plan to provide discounted Lifeline telephone services to low-income customers. In order to participate in the Lifeline
program and receive reimbursement from the federal and, if applicable, state USFs, voice providers must be designated as “Eligible Telecommunications Carriers.” Therefore, in the states in which TWC intends to deploy

14 

Table of Contents

Lifeline telephone services, TWC will be regulated as a telecommunications carrier and will be subject to Eligible Telecommunications Carrier requirements. This will place additional operational,
regulatory and administrative burdens on TWC’s business and could expose TWC to additional regulatory risk in connection with its compliance with state and federal regulation. 

In connection with TWC’s efforts to obtain the interconnection necessary to provide its voice services, some small incumbent
telephone companies (“RLECs”) have resisted interconnecting directly with TWC under various legal theories. TWC has been involved in extensive litigation before various state utility commissions, the FCC and several federal courts and, as
a result, it continues to be unable to deploy its voice service in a limited number of rural markets. 

In November 2011, in
its proceeding considering comprehensive intercarrier compensation reform, including the appropriate compensation regime applicable to interconnected VoIP traffic over the public switched telephone network (“PSTN”), the FCC released an
Order adopting rules providing greater clarity regarding the compensation rights and obligations of carriers that originate or terminate VoIP traffic, making clear that origination and termination charges may be imposed when an entity uses IP
facilities to transmit traffic to or from a party’s premises and establishing default rates for such traffic. At the same time, these rules reduced the amount of intercarrier compensation that providers such as TWC could collect from long
distance carriers terminating calls to customers. In addition, the FCC issued a Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking seeking to adopt rules to govern IP-to-IP interconnection for voice services and indicating that carriers should negotiate such
agreements in good faith during the pendency of such proceeding. In November 2012, AT&T filed a petition with the FCC asking it to commence a proceeding to address the transition of the circuit-switched PSTN to an all IP network, including IP
interconnection. The FCC is seeking comment on the petition as well as a related petition filed in November 2012 by representatives of RLECs seeking USF funding for IP interconnection. It is unclear whether and when the FCC or Congress will
adopt further rules relating to IP interconnection or other regulation for IP voice services and how such rules would affect TWC’s interconnected VoIP service. 

Commercial Networking and Transport Services 

Entities providing
point-to-point and other transport services generally are subject to various kinds of regulation. In particular, in connection with intrastate transport services, state regulatory authorities require such providers to obtain and maintain
certificates of public convenience and necessity and to file tariffs setting forth the service’s rates, terms, and conditions and to have just, reasonable, and non-discriminatory rates, terms and conditions. Interstate transport services are
governed by similar federal regulations. In addition, providers generally may not transfer assets or ownership without receiving approval from or providing notice to state and federal authorities. Finally, providers of point-to-point and similar
transport services are required to contribute to various state and federal regulatory funds, including state universal funds and the USF. 

Privacy and Security Regulation 

Federal, state and local laws, regulations and ordinances impose requirements on how the Company handles personally identifiable and other information relating to consumers. Certain of these
requirements are industry specific and regulate TWC because it is a cable operator, a telecommunications provider and the operator of websites and mobile applications. Other requirements apply generally to all companies that hold consumer data or
market to consumers using email or the telephone, including state data breach notification statutes. 

Other Federal Regulatory
Requirements 

Federal law also includes numerous other requirements applicable to some extent, to one or more of
TWC’s services. These provisions apply to customer service, use of credit reports, subscriber privacy, marketing practices, equal employment opportunity, technical standards and equipment compatibility, antenna structure notification, marking,
lighting, emergency alert system requirements, disability access, loudness of commercial advertisements and the collection of annual regulatory fees, which are calculated based on the number of subscribers served, the types of FCC licenses held and
certain interstate revenue thresholds. The FCC also actively regulates other aspects of TWC’s video services, including the mandatory blackout of syndicated, network and sports programming; customer service standards; political advertising;
indecent or obscene programming; Emergency Alert System requirements for analog and digital services; closed captioning and video description requirements for the hearing impaired; commercial restrictions on children’s programming;
recordkeeping and public file access requirements; and technical rules relating to operation of the cable network. 

15 

Table of Contents

Internal Reorganization 

On September 30, 2012, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries completed an internal reorganization to simplify its
organizational structure. As part of this reorganization, on September 30, 2012, Time Warner Entertainment Company, L.P. (“TWE”), a Delaware limited partnership and an indirect 100% owned subsidiary of the Company, merged with and
into Time Warner Cable Enterprises LLC (“TWCE”), a Delaware limited liability company and an indirect 100% owned subsidiary of the Company, with TWCE as the surviving entity. TWE was originally formed by affiliates of Time Warner Inc.
(“Time Warner”) in 1992 to hold its interests in cable systems, cable networks and filmed entertainment. Through a series of restructurings, the non-cable businesses, including the networks and filmed entertainment businesses and
associated liabilities, were transferred to affiliates of Time Warner. 

TWE-A/N Partnership 

Time Warner Entertainment-Advance/Newhouse Partnership (“TWE-A/N”) is a partnership that was formed in 1995 between TWE and
Advance/Newhouse Partnership (“A/N”), a partnership owned by 100% owned subsidiaries of Advance Publications and Newhouse Broadcasting Corporation. In connection with the Company’s September 30, 2012 internal reorganization,
among other things, TWCE acquired TWE’s and Time Warner NY Cable LLC’s (“TW NY Cable”) general and preferred partnership interests in TWE-A/N. The general partnership interests in TWE-A/N are held by TWCE (the “TW
Partner”) and A/N. The TW Partner also holds preferred partnership interests. 

2002 restructuring of
TWE-A/N.  TWE-A/N was restructured in 2002. As a result of this restructuring, cable systems and their related assets and liabilities serving approximately 2.1 million video subscribers as of December 31, 2002 located
primarily in Florida (the “A/N Systems”), were transferred to a 100% owned subsidiary of TWE-A/N (the “A/N Subsidiary”). As part of the restructuring, effective August 1, 2002, A/N’s interest in TWE-A/N was converted
into an interest that tracks the economic performance of the A/N Systems, while the TW Partner retains the economic interests and associated liabilities in the remaining TWE-A/N cable systems. TWE-A/N’s financial results, other than the results
of the A/N Systems, are consolidated with TWC’s. 

Management and operations of TWE-A/N.  Subject to
certain limited exceptions, TWCE is the managing partner, with exclusive management rights of TWE-A/N, other than with respect to the A/N Systems. Also, subject to certain limited exceptions, A/N has authority for the supervision of the day-to-day
operations of the A/N Subsidiary and the A/N Systems. In connection with the 2002 restructuring, TWE entered into a services agreement with A/N and the A/N Subsidiary under which TWE agreed to exercise various management functions,
including oversight of programming and various engineering-related matters. TWE and A/N also agreed to periodically discuss cooperation with respect to new product development. Following the September 30, 2012 internal reorganization, TWCE
performs these functions pursuant to the services agreement. TWC receives a fee for providing the A/N Subsidiary with high-speed data services and the management functions noted above. 

Restrictions on transfer—TW Partner.  The TW Partner is generally permitted to directly or indirectly dispose of
its entire partnership interest at any time to a 100% owned affiliate of TWCE. In addition, the TW Partner is also permitted to transfer its partnership interests through a pledge to secure a loan, or a liquidation of TWCE in which TWC, or its
affiliates, receives a majority of the interests of TWE-A/N held by the TW Partner. TWCE is allowed to issue additional partnership interests in TWCE so long as TWC continues to own, directly or indirectly, either 35% or 43.75% of the residual
equity capital of TWCE, depending on when the issuance occurs. 

Restrictions on transfer—A/N
Partner.  A/N is generally permitted to directly or indirectly transfer its entire partnership interest at any time to certain members of the Newhouse family or specified affiliates of A/N. A/N is also permitted to dispose of its
partnership interest through a pledge to secure a loan and in connection with specified restructurings of A/N. 

Restructuring rights of the partners.  TWCE and A/N each has the right to cause TWE-A/N to be restructured at any time
upon 12 months’ notice. Upon a restructuring, TWE-A/N is required to distribute the A/N Subsidiary with all of the A/N Systems to A/N in complete redemption of A/N’s interests in TWE-A/N, and A/N is required to assume all liabilities
of the A/N Subsidiary and the A/N Systems. To date, neither TWCE nor A/N has delivered notice of the intent to cause a restructuring of TWE-A/N. 

TWCE’s regular right of first offer.  Subject to exceptions, A/N and its affiliates are obligated to grant TWCE a right of first offer prior to any sale of assets of the A/N Systems
to a third party. 

TWCE’s special right of first offer. Within a specified time period following the first,
seventh, thirteenth and nineteenth anniversaries of the deaths of two specified members of the Newhouse family (whose deaths have not yet occurred), A/N has the right to deliver notice to TWCE stating that it wishes to transfer some or all of the
assets of the A/N Systems, thereby 

16 

Table of Contents

granting TWCE the right of first offer to purchase the specified assets. Following delivery of this notice, an appraiser will determine the value of the assets proposed to be transferred. Once
the value of the assets has been determined, A/N has the right to terminate its offer to sell the specified assets. If A/N does not terminate its offer, TWCE will have the right to purchase the specified assets at a price equal to the value of
the specified assets determined by the appraiser. If TWCE does not exercise its right to purchase the specified assets, A/N has the right to sell the specified assets to an unrelated third party within 180 days on substantially the same terms
as were available to TWCE. 

.

Risks Related to Competition 

TWC
faces a wide range of competition, and its business and financial results could be adversely affected if it does not compete effectively. 

TWC’s industry is, and will continue to be, highly competitive. Some of TWC’s principal residential services competitors (telephone companies, in particular) offer services that provide features
and functions comparable to the residential video, high-speed data and/or voice services that TWC offers, and they offer them in bundles similar to TWC’s. In a number of TWC’s operating areas, AT&T and Verizon have upgraded their
networks to carry two-way video, high-speed data with substantial bandwidth and IP-based telephony services, which they market and sell in bundles, in some cases, along with their wireless services. In addition, in some of TWC’s operating
areas, other operators have overbuilt TWC’s systems and offer video, high-speed data and/or voice services in competition with TWC. 

In addition, each of TWC’s residential services faces competition from other companies that provide services on a stand-alone basis. TWC’s residential video service faces competition from DBS
providers that try to distinguish their services from TWC’s by offering aggressive promotional pricing, exclusive programming, and/or assertions of superior service or offerings. Increasingly, TWC’s residential video service also faces
competition from companies that deliver content to consumers over the Internet and on mobile devices, some without charging a fee for access to the content. This trend could negatively impact customer demand for TWC’s residential video service.
TWC’s residential high-speed data and voice services also face competition from wireless Internet and voice providers, and TWC’s residential voice service faces competition from “over-the-top” phone service and other
communication alternatives, including texting, social networking, video conferencing and email. 

TWC also competes across each
of its business data and voice services with ILECs, CLECs and IXCs. TWC’s cell tower backhaul service faces competition from ILECs and CLECs, as well as other carriers, such as metro and regional fiber providers. TWC’s business video
service faces competition from DBS providers. TWC also competes with cloud, hosting and related service providers and application-service providers. 

In advertising, TWC faces intense competition for advertising revenue across many different platforms and from a wide range of local and national competitors. Competition has increased and will likely
continue to increase as new formats for advertising seek to attract the same advertisers. TWC competes for advertising revenue against, among others, local broadcast stations, national cable and broadcast networks, radio, newspapers, magazines and
outdoor advertisers, as well as Internet companies. 

Any inability to compete effectively or an increase in competition could
have an adverse effect on TWC’s financial results and return on capital expenditures due to possible increases in the cost of gaining and retaining subscribers and lower per subscriber revenue, could slow or cause a decline in TWC’s growth
rates, and reduce TWC’s revenue. As TWC expands and introduces new and enhanced services, TWC may be subject to competition from other providers of those services. TWC cannot predict the extent to which this competition will affect its future
business and financial results or return on capital expenditures. 

Future advances in technology, as well as changes in the
marketplace, in the economy and in the regulatory and legislative environments, may result in changes to the competitive landscape. For additional information, see “—Risks Related to Government Regulation,”
“Business—Competition” and “—Regulatory Matters.” 

17 

Table of Contents

TWC faces risks relating to competition for the leisure and entertainment time and discretionary
spending of audiences, which has intensified in part due to advances in technology and changes in consumer expectations and behavior. 

In addition to the various competitive factors discussed above, TWC’s business is subject to risks relating to increasing competition for the leisure and entertainment time and discretionary spending
of consumers. TWC’s business competes with all other sources of entertainment and information delivery. Technological advancements, such as new video formats and Internet streaming and downloading on televisions, computers and mobile devices,
many of which have been beneficial to TWC’s business, have nonetheless increased the number of entertainment and information delivery choices available to consumers and intensified the challenges posed by audience fragmentation. Furthermore,
due to consumer electronics innovations, consumers are more readily able to watch Internet-delivered content on television sets and mobile devices. The increasing number of choices available to audiences, including low-cost or free choices, could
negatively impact not only consumer demand for TWC’s products and services, but also advertisers’ willingness to purchase advertising from TWC. TWC’s failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to new technologies and changes in
consumer expectations and behavior could significantly adversely affect TWC’s competitive position and its business and results of operations. 

Risks Related to TWC’s Operations 

A prolonged economic downturn, especially a
continued downturn in the housing market, may negatively impact TWC’s ability to attract new subscribers and generate increased revenue. 

The U.S. economy has experienced a protracted slowdown, and the future economic environment may continue to be challenging. A continuation or further weakening of these economic conditions could lead to
further reductions in consumer demand for the Company’s services, especially premium and On-Demand services and DVRs, and a continued increase in the number of homes that replace their video service with Internet-delivered and/or over-air
content, which would negatively impact TWC’s ability to attract customers, increase rates and maintain or increase revenue. In addition, providing video services is an established and highly penetrated business. TWC’s ability to gain new
video subscribers is dependent to a large extent on growth in occupied housing in TWC’s service areas, which is influenced by both national and local economic conditions. In the absence of renewed growth in the number of occupied homes in
TWC’s operating areas, TWC’s ability to gain new video subscribers may be negatively impacted. 

TWC’s business is
characterized by rapid technological change, and if TWC does not respond appropriately to technological changes and changes in consumer expectations and behavior, its competitive position may be harmed. 

TWC operates in a highly competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environment. Its success is, to a large extent, dependent on
its ability to acquire, develop, adopt, upgrade and exploit new and existing technologies to address consumers’ changing demands and distinguish its services from those of its competitors. TWC may not be able to accurately predict technological
trends or the success of new products and services. If TWC chooses technologies or equipment that are less effective, cost-efficient or attractive to its customers than those chosen by its competitors, or if TWC offers services that fail to appeal
to consumers, are not available at competitive prices or that do not function as expected, TWC’s competitive position could deteriorate, and TWC’s business and financial results could suffer. 

The ability of TWC’s competitors to introduce new technologies, products and services more quickly than TWC may adversely affect
TWC’s competitive position. Furthermore, advances in technology, decreases in the cost of existing technologies or changes in competitors’ product and service offerings may require TWC in the future to make additional research and
development expenditures or to offer at no additional charge or at a lower price certain products and services TWC currently offers to customers separately or at a premium. In addition, the uncertainty of the Company’s ability and the costs to
obtain intellectual property rights from third parties could impact TWC’s ability to respond to technological advances in a timely and effective manner. 

Regulation may limit TWC’s ability to make required investments or adopt business models that are needed to continue to provide robust high-speed data service. 

The rising popularity of bandwidth-intensive Internet-based services has increased the demand for and usage of TWC’s high-speed data
service. Examples of such services include the delivery of video via streaming technology and by download, peer-to-peer file sharing services and gaming services. As demand continues to grow, TWC will need flexibility to develop pricing and business
models that will allow it to respond to such changing consumer uses and demands and, if necessary, to invest more capital than currently expected to increase the bandwidth capacity of its systems. TWC’s ability to do these

18 

Table of Contents

things could be restricted by legislative or regulatory efforts to impose so-called “net neutrality” requirements on cable operators or by how existing net neutrality rules may be
interpreted and enforced in the future. See “—Risks Related to Government Regulation—‘Net neutrality’ legislation or regulation could limit TWC’s ability to operate its business profitably and to manage its broadband
facilities efficiently.” 

TWC relies on network and information systems and other technology, and a disruption or failure of such
networks, systems or technology as a result of computer viruses, “cyber attacks,” misappropriation of data or other malfeasance, as well as outages, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, accidental releases of information or similar
events, may disrupt TWC’s business. 

Because network and information systems and other technologies are critical
to TWC’s operating activities, network or information system shutdowns or other service disruptions caused by events such as computer hacking, dissemination of computer viruses, worms and other destructive or disruptive software, “cyber
attacks,” process breakdowns, denial of service attacks and other malicious activity pose increasing risks. Both unsuccessful and successful “cyber attacks” on companies have continued to increase in frequency, scope and potential
harm in recent years and, because the techniques used in such attacks have become more sophisticated and change frequently, TWC may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. TWC’s network and
information systems are also vulnerable to damage or interruption from power outages, natural disasters, terrorist attacks and similar events. Any of these events could have an adverse impact on TWC and its customers, including degradation of
service, service disruption, excessive call volume to call centers and damage to TWC’s plant, equipment, data and reputation. Such an event also could result in large expenditures necessary to repair or replace such networks or information
systems or to protect them from similar events in the future. Significant incidents could result in a disruption of TWC’s operations, customer dissatisfaction, or a loss of customers or revenue. While from time to time attempts are made to
access TWC’s network, these attempts have not resulted in any material degradation or disruption to the Company’s network and information systems. 

Furthermore, TWC’s operating activities could be subject to risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or accidental release or loss of information maintained in the information
technology systems and networks of TWC and third-party vendors, including customer, personnel and vendor data. As a result of the increasing awareness concerning the importance of safeguarding personal information, the potential misuse of such
information and legislation that has been adopted or is being considered regarding the protection, privacy and security of personal information, information-related risks are increasing, particularly for businesses like TWC’s that handle a
large amount of personal customer data. TWC could be exposed to significant costs if such risks were to materialize, and such events could damage the reputation and credibility of TWC and its business and have a negative impact on its revenue. TWC
also could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to remedy any such security breach. 

TWC’s business may be
adversely affected if TWC cannot continue to license or enforce the intellectual property rights on which its business depends. 

TWC relies on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws and licenses and other agreements with its employees, customers, suppliers and other parties to establish and maintain its intellectual
property rights in technology and the products and services used in TWC’s operations. However, any of TWC’s intellectual property rights could be challenged or invalidated, or such intellectual property rights may not be sufficient to
permit TWC to take advantage of current industry trends or otherwise to provide competitive advantages, which could result in costly redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain product or service offerings or other competitive harm. Claims of
intellectual property infringement could require TWC to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property
in question, which could require TWC to change its business practices or offerings and limit its ability to compete effectively. Even claims without merit can be time-consuming and costly to defend and may divert management’s attention and
resources away from TWC’s businesses. In recent years, the number of intellectual property infringement claims has been increasing in the communications and entertainment industries, and, with increasing frequency, TWC is party to litigation
alleging that certain of its services or technologies infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Also, because of the rapid pace of technological change, TWC relies on technologies developed or licensed by third parties, and TWC may not be
able to obtain or continue to obtain licenses from these third parties on reasonable terms, if at all. 

19 

Table of Contents

The accounting treatment of goodwill and other identified intangibles could result in future asset
impairments, which would be recorded as operating losses. 

Authoritative guidance issued by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (“FASB”) requires that goodwill, including the goodwill included in the carrying value of investments accounted for using the equity method of accounting, and other intangible assets deemed to have indefinite useful lives,
such as cable franchise rights, cease to be amortized. The guidance requires that goodwill and certain intangible assets be tested annually for impairment or upon the occurrence of a triggering event. Under the accounting rules, the Company may
elect to perform a qualitative assessment to determine if an impairment is more likely than not to have occurred. If an impairment is more likely than not to have occurred, a quantitative assessment is required. If the quantitative assessment
determines that the carrying value of goodwill or a certain intangible asset exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment charge is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. Any such impairment is required to be recorded as a noncash
operating loss. 

TWC’s 2012 annual impairment analysis, which was a qualitative assessment performed as of July 1,
2012, did not result in any goodwill or cable franchise rights impairment charges. However, it is possible that impairment charges may be recorded in the future to reflect potential declines in fair value. See “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates—Fair Value Estimates—Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets and Goodwill.” 

TWC has incurred substantial debt, which may limit its flexibility and prevent it from taking advantage of business opportunities. 

As of December 31, 2012, TWC had $23.535 billion of net debt and mandatorily redeemable preferred equity. This level of indebtedness
may limit TWC’s ability to respond to market conditions, provide for capital investment needs or take advantage of business opportunities. In addition, TWC’s borrowing costs may be affected by debt ratings assigned by independent ratings
agencies that are based, in significant part, on TWC’s leverage and its performance as measured by customary credit metrics. A decrease in these ratings would likely increase TWC’s cost of borrowing and make it more difficult for TWC to
obtain financing. 

Risks Related to Dependence on Third Parties 

Increases in programming and retransmission costs or the inability to obtain popular programming could adversely affect TWC’s operations, business or financial results. 

Video programming and retransmission costs represent a major component of TWC’s expenses and are expected to continue to do so
primarily due to the increasing cost of obtaining desirable programming, particularly broadcast and sports programming. TWC’s video programming costs as a percentage of video revenue have increased over recent years and will continue to
increase over the next coming years as cable programming and broadcast station retransmission consent cost increases outpace growth in video revenue. Furthermore, providers of desirable content may be unwilling to enter into distribution
arrangements with TWC on acceptable terms and owners of non-broadcast video programming content may enter into exclusive distribution arrangements with TWC’s competitors. TWC’s failure to carry programming that is attractive to TWC’s
subscribers could adversely impact revenue. 

TWC may not be able to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support.

TWC depends on third-party suppliers and licensors to supply some of the hardware, software and operational support
necessary to provide some of TWC’s services. Some of these vendors represent TWC’s sole source of supply or have, either through contract or as a result of intellectual property rights, a position of some exclusivity. If demand exceeds
these vendors’ capacity, they experience operating or financial difficulties, they significantly increase the amount TWC pays for necessary products or services, or they cease production of any necessary product due to lack of demand,
profitability, being acquired by another company or otherwise, TWC’s ability to provide some services may be materially adversely affected. Any of these events could materially and adversely affect TWC’s ability to retain and attract
subscribers and have a material negative impact on TWC’s operations, business, financial results and financial condition. 

20 

Table of Contents

Risks Related to Government Regulation 

TWC’s business is subject to extensive governmental regulation, which could adversely affect its operations. 

TWC’s video and voice services are subject to extensive regulation at the federal, state and local levels. In addition, the federal government has extended regulation to high-speed data services. TWC
is also subject to regulation of its video services relating to rates, equipment, technologies, programming, levels and types of services, taxes and other charges. Modification to existing regulations or the imposition of new regulations could have
an adverse impact on TWC’s services. TWC expects that legislative enactments, court actions and regulatory proceedings will continue to clarify and, in some cases, change the rights of cable companies and other entities providing video,
high-speed data and voice services under the Communications Act and other laws, possibly in ways that TWC has not foreseen. The results of these legislative, judicial and administrative actions may materially affect TWC’s business operations.

Changes in broadcast carriage regulations could impose significant additional costs on TWC. 

Although TWC would likely choose to carry the majority of primary feeds of full power stations voluntarily, so-called “must
carry” rules require TWC to carry some local broadcast television signals on some of its cable systems that it might not otherwise carry. If the FCC seeks to revise or expand the “must carry” rules, such as to require carriage of
multicast streams, TWC would be forced to carry video programming that it would not otherwise carry and potentially drop other, more popular programming in order to free capacity for the required programming, which could make TWC less competitive.
Moreover, if the FCC adopts rules that are not competitively neutral, cable operators could be placed at a disadvantage versus other multi-channel video providers. 

Under the program carriage rules, TWC could be compelled to carry programming services that it would not otherwise carry. 

The Communications Act and the FCC’s “program carriage” rules restrict cable operators and MVPDs from unreasonably
restraining the ability of an unaffiliated programming vendor to compete fairly by discriminating against the programming vendor on the basis of its non-affiliation in the selection, terms or conditions for carriage. In August 2011, the FCC issued a
program carriage order and further notice of proposed rulemaking, which TWC and the NCTA appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Under a successful program carriage complaint, TWC might be compelled to carry programming
services it would not otherwise carry and/or to do so on economic and other terms that it would not accept absent such compulsion. See “Business—Regulatory Matters—Video Services—Program carriage.” Compelled government
carriage could reduce TWC’s ability to carry other, more desirable programming and non-video services, decrease its ability to manage its bandwidth efficiently and increase TWC’s costs, adversely affecting TWC’s competitive position.

“Net neutrality” legislation or regulation could limit TWC’s ability to operate its business profitably and to manage
its broadband facilities efficiently. 

The FCC’s rules under its Open Internet Order imposing net neutrality
obligations on broadband Internet access providers are based on principles of transparency, no blocking and no unreasonable discrimination and are applicable to fixed and wireless broadband Internet access providers to different extents. Under these
new rules, fixed and wireless broadband Internet access providers, including TWC, are required to make their practices transparent to both consumers and providers of Internet content, services, applications and devices on both the website and at the
point-of-sale. In addition, subject to “reasonable network management,” fixed broadband Internet access providers, including TWC, are prohibited from blocking lawful content, applications, services and non-harmful devices, and from
engaging in unreasonable discrimination in transmitting lawful traffic. 

In order to continue to provide quality high-speed
data service at attractive prices and to offer new services, TWC needs the continued flexibility to develop and refine business models that respond to changing consumer uses and demands, to manage bandwidth usage efficiently and to continue to
invest in its systems. It remains unclear how the FCC’s net neutrality regulations will be implemented and how “reasonable network management” will be determined. These regulations could adversely impact TWC’s ability to operate
its high-speed data network profitably and to undertake the upgrades and put into operation management practices that may be needed to continue to provide high quality high-speed data services and new services and could negatively impact its ability
to compete effectively. For a description of the obligations that became effective in 2011, see “Business—Regulatory Matters—High-speed Internet Access Services—‘Net neutrality’ legislative proposals and
regulations.” 

21 

Table of Contents

Rate regulation could materially adversely impact TWC’s operations, business, financial results
or financial condition. 

Under current FCC regulations, rates for BST video service and associated equipment are
permitted to be regulated. In approximately 70% of the communities it serves, TWC is not subject to BST video rate regulation, either because the local franchising authority has not asked the FCC for permission to regulate rates or because the FCC
has found that there is “effective competition.” Also, there is currently no rate regulation for TWC’s other services, including high-speed data and voice services. It is possible, however, that the FCC or Congress will adopt more
extensive rate regulation for TWC’s video services or regulate the rates of other services, such as high-speed data and voice services, which could impede TWC’s ability to raise rates, or require rate reductions, and therefore could cause
TWC’s business, financial results or financial condition to suffer. 

TWC may encounter substantially increased pole attachment
costs. 

Under federal law, TWC has the right to attach cables carrying video and other services to telephone and
similar poles of investor-owned utilities at regulated rates. However, because these cables may carry services other than video services, such as high-speed data services or new forms of voice services, some utility pole owners have sought to impose
additional fees for pole attachment. Effective in June 2011, the FCC adopted an Order that revised the formula for calculating the telecommunications attachment rate to lower it and bring it as close as possible to the video rate. Many utilities
seek to impose the telecommunications rate on TWC when it carries services other than video services over its attachments. This Order is subject to Petitions for Reconsideration at the FCC and to judicial appeal before the U.S. Circuit Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia. Moreover, the appropriate method for calculating pole attachment rates for cable operators that provide VoIP services remains unclear, and an August 2009 petition from a coalition of electric utility companies
asking the FCC to declare that the pole attachment rate for cable companies’ digital telephone service should be assessed at the telecommunications service rate is still pending. 

Some of the poles TWC uses are exempt from federal regulation because they are owned by utility cooperatives and municipal entities.
These entities may not renew TWC’s existing agreements when they expire, and they may require TWC to pay substantially increased fees. A number of these entities are currently seeking to impose substantial rate increases. Any increase in
TWC’s pole attachment rates or inability to secure continued pole attachment agreements with these cooperatives or municipal utilities on commercially reasonable terms could cause TWC’s business, financial results or financial condition to
suffer. 

The IRS (as defined below) and state and local tax authorities may challenge the tax characterizations of the Adelphia
Acquisition, the Redemptions and the Exchange (each as defined below), or TWC’s related valuations, and any successful challenge by the IRS or state or local tax authorities could materially adversely affect TWC’s tax profile,
significantly increase TWC’s future cash tax payments and significantly reduce TWC’s future earnings and cash flow. 

The 2006 acquisition by TW NY Cable and Comcast of assets comprising in aggregate substantially all of the cable assets of Adelphia Communications Corporation (the “Adelphia Acquisition”) was
designed to be a fully taxable asset sale, the redemption by TWC of Comcast’s interests in TWC (the “TWC Redemption”) was designed to qualify as a tax-free split-off under section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the “Tax Code”), the redemption by TWE of Comcast’s interests in TWE (the “TWE Redemption” and collectively with the TWC Redemption, the “Redemptions”) was designed as a redemption of Comcast’s
partnership interest in TWE, and the exchange between TW NY Cable and Comcast immediately after the Adelphia Acquisition (the “Exchange”) was designed as an exchange of designated cable systems. There can be no assurance, however, that the
Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) or state or local tax authorities (collectively with the IRS, the “Tax Authorities”) will not challenge one or more of such characterizations or TWC’s related valuations. Such a
successful challenge by the Tax Authorities could materially adversely affect TWC’s tax profile (including TWC’s ability to recognize the intended tax benefits from these transactions), significantly increase TWC’s future cash tax
payments and significantly reduce TWC’s future earnings and cash flow. The tax consequences of the Adelphia Acquisition, the Redemptions and the Exchange are complex and, in many cases, subject to significant uncertainties, including, but not
limited to, uncertainties regarding the application of federal, state and local income tax laws to various transactions and events contemplated therein and regarding matters relating to valuation. 

22 

Table of Contents

If the Separation Transactions (as defined below), including the Distribution (as defined below), do
not qualify as tax-free, either as a result of actions taken or not taken by TWC or as a result of the failure of certain representations by TWC to be true, TWC has agreed to indemnify Time Warner for its taxes resulting from such disqualification,
which would be significant. 

As part of TWC’s separation from Time Warner in March 2009 (the
“Separation”), Time Warner received a private letter ruling from the IRS, and Time Warner and TWC received opinions of tax counsel confirming that the transactions undertaken in connection with the Separation, including the transfer by a
subsidiary of Time Warner of its 12.43% non-voting common stock interest in TW NY Cable Holding Inc. to TWC in exchange for 80 million newly issued shares of TWC’s Class A common stock, TWC’s payment of a special cash dividend to
holders TWC’s outstanding Class A and Class B common stock, the conversion of each share of TWC’s outstanding Class A and Class B common stock into one share of TWC common stock, and the pro-rata dividend of all shares
of TWC common stock held by Time Warner to holders of record of Time Warner’s common stock (the “Distribution” and, together with all of the transactions, the “Separation Transactions”), should generally qualify as tax-free
to Time Warner and its stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The ruling and opinions rely on certain facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings from Time Warner and TWC regarding the past and future conduct of the
companies’ businesses and other matters. If any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or not otherwise satisfied, Time Warner and its stockholders may not be able to rely on the ruling or the opinions and
could be subject to significant tax liabilities. Notwithstanding the private letter ruling and opinions, the IRS could determine on audit that the Separation Transactions should be treated as taxable transactions if it determines that any of these
facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated, or for other reasons, including as a result of significant changes in the stock ownership of Time Warner or TWC after the Distribution. 

Under the tax sharing agreement among Time Warner and TWC, TWC generally would be required to indemnify Time Warner against its taxes
resulting from the failure of any of the Separation Transactions to qualify as tax-free as a result of (i) certain actions or failures to act by TWC or (ii) the failure of certain representations made by TWC to be true. In addition, even
if TWC bears no contractual responsibility for taxes related to a failure of the Separation Transactions to qualify for their intended tax treatment, Treasury regulation section 1.1502-6 imposes on TWC several liability for all Time Warner
federal income tax obligations relating to the period during which TWC was a member of the Time Warner federal consolidated tax group, including the date of the Separation Transactions. Similar provisions may apply under foreign, state or local law.
Absent TWC causing the Separation Transactions to not qualify as tax-free, Time Warner has indemnified TWC against such several liability arising from a failure of the Separation Transactions to qualify for their intended tax treatment. 

Tax legislation and administrative initiatives or challenges to the Company’s tax positions could adversely affect the Company’s results
of operations and financial condition. 

TWC operates in locations throughout the U.S. and, as a result, it is subject
to the tax laws and regulations of the U.S. federal, state and local governments. From time to time, various legislative and/or administrative initiatives may be proposed that could adversely affect the Company’s tax positions. There can
be no assurance that the Company’s effective tax rate or tax payments will not be adversely affected by these initiatives. As a result of state and local budget shortfalls due primarily to the economic environment as well as other
considerations, certain states and localities have imposed or are considering imposing new or additional taxes or fees on TWC’s services or changing the methodologies or base on which certain fees and taxes are computed. Such potential changes
include additional taxes or fees on TWC’s services that could impact its customers, combined reporting and other changes to general business taxes, central/unit-level assessment of property taxes and other matters that could increase TWC’s
income, franchise, sales, use and/or property tax liabilities. In addition, U.S. federal, state and local tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. There can be no assurance that TWC’s tax
positions will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or that TWC would be successful in any such challenge. 

Applicable law is
subject to change. 

The exact requirements of applicable law are not always clear, and the rules affecting TWC’s
businesses are always subject to change. For example, the FCC may interpret its rules and regulations in enforcement proceedings in a manner that is inconsistent with the judgments TWC has made. Likewise, regulators and legislators at all levels of
government may sometimes change existing rules or establish new rules. Congress, for example, considers new legislative requirements for cable operators virtually every year, and there is always a risk that such proposals will ultimately be enacted.
In addition, federal, state or local governments and/or tax authorities may change tax laws, regulations or administrative practices that could negatively impact TWC’s operating results and financial condition. See
“Business—Regulatory Matters.” 

23 

Table of Contents