.

 Risks
 Related to Competition

 TWC
 faces a wide range of competition, which could negatively affect
 its business and financial results.

 TWC’s industry is, and will continue to be, highly
 competitive. Some of TWC’s principal competitors, incumbent
 local telephone companies, in particular, offer services that
 provide features and functions comparable to the video,
 high-speed data
 and/or voice
 services that TWC offers, and they offer them in bundles similar
 to TWC’s. In a significant number of TWC’s operating
 areas, AT&T and Verizon have upgraded their networks to
 carry two-way video, high-speed data with substantial bandwidth
 and 
IP-based
 telephony services, which they market and sell in bundles, in
 some cases, along with their wireless services.

 In addition, each of TWC’s services faces competition from
 other companies that provide services on a stand-alone basis.
 TWC’s video service faces competition from DBS providers
 that try to distinguish their services from TWC’s by
 offering aggressive promotional pricing, exclusive programming,
 and/or
 assertions of superior service or offerings. Increasingly,
 TWC’s video service also faces competition from companies
 that deliver content to consumers over the Internet and on
 mobile devices, some without charging a fee for access to the
 content. This trend could negatively impact customer demand for
 TWC’s video service, especially premium and On-Demand
 services, and could encourage content owners to seek higher
 license fees from TWC in order to subsidize their free
 distribution of content. TWC also faces competition in
 high-speed data service from wireless data providers, and in
 voice service from wireline, wireless and

“over-the-top”
 phone providers, especially as an increasing number of homes in
 the United States replace their wireline telephone service with
 wireless or

“over-the-top”
 service.

 Any inability to compete effectively or an increase in
 competition could have an adverse effect on TWC’s financial
 results and return on capital expenditures due to possible
 increases in the cost of gaining and retaining subscribers and
 lower per subscriber revenue, could slow or cause a decline in
 TWC’s growth rates, and reduce TWC’s revenues. As TWC
 expands and introduces new and enhanced services, TWC may be
 subject to competition from other providers of those services.
 TWC cannot predict the extent to which this competition will
 affect its future business and financial results or return on
 capital expenditures.

 Future advances in technology, as well as changes in the
 marketplace, in the economy and in the regulatory and
 legislative environments, may result in changes to the
 competitive landscape. For additional information, see
 “—Risks Related to Government Regulation,”
 “Business—Competition” and “—Regulatory
 Matters.”

 TWC
 faces risks relating to competition for the leisure and
 entertainment time of audiences, which has intensified in part
 due to advances in technology.

 In addition to the various competitive factors discussed above,
 TWC’s business is subject to risks relating to increasing
 competition for the leisure and entertainment time of consumers.
 TWC’s business competes with all other sources of
 entertainment and information delivery. Technological
 advancements, such as VOD, new video formats, and Internet
 streaming and downloading, many of which have been beneficial to
 TWC’s business, have nonetheless increased the number of
 entertainment and information delivery choices available to
 consumers and intensified the challenges posed by audience
 fragmentation. Increasingly, content owners are delivering their
 content directly to consumers over the Internet, often without
 charging any fee for access to the content. Furthermore, due to
 consumer electronics innovations, consumers are more readily
 able to watch such Internet-delivered content on television sets
 and mobile devices. The increasing number of choices available
 to audiences could negatively impact not only consumer demand
 for TWC’s products and services, but also advertisers’
 willingness to purchase advertising from TWC. If TWC does not
 respond appropriately to the increasing leisure and
 entertainment choices available to consumers, TWC’s
 competitive position could deteriorate, and TWC’s financial
 results could suffer.

 TWC’s
 competitive position and business and financial results could
 suffer if consumers replace TWC’s traditional high-speed
 data or voice services with wireless data or voice services or
 if TWC does not develop compelling wireless
 offerings.

 TWC believes that broadband cable networks currently provide the
 most efficient means to deliver its services, but consumers are
 increasingly interested in accessing information, entertainment
 and communication services outside the

 20

Table of Contents

 home as well. TWC faces competition in its high-speed data
 service from a number of wireless data providers. If a
 significant number of consumers chose to replace the
 Company’s high-speed data service with wireless broadband,
 TWC’s business and financial results could suffer.

 In order to provide its customers with high-speed data services
 both inside and outside the home, during the fourth quarter of
 2009, TWC launched a wireless mobile broadband Internet access
 service in several cities utilizing Clearwire’s mobile
 broadband network with service pursuant to a wholesale agreement
 with Clearwire. As of December 31, 2010, TWC had 13,000
 wireless mobile broadband subscribers. Clearwire’s network
 is currently available in a limited number of cities and there
 can be no assurance that Clearwire will successfully finance,
 construct and deploy a nationwide mobile broadband network. In
 its Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q
 for the quarter ended September 30, 2010, Clearwire
 disclosed that it may not be able to continue to operate as a
 going concern. Subsequently, in December 2010, Clearwire raised
 $1.404 billion in a private placement of debt securities.
 There can be no assurance that Clearwire will be able to obtain
 sufficient financing in the future to continue its business, and
 it is possible that the Company may record an impairment charge
 on its investment in Clearwire Communications in the future.

 TWC does not offer wireless voice products although some of its
 wireline competitors and their affiliates do offer such
 products. If a significant number of consumers chose to replace
 the Company’s voice service with wireless service,
 TWC’s business and financial results could suffer. TWC may
 determine that it needs to offer a wireless voice product to
 remain competitive. If TWC incurs significant costs in
 developing or marketing wireless mobile voice
 and/or
 broadband offerings, and the resulting offerings are not
 competitive with the offerings of TWC’s competitors or
 appealing to TWC’s customers, TWC’s growth, business
 and financial results may be adversely affected.

 Risks
 Related to TWC’s Operations

 A
 prolonged economic downturn, especially a continued downturn in
 the housing market, may negatively impact TWC’s ability to
 attract new subscribers and generate increased subscription
 revenues.

 The United States economy has experienced a protracted slowdown,
 and the future economic environment may continue to be
 challenging. A continuation or further weakening of these
 economic conditions could lead to further reductions in consumer
 demand for the Company’s services, especially premium
 services and DVRs, and a continued increase in the number of
 homes that replace their wireline telephone service with
 wireless service and their video service with Internet-delivered
 and/or
 over-air content, which would negatively impact TWC’s
 ability to attract customers, increase rates and maintain or
 increase subscription revenues. In addition, providing video
 services is an established and highly penetrated business.
 TWC’s ability to achieve incremental growth in video
 subscribers is dependent to a large extent on growth in occupied
 housing in TWC’s service areas, which is influenced by both
 national and local economic conditions. If the number of
 occupied homes in TWC’s operating areas continues to
 decline

and/or the
 number of home foreclosures significantly increases, it may
 negatively impact TWC’s ability to gain new video
 subscribers.

 TWC’s
 business is characterized by rapid technological change, and if
 TWC does not respond appropriately to technological changes, its
 competitive position may be harmed.

 TWC operates in a highly competitive, consumer-driven and
 rapidly changing environment and its success is, to a large
 extent, dependent on its ability to acquire, develop, adopt and
 exploit new and existing technologies to distinguish its
 services from those of its competitors. If TWC chooses
 technologies or equipment that are less effective,
 cost-efficient or attractive to its customers than those chosen
 by its competitors, or if TWC offers services that fail to
 appeal to consumers, are not available at competitive prices or
 that do not function as expected, TWC’s competitive
 position could deteriorate, and TWC’s business and
 financial results could suffer.

 The ability of TWC’s competitors to acquire or develop and
 introduce new technologies, products and services more quickly
 than TWC may adversely affect TWC’s competitive position.
 Furthermore, advances in technology, decreases in the cost of
 existing technologies or changes in competitors’ product
 and service offerings also may require TWC in the future to make
 additional research and development expenditures or to offer at
 no additional charge or at a lower price certain products and
 services TWC currently offers to customers separately or at a
 premium. In addition, the uncertainty of the costs for obtaining
 intellectual property rights from third parties could impact
 TWC’s ability to respond to technological advances in a
 timely manner.

 21

Table of Contents

 Regulation
 may limit TWC’s ability to make required investments or
 adopt business models that are needed to continue to provide
 robust high-speed data service.

 The rising popularity of bandwidth-intensive Internet-based
 services increases the demand for and usage of TWC’s
 high-speed data service. Examples of such services include the
 delivery of video via streaming technology and by download,
 peer-to-peer
 file sharing services and gaming services. TWC will need
 flexibility to develop pricing and business models that will
 allow it to respond to such changing consumer uses and demands
 and, if necessary, to invest more capital than currently
 expected to increase the bandwidth capacity of its systems.
 TWC’s ability to do these things could be restricted by
 legislative or regulatory efforts to impose so-called “net
 neutrality” requirements on cable operators. See
 “—Risks Related to Government
 Regulation—‘Net neutrality’ legislation or
 regulation could limit TWC’s ability to operate its
 high-speed data business profitably and to manage its broadband
 facilities efficiently.”

 TWC
 relies on network and information systems and other technology,
 and a disruption or failure of such networks, systems or
 technology as a result of computer viruses, “cyber
 attacks,” misappropriation of data or other malfeasance, as
 well as outages, natural disasters, accidental releases of
 information or similar events, may disrupt TWC’s
 business.

 Because network and information systems and other technologies
 are critical to TWC’s operating activities, network or
 information system shutdowns caused by events such as computer
 hacking, dissemination of computer viruses, worms and other
 destructive or disruptive software, “cyber attacks”
 and other malicious activity, as well as power outages, natural
 disasters, terrorist attacks and similar events, pose increasing
 risks. Such an event could have an adverse impact on TWC and its
 customers, including degradation of service, service disruption,
 excessive call volume to call centers and damage to TWC’s
 plant, equipment and data. Such an event also could result in
 large expenditures necessary to repair or replace such networks
 or information systems or to protect them from similar events in
 the future. Significant incidents could result in a disruption
 of TWC’s operations, customer dissatisfaction, or a loss of
 customers or revenues.

 Furthermore, TWC’s operating activities could be subject to
 risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification
 and accidental release or loss of information maintained in
 TWC’s information technology systems and networks,
 including customer, personnel and vendor data. TWC could be
 exposed to significant costs if such risks were to materialize,
 and such events could damage the reputation and credibility of
 TWC and its business and have a negative impact on its revenues.
 TWC also could be required to expend significant capital and
 other resources to remedy any such security breach. As a result
 of the increasing awareness concerning the importance of
 safeguarding personal information, the potential misuse of such
 information and legislation that has been adopted or is being
 considered regarding the protection, privacy and security of
 personal information, information-related risks are increasing,
 particularly for businesses like TWC’s that handle a large
 amount of personal customer data.

 TWC’s
 business may be adversely affected if TWC cannot continue to
 license or enforce the intellectual property rights on which its
 business depends.

 TWC relies on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws
 and licenses and other agreements with its employees, customers,
 suppliers and other parties, to establish and maintain its
 intellectual property rights in technology and the products and
 services used in TWC’s operations. However, any of
 TWC’s intellectual property rights could be challenged or
 invalidated, or such intellectual property rights may not be
 sufficient to permit TWC to take advantage of current industry
 trends or otherwise to provide competitive advantages, which
 could result in costly redesign efforts, discontinuance of
 certain product or service offerings or other competitive harm.
 Claims of intellectual property infringement could require TWC
 to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable
 terms, incur substantial monetary liability or be enjoined
 preliminarily or permanently from further use of the
 intellectual property in question, which could require TWC to
 change its business practices or offerings and limit its ability
 to compete effectively. Even claims without merit can be
 time-consuming and costly to defend and may divert
 management’s attention and resources away from TWC’s
 businesses. Also, because of the rapid pace of technological
 change, TWC relies on technologies developed or licensed by
 third parties, and TWC may not be able to obtain or continue to
 obtain licenses from these third parties on reasonable terms, if
 at all.

 22

Table of Contents

 TWC is
 party to agreements with Time Warner and an affiliate of Time
 Warner governing the use of “Time Warner Cable” and
 “Road Runner” that may be terminated if TWC fails to
 perform its obligations under those agreements or if TWC
 undergoes a specified change of control.

 TWC licenses “Time Warner Cable” and “Road
 Runner” from Time Warner Inc. (“Time Warner”) and
 an affiliate of Time Warner, respectively. These license
 agreements may be terminated by Time Warner or its affiliate if
 TWC commits a significant breach of its obligations under such
 agreements, undergoes a specified change of control, or
 materially fails to maintain the quality standards established
 for the use of these trademarks and the products and services
 related to these trademarks.

 If Time Warner or its affiliate terminates these brand name
 license agreements, TWC would lose the goodwill associated with
 its brand names and be forced to develop new brand names, which
 would likely require substantial expenditures, and TWC’s
 business, financial results or financial condition could be
 materially adversely affected.

 The
 accounting treatment of goodwill and other identified
 intangibles could result in future asset impairments, which
 would be recorded as operating losses.

 Authoritative guidance issued by the Financial Accounting
 Standards Board (“FASB”) requires that goodwill,
 including the goodwill included in the carrying value of
 investments accounted for using the equity method of accounting,
 and other intangible assets deemed to have indefinite useful
 lives, such as cable franchise rights, cease to be amortized.
 The guidance requires that goodwill and certain intangible
 assets be tested annually for impairment or earlier upon the
 occurrence of certain events or substantive changes in
 circumstances. If TWC finds that the carrying value of goodwill
 or a certain intangible asset exceeds its estimated fair value,
 it will reduce the carrying value of the goodwill or intangible
 asset to the estimated fair value, and TWC will recognize an
 impairment. Any such impairment is required to be recorded as a
 noncash operating loss.

 TWC’s 2010 annual impairment analysis, which was performed
 as of July 1, 2010, did not result in any goodwill or cable
 franchise rights impairment charges. However, it is possible
 that impairment charges may be recorded in the future to reflect
 potential declines in fair value. See “Management’s
 Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial
 Condition—Critical Accounting Policies and
 Estimates—Asset Impairments—Indefinite-lived
 Intangible Assets and Goodwill” and “—Long-lived
 Assets.”

 TWC
 has incurred substantial debt, which may limit its flexibility
 and prevent it from taking advantage of business
 opportunities.

 As of December 31, 2010, TWC had $20.374 billion of
 net debt and mandatorily redeemable preferred equity. This level
 of indebtedness may limit TWC’s ability to respond to
 market conditions, provide for capital investment needs or take
 advantage of business opportunities.

 Risks
 Related to Dependence on Third Parties

 Increases
 in programming and retransmission costs or the inability to
 obtain popular programming could adversely affect TWC’s
 operations, business or financial results.

 Video programming costs represent a major component of
 TWC’s expenses and are expected to continue to do so
 primarily due to the increasing cost of obtaining desirable
 programming, particularly broadcast and sports programming.
 TWC’s video programming costs as a percentage of video
 revenues have increased over recent years and will continue to
 increase over the next coming years as cable programming and
 broadcast station retransmission consent cost increases outpace
 growth in video revenues. Furthermore, providers of desirable
 content may be unwilling to enter into distribution arrangements
 with TWC on acceptable terms and owners of non-broadcast video
 programming content may enter into exclusive distribution
 arrangements with TWC’s competitors. A failure to carry
 programming that is attractive to TWC’s subscribers could
 adversely impact subscription and advertising revenues.

 TWC
 may not be able to obtain necessary hardware, software and
 operational support.

 TWC depends on third party suppliers and licensors to supply
 some of the hardware, software and operational support necessary
 to provide some of TWC’s services. Some of these vendors
 represent TWC’s sole source of supply or

 23

Table of Contents

 have, either through contract or as a result of intellectual
 property rights, a position of some exclusivity. If demand
 exceeds these vendors’ capacity, they experience operating
 or financial difficulties, they significantly increase the
 amount TWC pays for necessary products or services, or they
 cease production of any necessary product due to lack of demand,
 TWC’s ability to provide some services may be materially
 adversely affected. Any of these events could materially and
 adversely affect TWC’s ability to retain and attract
 subscribers, and have a material negative impact on TWC’s
 operations, business, financial results and financial condition.

 TWC has multi-year agreements with Sprint under which it
 provides certain functions and services necessary to TWC in
 providing Digital Phone service to customers by routing voice
 traffic to and from destinations outside of TWC’s network
 via the public switched telephone network, delivering E911,
 operator and directory assistance service and assisting in order
 processing, local number portability and long-distance traffic
 carriage. In the fourth quarter of 2010, TWC began replacing
 Sprint as the provider of these services. However, the migration
 will not be complete until the first quarter of 2014, during
 which time TWC’s reliance on Sprint for these services may
 render TWC vulnerable to service disruptions and other
 operational difficulties, which could have an adverse effect on
 TWC’s business and financial results.

 Risks
 Related to Government Regulation

 TWC’s
 business is subject to extensive governmental regulation, which
 could adversely affect its business.

 TWC’s video and voice services are subject to extensive
 regulation at the federal, state and local levels. In addition,
 the federal government has extended some regulation to
 high-speed data services. TWC is also subject to regulation of
 its video services relating to rates, equipment, technologies,
 programming, levels and types of services, taxes and other
 charges. Modification to existing regulations or the imposition
 of new regulations could have an adverse impact on TWC’s
 services. TWC expects that legislative enactments, court
 actions, and regulatory proceedings will continue to clarify
 and, in some cases, change the rights of cable companies and
 other entities providing video, high-speed data and voice
 services under the Communications Act and other laws, possibly
 in ways that TWC has not foreseen. The results of these
 legislative, judicial and administrative actions may materially
 affect TWC’s business operations.

 Changes
 in broadcast carriage regulations could impose significant
 additional costs on TWC.

 Although TWC would likely choose to carry the majority of
 primary feeds of full power stations voluntarily,
 so-called
 “must carry” rules require TWC to carry some local
 broadcast television signals on some of its cable systems that
 it might not otherwise carry. If the FCC seeks to revise or
 expand the “must carry” rules, such as to require
 carriage of multicast streams, TWC would be forced to carry
 video programming that it would not otherwise carry and
 potentially drop other, more popular programming in order to
 free capacity for the required programming, which could make TWC
 less competitive. Moreover, if the FCC adopts rules that are not
 competitively neutral, cable operators could be placed at a
 disadvantage versus other multi-channel video providers.

 Under
 the program carriage rules, TWC could be compelled to carry
 programming services that it would not otherwise
 carry.

 The Communications Act and the FCC’s “program
 carriage” rules restrict cable operators and MVPDs from
 unreasonably restraining the ability of an unaffiliated
 programming vendor to compete fairly by discriminating against
 the programming vendor on the basis of its non-affiliation in
 the selection, terms or conditions for carriage. The FCC’s
 Adelphia/Comcast Transactions Order imposes certain additional
 obligations related to these rules. Under a successful program
 carriage complaint, TWC might be compelled to carry programming
 services it would not otherwise carry
 and/or to do
 so on economic and other terms that it would not accept absent
 such compulsion. TWC is currently the defendant in a program
 carriage complaint. See “Business—Regulatory
 Matters—Video Services—Program access and
 Adelphia/Comcast Transactions Order.” Compelled government
 carriage could reduce TWC’s ability to carry other, more
 desirable programming and non-video services, decrease its
 ability to manage its bandwidth efficiently and increase
 TWC’s costs, adversely affecting TWC’s competitive
 position.

 24

Table of Contents

 “Net
 neutrality” legislation or regulation could limit
 TWC’s ability to operate its high-speed data business
 profitably and to manage its broadband facilities
 efficiently.

 On December 21, 2010, the FCC adopted an Open Internet
 Order imposing net neutrality obligations on broadband Internet
 access providers. The new Open Internet rules, based on
 principles of transparency, no blocking and no unreasonable
 discrimination, are applicable to fixed and wireless broadband
 Internet access providers to different extents. Under the new
 rules, fixed and wireless broadband Internet access providers,
 including TWC, are required to make their practices transparent
 to both consumers and providers of Internet content, services,
 applications and devices on both the website and at the
 point-of-sale.
 In addition, subject to “reasonable network
 management,” fixed broadband Internet access providers,
 including TWC, are prohibited from blocking lawful content,
 applications, services and non-harmful devices, and from
 engaging in unreasonable discrimination in transmitting lawful
 traffic.

 In order to continue to provide quality high-speed data service
 at attractive prices, TWC needs the continued flexibility to
 develop and refine business models that respond to changing
 consumer uses and demands, to manage bandwidth usage efficiently
 and to continue to invest in its systems. It is unclear how the
 FCC’s net neutrality regulations will be implemented once
 they become effective and how “reasonable network
 management” will be determined. The new regulations could
 adversely impact TWC’s ability to operate its high-speed
 data network profitably and to undertake the upgrades that may
 be needed to continue to provide high quality high-speed data
 services and could negatively impact its ability to compete
 effectively. For a description of the recently-adopted
 obligations, see “Business—Regulatory
 Matters—High-speed Internet Access Services—‘Net
 neutrality’ legislative proposals and regulations.”

 Rate
 regulation could materially adversely impact TWC’s
 operations, business, financial results or financial
 condition.

 Under current FCC regulations, rates for BST video service and
 associated equipment are permitted to be regulated. In the
 majority of its localities, TWC is not subject to BST video rate
 regulation, either because the local franchising authority has
 not asked the FCC for permission to regulate rates or because
 the FCC has found that there is “effective
 competition.” Also, there is currently no rate regulation
 for TWC’s other services, including high-speed data and
 voice services. It is possible, however, that the FCC or
 Congress will adopt more extensive rate regulation for
 TWC’s video services or regulate other services, such as
 high-speed data and voice services, which could impede
 TWC’s ability to raise rates, or require rate reductions,
 and therefore could cause TWC’s business, financial results
 or financial condition to suffer.

 TWC
 may encounter substantially increased pole attachment
 costs.

 Under federal law, TWC has the right to attach cables carrying
 video and other services to telephone and similar poles of
 investor-owned utilities at regulated rates. However, because
 these cables may carry services other than video services, such
 as high-speed data services or new forms of voice services, some
 utility pole owners have sought to impose additional fees for
 pole attachment. In November 2007, the FCC issued a Notice of
 Proposed Rulemaking that proposes to establish a single pole
 attachment rate for all utility pole owners carrying broadband
 Internet access services that would be higher than the rate
 charged for video and cable modem service. In August 2009, a
 coalition of electric utility companies petitioned the FCC to
 declare that the pole attachment rate for cable companies’
 digital telephone service should be assessed at the higher rate
 paid by telecommunications providers rather than the rate paid
 by cable providers, and in May 2010, the FCC issued a Further
 Notice of Proposed Rulemaking seeking to refresh the record
 regarding a unified broadband Internet rate and to seek comment
 on bringing the telecommunications rate and the cable rate
 closer to parity.

 Some of the poles TWC uses are exempt from federal regulation
 because they are owned by utility cooperatives and municipal
 entities. These entities may not renew TWC’s existing
 agreements when they expire, and they may require TWC to pay
 substantially increased fees. A number of these entities are
 currently seeking to impose substantial rate increases. Any
 increase in TWC’s pole attachment rates or inability to
 secure continued pole attachment agreements with these
 cooperatives or municipal utilities on commercially reasonable
 terms could cause TWC’s business, financial results or
 financial condition to suffer.

 The
 IRS and state and local tax authorities may challenge the tax
 characterizations of the Adelphia Acquisition (as defined
 below), the Redemptions (as defined below) and the Exchange (as
 defined below), or TWC’s related 

 25

Table of Contents

 valuations, and any successful challenge by the IRS or
 state or local tax authorities could materially adversely affect
 TWC’s tax profile, significantly increase TWC’s future
 cash tax payments and significantly reduce TWC’s future
 earnings and cash flow.

 The acquisition by TW NY Cable and Comcast of assets comprising
 in aggregate substantially all of the cable assets of Adelphia
 (the “Adelphia Acquisition”) was designed to be a
 fully taxable asset sale, the redemption by TWC of
 Comcast’s interests in TWC (the “TWC Redemption”)
 was designed to qualify as a tax-free split-off under
 section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
 amended (the “Tax Code”), the redemption by TWE of
 Comcast’s interests in TWE (the “TWE Redemption”
 and collectively with the TWC Redemption, the
 “Redemptions”) was designed as a redemption of
 Comcast’s partnership interest in TWE, and the exchange
 between TW NY Cable and Comcast immediately after the Adelphia
 Acquisition (the “Exchange”) was designed as an
 exchange of designated cable systems. There can be no assurance,
 however, that the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”)
 or state or local tax authorities (collectively with the IRS,
 the “Tax Authorities”) will not challenge one or more
 of such characterizations or TWC’s related valuations. Such
 a successful challenge by the Tax Authorities could materially
 adversely affect TWC’s tax profile (including TWC’s
 ability to recognize the intended tax benefits from the
 Adelphia/Comcast transactions), significantly increase
 TWC’s future cash tax payments and significantly reduce
 TWC’s future earnings and cash flow. The tax consequences
 of the Adelphia Acquisition, the Redemptions and the Exchange
 are complex and, in many cases, subject to significant
 uncertainties, including, but not limited to, uncertainties
 regarding the application of federal, state and local income tax
 laws to various transactions and events contemplated therein and
 regarding matters relating to valuation.

 If the
 Separation Transactions (as defined below), including the
 Distribution (as defined below), do not qualify as
 tax-free,
 either as a result of actions taken or not taken by TWC or as a
 result of the failure of certain representations by TWC to be
 true, TWC has agreed to indemnify Time Warner for its taxes
 resulting from such disqualification, which would be
 significant.

 As part of TWC’s separation from Time Warner in March 2009
 (the “Separation”), Time Warner received a private
 letter ruling from the IRS and Time Warner and TWC received
 opinions of tax counsel confirming that the transactions
 undertaken in connection with the Separation, including the
 transfer by a subsidiary of Time Warner of its 12.43% non-voting
 common stock interest in TW NY to TWC in exchange for
 80 million newly issued shares of TWC’s Class A
 common stock, TWC’s payment of a special cash dividend to
 holders TWC’s outstanding Class A and Class B
 common stock, the conversion of each share of TWC’s
 outstanding Class A and Class B common stock into one
 share of TWC common stock, and the pro-rata dividend of all
 shares of TWC common stock held by Time Warner to holders of
 record of Time Warner’s common stock (the
 “Distribution” and, together with all of the
 transactions, the “Separation Transactions”), should
 generally qualify as tax-free to Time Warner and its
 stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The
 ruling and opinions rely on certain facts, assumptions,
 representations and undertakings from Time Warner and TWC
 regarding the past and future conduct of the companies’
 businesses and other matters. If any of these facts,
 assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or
 not otherwise satisfied, Time Warner and its stockholders may
 not be able to rely on the ruling or the opinions and could be
 subject to significant tax liabilities. Notwithstanding the
 private letter ruling and opinions, the IRS could determine on
 audit that the Separation Transactions should be treated as
 taxable transactions if it determines that any of these facts,
 assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or
 have been violated, or for other reasons, including as a result
 of significant changes in the stock ownership of Time Warner or
 TWC after the Distribution.

 Under the tax sharing agreement among Time Warner and TWC, TWC
 generally would be required to indemnify Time Warner against its
 taxes resulting from the failure of any of the Separation
 Transactions to qualify as tax-free as a result of
 (i) certain actions or failures to act by TWC or
 (ii) the failure of certain representations made by TWC to
 be true. In addition, even if TWC bears no contractual
 responsibility for taxes related to a failure of the Separation
 Transactions to qualify for their intended tax treatment,
 Treasury regulation
 section 1.1502-6
 imposes on TWC several liability for all Time Warner federal
 income tax obligations relating to the period during which TWC
 was a member of the Time Warner federal consolidated tax group,
 including the date of the Separation Transactions. Similar
 provisions may apply under foreign, state or local law. Absent
 TWC causing the Separation Transactions to not qualify as
 tax-free, Time Warner has indemnified TWC against such several
 liability arising from a failure of the Separation Transactions
 to qualify for their intended tax treatment.

 26

Table of Contents

 Tax
 legislation and administrative initiatives or challenges to the
 Company’s tax positions could adversely affect the
 Company’s results of operations and financial
 condition.

 TWC operates cable systems in locations throughout the United
 States and, as a result, it is subject to the tax laws and
 regulations of the U.S. federal, state and local
 governments. From time to time, various legislative
 and/or
 administrative initiatives may be proposed that could adversely
 affect the Company’s tax positions. There can be no
 assurance that the Company’s effective tax rate or tax
 payments will not be adversely affected by these initiatives. As
 a result of state and local budget shortfalls due primarily to
 the economic environment as well as other considerations,
 certain states and localities have imposed or are considering
 imposing new or additional taxes or fees on TWC’s services
 or changing the methodologies or base on which certain fees and
 taxes are computed. Such potential changes include additional
 taxes or fees on TWC’s services that could impact its
 customers, combined reporting and other changes to general
 business taxes, central/unit-level assessment of property taxes
 and other matters that could increase TWC’s income,
 franchise, sales, use

and/or
 property tax liabilities. In addition, U.S. federal, state
 and local tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and
 subject to varying interpretations. There can be no assurance
 that TWC ’s tax positions will not be challenged by
 relevant tax authorities or that TWC would be successful in any
 such challenge.

 Applicable
 law is subject to change.

 The exact requirements of applicable law are not always clear,
 and the rules affecting TWC’s businesses are always subject
 to change. For example, the FCC may interpret its rules and
 regulations in enforcement proceedings in a manner that is
 inconsistent with the judgments TWC has made. Likewise,
 regulators and legislators at all levels of government may
 sometimes change existing rules or establish new rules.
 Congress, for example, considers new legislative requirements
 for cable operators virtually every year, and there is always a
 risk that such proposals will ultimately be enacted. In
 addition, federal, state or local governments
 and/or tax
 authorities may change tax laws, regulations or administrative
 practices that could negatively impact TWC’s operating
 results and financial condition. See
 “Business—Regulatory Matters.”