.

TWC faces a wide range of competition, and its business and financial results could be adversely affected if it does not compete
effectively. 

TWC faces significant competition, and the rapid development of new technologies, services and
products has led to the entry of many new competitors, further intensifying the competitive environment. Any inability to compete effectively could have an adverse effect on TWC’s financial and operating results and return on capital
expenditures due to possible increases in the cost of gaining and retaining subscribers and lower per subscriber revenue, could slow or cause a decline in TWC’s growth rates, and reduce TWC’s revenue. As TWC expands and introduces new and
enhanced services, TWC may be subject to competition from other providers of those services. TWC cannot predict the extent to which this competition will affect its future business and financial results or return on capital expenditures. 

Future advances in technology, as well as changes in the marketplace, in the economy and in the regulatory and legislative
environments, may result in changes to the competitive landscape. For additional information regarding the competition faced by TWC, see “Business—Competition” and “—Regulatory Matters.” 

TWC faces risks relating to competition for the leisure time and discretionary spending of audiences, which has intensified in part due
to advances in technology and changes in consumer expectations and behavior. 

In addition to the various
competitive factors discussed above, TWC’s business is subject to risks relating to increasing competition for the leisure time and discretionary spending of consumers. TWC’s business competes with all other sources of entertainment and
information delivery. Technological advancements, such as new video formats and Internet streaming and downloading of programming that can be viewed on televisions, computers and mobile devices, many of which have been beneficial to TWC’s
business, have nonetheless increased the number of entertainment and information delivery choices available to consumers and intensified the challenges posed by audience fragmentation. The increasing number of choices available to audiences,
including low-cost or free choices, could negatively impact not only consumer demand for TWC’s products and services, but also advertisers’ willingness to purchase advertising from TWC. TWC’s failure to effectively anticipate or adapt
to new technologies and changes in consumer expectations and behavior could significantly adversely affect TWC’s competitive position and its business and results of operations. 

A prolonged economic downturn, especially a continued downturn in the housing market, may negatively impact TWC’s ability to
attract new subscribers and generate increased revenue. 

The U.S. economy is experiencing an uneven recovery
following a protracted slowdown, and the future economic environment may continue to be challenging. A continuation or further weakening of these economic conditions could lead to further reductions in consumer demand for the Company’s
services, especially services for which additional charges are imposed and to a continued increase in the number of homes that replace their video service with Internet-delivered and/or over-air content, which would negatively impact TWC’s
ability to attract customers, increase rates and maintain or increase revenue. In addition, providing video services is an established and highly penetrated business. TWC’s ability to gain new 

15 

Table of Contents

video subscribers is dependent to a large extent on growth in occupied housing in TWC’s service areas, which is influenced by both national and local economic conditions. In the absence of
renewed growth in the number of occupied homes in TWC’s operating areas, TWC’s ability to gain new video subscribers may be negatively impacted. Weak economic conditions may also have a negative impact on the Company’s advertising
revenue. 
TWC’s business is characterized by rapid technological change, and if TWC does not adapt to technological changes and
respond appropriately to changes in consumer demand, its competitive position may be harmed. 

TWC operates in a
highly competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environment. Its success is, to a large extent, dependent on its ability to acquire, develop, adopt, upgrade and exploit new and existing technologies to address consumers’ changing
demands and distinguish its services from those of its competitors. TWC may not be able to accurately predict technological trends or the success of new products and services. If TWC chooses technologies or equipment that are less effective,
cost-efficient or attractive to its customers than those chosen by its competitors, or if TWC offers services that fail to appeal to consumers, are not available at competitive prices or that do not function as expected, TWC’s competitive
position could deteriorate, and TWC’s business and financial results could suffer. 
The ability of some of TWC’s
competitors to introduce new technologies, products and services more quickly than TWC may adversely affect TWC’s competitive position. Furthermore, advances in technology, decreases in the cost of existing technologies or changes in
competitors’ product and service offerings may require TWC in the future to make additional research and development expenditures or to offer at no additional charge or at a lower price certain products and services TWC currently offers to
customers separately or at a premium. In addition, the uncertainty of the Company’s ability and the costs to obtain intellectual property rights from third parties could impact TWC’s ability to respond to technological advances in a timely
and effective manner. 
TWC relies on network and information systems and other technology, and a disruption or failure of such
networks, systems or technology as a result of computer viruses, “cyber attacks,” misappropriation of data or other malfeasance, as well as outages, natural disasters (including extreme weather), terrorist attacks, accidental releases of
information or similar events, may disrupt TWC’s business. 

Network and information systems and other
technologies are critical to TWC’s operating activities, both to its internal uses and in supplying services to customers. Network or information system shutdowns or other service disruptions caused by events such as computer hacking,
dissemination of computer viruses, worms and other destructive or disruptive software, “cyber attacks,” process breakdowns, denial of service attacks and other malicious activity pose increasing risks. Both unsuccessful and successful
“cyber attacks” on companies have continued to increase in frequency, scope and potential harm in recent years and, because the techniques used in such attacks have become more sophisticated and change frequently, TWC may be unable to
anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. While from time to time attempts are made to access TWC’s network, these attempts have not as yet resulted in any material release of information, degradation or
disruption to the Company’s network and information systems. 
TWC’s network and information systems are also
vulnerable to damage or interruption from power outages, natural disasters (including extreme weather arising from short-term weather patterns or any long-term changes), terrorist attacks and similar events. Any of these events could have an adverse
impact on TWC and its customers, including degradation of service, service disruption, excessive call volume to call centers and damage to TWC’s plant, equipment, data and reputation. Such an event also could result in large expenditures
necessary to repair or replace such networks or information systems or to protect them from similar events in the future. Further, the impacts associated with extreme weather or any long-term changes, such as rising sea levels or increased and
intensified storm activity, may cause increased business interruptions or may require the relocation of some of TWC’s facilities. Significant incidents could result in a disruption of TWC’s operations, customer dissatisfaction or a loss of
customers or revenue. 
Furthermore, TWC’s operating activities could be subject to risks caused by misappropriation,
misuse, leakage, falsification or accidental release or loss of information maintained in the information technology systems and networks of TWC and third-party vendors, including customer, personnel and vendor data. TWC provides certain
confidential, proprietary and personal information to third parties in connection with its business, and there is a risk that this information may be compromised. 

As a result of the increasing awareness concerning the importance of safeguarding personal information, the potential misuse
of such information and legislation that has been adopted or is being considered regarding the protection, privacy and security of personal information, information-related risks are increasing, particularly for businesses like TWC’s that
handle 

16 

Table of Contents

a large amount of personal customer data. TWC could be exposed to significant costs if such risks were to materialize, and such events could damage the reputation and credibility of TWC and its
business and have a negative impact on its revenue. TWC could be subject to regulatory actions and claims made by consumers in private litigations involving privacy issues related to consumer data collection and use practices. TWC also could be
required to expend significant capital and other resources to remedy any such security breach. 
TWC’s business may be adversely
affected if TWC cannot continue to license or enforce the intellectual property rights on which its business depends. 

TWC relies on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws and licenses and other agreements with its employees,
customers, suppliers and other parties to establish and maintain its intellectual property rights in technology and the products and services used in TWC’s operations. Also, because of the rapid pace of technological change, TWC both develops
its own technologies, products and services and relies on technologies developed or licensed by third parties. However, any of TWC’s intellectual property rights could be challenged or invalidated, or such intellectual property rights may not
be sufficient to permit TWC to take advantage of current industry trends or otherwise to provide competitive advantages, which could result in costly redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain product or service offerings or other competitive harm.
TWC may not be able to obtain or continue to obtain licenses from these third parties on reasonable terms, if at all. In addition, claims of intellectual property infringement could require TWC to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on
unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question, which could require TWC to change its business practices or offerings and limit its
ability to compete effectively. Even unsuccessful claims can be time-consuming and costly to defend and may divert management’s attention and resources away from TWC’s businesses. In recent years, the number of intellectual property
infringement claims has been increasing in the communications and entertainment industries, and, with increasing frequency, TWC is party to litigation alleging that certain of its services or technologies infringe the intellectual property rights of
others. 
Adverse changes in the credit markets could increase TWC’s borrowing costs and the availability of financing.

As of December 31, 2013, TWC had net debt of $24.527 billion. Adverse changes in the public credit markets,
including increases in interest rates, could increase TWC’s cost of borrowing and make it more difficult for TWC to obtain financing. In addition, TWC’s borrowing costs may be affected by debt ratings assigned by independent ratings
agencies that are based, in significant part, on TWC’s leverage and its performance as measured by customary credit metrics. A decrease in these ratings would likely increase TWC’s cost of borrowing and make it more difficult for TWC to
obtain financing. 
The accounting treatment of goodwill and other identified intangibles could result in future asset impairments,
which would be recorded as operating losses. 

Authoritative guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (“FASB”) requires that goodwill and other intangible assets deemed to have indefinite useful lives, such as cable franchise rights, cease to be amortized. The guidance requires that goodwill and certain intangible assets be tested
annually for impairment or upon the occurrence of a triggering event. Under the accounting rules, the Company may elect to perform a qualitative assessment to determine if an impairment is more likely than not to have occurred. If an impairment is
more likely than not to have occurred, a quantitative assessment is required. If the quantitative assessment determines that the carrying value of goodwill or a certain intangible asset exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment charge is
recognized in an amount equal to that excess. Any such impairment is required to be recorded as a noncash operating loss. 

TWC’s 2013 annual impairment analysis, which was a qualitative assessment performed as of July 1, 2013, did not
result in any goodwill or cable franchise rights impairment charges. However, it is possible that impairment charges may be recorded in the future to reflect potential declines in fair value. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates—Fair Value Estimates—Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets and Goodwill.” 

Increases in programming and retransmission costs or the inability to obtain popular programming could adversely affect TWC’s
operations and financial results. 

Video programming and retransmission costs represent a major component of
TWC’s expenses. These costs are expected to continue to increase as the cost of obtaining desirable programming continues to increase. TWC’s video programming costs as a percentage of video revenue have increased over recent years and will
continue to increase over the next coming years as cable programming and broadcast station retransmission consent cost increases outpace growth in video revenue. If TWC is unable to raise customers’ rates or offset such programming and
retransmission costs through the sale of additional services, the increasing cost could have an adverse impact on TWC’s financial results. 

17 

Table of Contents

Furthermore, as TWC’s contracts with content providers expire, there can be
no assurance that they will be renewed on acceptable terms or that they will be renewed at all. TWC’s failure to carry programming that is attractive to its subscribers could adversely impact TWC’s subscriber levels, operations and
financial results. In addition, if TWC’s high-speed data subscribers are unable to access desirable content online because content providers block or limit access by TWC subscribers as a class, TWC’s ability to gain and retain subscribers,
especially high-speed data subscribers, may be negatively impacted. 
TWC’s business may be adversely affected if it fails to
reach distribution agreements providing for carriage of the Company’s RSNs or if such agreements are on unfavorable terms. 

TWC has entered into long-term contracts for certain sports programming rights, including a media rights agreement with the
Los Angeles Lakers and a services agreement with American Media Productions, which owns SportsNet LA, an RSN that will carry the Los Angeles Dodgers’ baseball games and other sports programming beginning with the 2014 baseball
season. There can be no assurance that TWC will be successful in reaching agreements with other MVPDs to distribute sports programming for which TWC has distribution rights or responsibility for affiliate sales services or, if agreements are
reached, that revenue from such agreements will exceed or sufficiently offset TWC’s payments under the rights or services agreements, as well as the other costs TWC incurs in producing and distributing the programming pursuant to the terms of
these agreements. 
TWC may not be able to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support. 

TWC depends on a limited number of third-party suppliers and licensors to supply some of the hardware, software and
operational support necessary to provide some of TWC’s services. Some of these vendors represent TWC’s sole source of supply or have, either through contract or as a result of intellectual property rights, a position of some exclusivity.
If any of these parties breaches or terminates its agreement with TWC or otherwise fails to perform its obligations in a timely manner, demand exceeds these vendors’ capacity, they experience operating or financial difficulties, they
significantly increase the amount TWC pays for necessary products or services, or they cease production of any necessary product due to lack of demand, profitability, a change in their ownership or otherwise, TWC’s ability to provide some
services may be materially adversely affected. Any of these events could materially and adversely affect TWC’s ability to retain and attract subscribers and have a material negative impact on TWC’s operations, business, financial results
and financial condition. 
The Company may fail to complete the proposed merger with and into Comcast and, even if the merger is
successfully completed, the anticipated benefits to the Company’s stockholders may not be realized. 

On
February 12, 2014, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Comcast, whereby the Company agreed to merge with and into a 100% owned subsidiary of Comcast. The Company and Comcast are subject to certain antitrust, competition and
communications laws, and the proposed merger will be subject to review and approval, including an order by the Federal Communications Commission and approval under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976. The proposed merger is
subject to approval by the stockholders of each of the Company and Comcast and other customary closing conditions. The Company or Comcast may, however, be unable to obtain the necessary approvals or otherwise satisfy the conditions required to
complete the transaction on a timely basis or at all. The conditions to the proposed merger could prevent or delay the completion of the transaction. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that the anticipated benefits to the Company’s
stockholders will be realized in the event that the proposed merger is successfully completed. 

The Company is subject
to certain purported class action stockholder litigations relating to the proposed merger with Comcast, which could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and operating results. 

The Company, its directors and certain of its current and former officers are subject to certain purported class action
stockholder litigations relating to the proposed merger with Comcast and additional litigations may be filed. While the Company intends to vigorously defend against any such claims, the costs of the defense of such lawsuits and other effects of such
litigation could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and operating results. 
TWC’s
business is subject to extensive governmental regulation, which could adversely affect its operations. 

TWC’s
video and voice services are subject to extensive regulation at the federal, state and local levels. In addition, the federal government has extended regulation to high-speed data services. TWC is also subject to regulation of its video services
relating to rates, equipment, technologies, programming, levels and types of services, taxes and other charges. Modification to existing regulations or the imposition of new regulations could have an adverse impact on TWC’s services. TWC
expects that legislative enactments, court actions and regulatory proceedings will continue to clarify and, in some 

18 

Table of Contents

cases, change the rights of cable companies and other entities providing video, high-speed data and voice services under the Communications Act and other laws, possibly in ways that TWC has not
foreseen. The results of these legislative, judicial and administrative actions may materially affect TWC’s business operations. 

Changes in broadcast carriage regulations could impose significant additional costs on TWC. 

Although TWC would likely choose to carry the majority of primary feeds of full power stations voluntarily, so-called
“must carry” rules require TWC to carry some local broadcast television signals on some of its cable systems that it might not otherwise carry. If the FCC seeks to revise or expand the “must carry” rules, such as to require
carriage of multicast streams, TWC would be forced to carry video programming that it would not otherwise carry and potentially drop other, more popular programming in order to free capacity for the required programming, which could make TWC less
competitive. Moreover, if the FCC adopts rules that are not competitively neutral, cable operators could be placed at a disadvantage versus other multi-channel video providers. 

Under the program carriage rules, TWC could be compelled to carry programming services that it would not otherwise carry. 

The Communications Act and the FCC’s “program carriage” rules restrict cable operators and MVPDs from
unreasonably restraining the ability of an unaffiliated programming vendor to compete fairly by discriminating against the programming vendor on the basis of its non-affiliation in the selection, terms or conditions for carriage. In August 2011, the
FCC issued a program carriage order and further notice of proposed rulemaking, which TWC and the NCTA appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. In September 2013, the court vacated the FCC’s temporary standstill rules,
finding that they were promulgated in violation of the Administrative Procedure Act of 1946. However, the court rejected TWC’s argument that the program carriage regime violated the First Amendment. Under a successful program carriage
complaint, TWC might be compelled to carry programming services it would not otherwise carry and/or to do so on economic and other terms that it would not accept absent such compulsion. See “Business—Regulatory Matters—Video
Services—Program carriage.” Compelled government carriage could reduce TWC’s ability to carry other, more desirable programming and non-video services, decrease its ability to manage its bandwidth efficiently and increase TWC’s
costs, adversely affecting TWC’s competitive position. 
“Net neutrality” legislation or regulation could limit
TWC’s ability to operate its business profitably and to manage its broadband facilities efficiently. 

The
rising popularity of bandwidth-intensive Internet-based services has increased the demand for and usage of TWC’s high-speed data service. In order to continue to provide quality high-speed data service at attractive prices and to offer new
services, TWC needs the continued flexibility to develop and refine business models that respond to changing consumer uses and demands, to manage bandwidth usage efficiently and to continue to invest in its systems. TWC’s ability to do these
things could be restricted by legislative or regulatory efforts to impose so-called “net-neutrality” requirements on cable operators. 

In January 2014, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit vacated the FCC’s anti-blocking and non-discrimination
rules under its Open Internet Order, which had been effective since November 2011, while also finding that the FCC has the statutory authority to impose such rules so long as they do not contravene other express statutory mandates. It is unclear
whether and to what degree the FCC will pursue new net neutrality regulations or other regulation of broadband Internet access services. In addition, in light of the court’s decision, Congress could seek to adopt legislation banning the
blocking of Internet traffic and/or imposing non-discrimination requirements on broadband Internet access providers, such as TWC. Such regulation or legislation could adversely impact TWC’s ability to operate its high-speed data network
profitably and to undertake the upgrades and put into operation management practices that may be needed to continue to provide high quality high-speed data services and new services and could negatively impact TWC’s ability to compete
effectively. See “Business—Regulatory Matters—High-speed Internet Access Services—‘Net neutrality’ regulations.” 

Rate regulation could materially adversely impact TWC’s operations, business, financial results or financial condition.

Under current FCC regulations, rates for BST video service and associated equipment are permitted to be
regulated. In approximately 78% of the communities it serves, TWC is not subject to BST video rate regulation, either because the local franchising authority has not asked the FCC for permission to regulate rates or because the FCC has found that
there is “effective competition.” Also, there is currently no federal rate regulation for TWC’s other services, including high-speed data and voice services. It is possible, however, that the FCC or Congress will adopt more extensive
rate regulation for TWC’s video services or regulate the rates of other services, such as high-speed data and voice services, which could impede 

19 

Table of Contents

TWC’s ability to raise rates, or require rate reductions, and therefore could cause TWC’s business, financial results or financial condition to suffer. 

TWC may encounter substantially increased pole attachment costs. 

Under federal law, TWC has the right to attach cables carrying video and other services to telephone and similar poles of
investor-owned utilities at regulated rates. However, because these cables may carry services other than video services, such as high-speed data services or new forms of voice services, some utility pole owners have sought to impose the
telecommunications rate on TWC when it carries services other than video services over its attachments. In June 2011, the FCC adopted a pole attachment rate formula that reduced the rates for telecommunications service pole attachments to levels
that are at or near the rates for cable service attachments, although utility companies are able to rebut certain presumptions in the new formula, resulting in telecommunications service rates that are higher than the cable rate. Moreover, the
appropriate method for calculating pole attachment rates for cable operators that provide VoIP services remains unclear. The FCC recently sought comment on a petition regarding the legal classification of VoIP services for purposes of assessing pole
attachment rates. 
Some of the poles TWC uses are exempt from federal regulation because they are owned by utility
cooperatives and municipal entities. These entities may not renew TWC’s existing agreements when they expire, and they may require TWC to pay substantially increased fees. A number of these entities are currently seeking to impose substantial
rate increases. Any increase in TWC’s pole attachment rates or inability to secure continued pole attachment agreements with these cooperatives or municipal utilities on commercially reasonable terms could cause TWC’s business, financial
results or financial condition to suffer. 
The IRS (as defined below) and state and local tax authorities may challenge the tax
characterizations of the Adelphia Acquisition, the Redemptions and the Exchange (each as defined below), or TWC’s related valuations, and any successful challenge by the IRS or state or local tax authorities could materially adversely affect
TWC’s tax profile, significantly increase TWC’s future cash tax payments and significantly reduce TWC’s future earnings and cash flow. 

The 2006 acquisition by TW NY Cable Holding Inc. (“TW NY Cable”) and Comcast of assets comprising in aggregate
substantially all of the cable assets of Adelphia Communications Corporation (the “Adelphia Acquisition”) was designed to be a fully taxable asset sale, the redemption by TWC of Comcast’s interests in TWC (the “TWC
Redemption”) was designed to qualify as a tax-free split-off under section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Tax Code”), the redemption by TWE of Comcast’s interests in TWE (the “TWE
Redemption” and collectively with the TWC Redemption, the “Redemptions”) was designed as a redemption of Comcast’s partnership interest in TWE, and the exchange between TW NY Cable and Comcast immediately after the Adelphia
Acquisition (the “Exchange”) was designed as an exchange of designated cable systems. There can be no assurance, however, that the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) or state or local tax authorities (collectively with the IRS,
the “Tax Authorities”) will not challenge one or more of such characterizations or TWC’s related valuations. Such a successful challenge by the Tax Authorities could materially adversely affect TWC’s tax profile (including
TWC’s ability to recognize the intended tax benefits from these transactions), significantly increase TWC’s future cash tax payments and significantly reduce TWC’s future earnings and cash flow. The tax consequences of the Adelphia
Acquisition, the Redemptions and the Exchange are complex and, in many cases, subject to significant uncertainties, including, but not limited to, uncertainties regarding the application of federal, state and local income tax laws to various
transactions and events contemplated therein and regarding matters relating to valuation. 
If the Separation Transactions (as
defined below), including the Distribution (as defined below), do not qualify as tax-free, either as a result of actions taken or not taken by TWC or as a result of the failure of certain representations by TWC to be true, TWC has agreed to
indemnify Time Warner Inc. for its taxes resulting from such disqualification, which would be significant. 

As
part of TWC’s separation from Time Warner Inc. (“Time Warner”) in March 2009 (the “Separation”), Time Warner received a private letter ruling from the IRS and Time Warner and TWC received opinions of tax counsel confirming
that the transactions undertaken in connection with the Separation, including the transfer by a subsidiary of Time Warner of its 12.43% non-voting common stock interest in TW NY Cable Holding Inc. to TWC in exchange for 80 million newly issued
shares of TWC’s Class A common stock, TWC’s payment of a special cash dividend to holders of TWC’s outstanding Class A and Class B common stock, the conversion of each share of TWC’s outstanding Class A and
Class B common stock into one share of TWC common stock, and the pro-rata dividend of all shares of TWC common stock held by Time Warner to holders of record of Time Warner’s common stock (the “Distribution” and, together with
all of the transactions, the “Separation Transactions”), should generally qualify as tax-free to Time Warner and its stockholders for U.S. federal income 

20 

Table of Contents

tax purposes. The ruling and opinions rely on certain facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings from Time Warner and TWC regarding the past and future conduct of the companies’
businesses and other matters. If any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or not otherwise satisfied, Time Warner and its stockholders may not be able to rely on the ruling or the opinions and could be subject
to significant tax liabilities. Notwithstanding the private letter ruling and opinions, the IRS could determine on audit that the Separation Transactions should be treated as taxable transactions if it determines that any of these facts,
assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated, or for other reasons, including as a result of significant changes in the stock ownership of Time Warner or TWC after the Distribution. 

Under the tax sharing agreement among Time Warner and TWC, TWC generally would be required to indemnify Time Warner against
its taxes resulting from the failure of any of the Separation Transactions to qualify as tax-free as a result of (i) certain actions or failures to act by TWC or (ii) the failure of certain representations made by TWC to be true. In
addition, even if TWC bears no contractual responsibility for taxes related to a failure of the Separation Transactions to qualify for their intended tax treatment, Treasury regulation section 1.1502-6 imposes on TWC several liability for all
Time Warner federal income tax obligations relating to the period during which TWC was a member of the Time Warner federal consolidated tax group, including the date of the Separation Transactions. Similar provisions may apply under foreign, state
or local law. Absent TWC causing the Separation Transactions to not qualify as tax-free, Time Warner has indemnified TWC against such several liability arising from a failure of the Separation Transactions to qualify for their intended tax
treatment. 
Tax legislation and administrative initiatives or challenges to the Company’s tax positions could adversely affect
the Company’s results of operations and financial condition. 

TWC operates in locations throughout the U.S.
and, as a result, it is subject to the tax laws and regulations of the U.S. federal, state and local governments. From time to time, various legislative and/or administrative initiatives may be proposed that could adversely affect the
Company’s tax positions. There can be no assurance that the Company’s effective tax rate or tax payments will not be adversely affected by these initiatives. As a result of state and local budget shortfalls due primarily to the economic
environment as well as other considerations, certain states and localities have imposed or are considering imposing new or additional taxes or fees on TWC’s services or changing the methodologies or base on which certain fees and taxes are
computed. Such potential changes include additional taxes or fees on TWC’s services that could impact its customers, combined reporting and other changes to general business taxes, central/unit-level assessment of property taxes and other
matters that could increase TWC’s income, franchise, sales, use and/or property tax liabilities. In addition, U.S. federal, state and local tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. There can be
no assurance that TWC’s tax positions will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or that TWC would be successful in any such challenge. 

Applicable law is subject to change. 

The exact requirements of applicable law are not always clear, and the rules affecting TWC’s businesses are always
subject to change. For example, the FCC may interpret its rules and regulations in enforcement proceedings in a manner that is inconsistent with the judgments TWC has made. Likewise, regulators and legislators at all levels of government may
sometimes change existing rules or establish new rules governing topics such as privacy and information security or environmental protection, including regulations in response to concerns about climate change, among others. In addition, Congress
considers new legislative requirements for cable operators virtually every year, and there is always a risk that such proposals will ultimately be enacted. Federal, state or local governments and/or tax authorities may change tax laws, regulations
or administrative practices that could negatively impact TWC’s operating results and financial condition. See “Business—Regulatory Matters.”