.

 Risks
 Related to Competition

 TWC
 faces a wide range of competition, which could negatively affect
 its business and financial results.

 TWC’s industry is, and will continue to be, highly
 competitive. Some of TWC’s principal competitors, DBS
 operators and incumbent local telephone companies, in
 particular, offer services that provide features and functions
 comparable to the video, high-speed data
 and/or voice
 services that TWC offers, and they offer them in bundles similar
 to TWC’s. In a number of TWC’s operating areas,
 AT&T and Verizon have upgraded portions of their networks
 to carry two-way video, high-speed data with substantial
 bandwidth and

IP-based
 telephony services, which they market and sell in bundles along
 with their wireless service. TWC’s competitors try to
 distinguish their services from TWC’s by offering
 aggressive promotional pricing, exclusive programming,

and/or
 assertions of superior service or offerings.

 In addition, TWC faces competition from a range of other
 competitors, including, increasingly, companies that deliver
 content to consumers over the Internet, often without charging a
 fee for access to the content. This trend could negatively
 impact customer demand for TWC’s video services, especially
 premium and On-Demand services, and could encourage content
 owners to seek higher license fees from TWC in order to
 subsidize their free distribution of content. TWC also faces
 competition in high speed data from second- and third-generation
 wireless broadband services provided by mobile carriers such as
 Verizon, AT&T, Sprint and
 T-Mobile and
 broadband over power lines. Competition in voice services is
 increasing as more homes in the United States are replacing
 their traditional telephone service with wireless service.

 Any inability to compete effectively or an increase in
 competition with respect to video, high-speed data or voice
 services could have an adverse effect on TWC’s financial
 results and return on capital expenditures due to possible
 increases in the cost of gaining and retaining subscribers and
 lower per subscriber revenue, could slow or cause a decline in
 TWC’s growth rates, reduce TWC’s revenues, reduce the
 number of TWC’s subscribers
 and/or
 reduce TWC’s ability to increase penetration rates for
 services. As TWC expands and introduces new and enhanced
 services, TWC may be subject to competition from other providers
 of those services, such as telecommunications providers,
 Internet Service Providers and consumer electronics companies,
 among others. TWC cannot predict the extent to which this
 competition will affect its future business and financial
 results or return on capital expenditures.

 Future advances in technology, as well as changes in the
 marketplace, in the economy and in the regulatory and
 legislative environments, may result in changes to the
 competitive landscape. For additional information regarding the
 regulatory and legal environment, see “—Risks Related
 to Government Regulation,” “—Risks Related to
 TWC’s Operations—Weakening economic conditions,
 including a continued downturn in the housing market, may
 negatively impact TWC’s ability to attract new subscribers,
 increase rates and maintain or increase revenues” and
 “Business—Competition” and “—Regulatory
 Matters.”

 TWC
 operates its cable systems under franchises that are
 non-exclusive. State and local franchising authorities can grant
 additional franchises and foster additional
 competition.

 TWC’s cable systems are constructed and operated under
 non-exclusive franchises granted by state or local governmental
 authorities. Federal law prohibits franchising authorities from
 unreasonably denying requests for additional franchises.
 Consequently, competing operators may build systems in areas in
 which TWC holds franchises. The existence of more than one cable
 system operating in the same territory is referred to as an
 “overbuild.” In the past, competing
 operators—most of them relatively small—have obtained
 such franchises and offered competing services in some areas in
 which TWC holds franchises. More recently, incumbent local
 telephone companies with significant resources, particularly
 Verizon and AT&T, have obtained such franchises in order to
 offer video, high-speed data and voice services in some of
 TWC’s service areas. See “—TWC faces a wide range
 of competition, which could negatively affect its business and
 financial results” above. Verizon and AT&T are
 continuing to upgrade their networks to expand the geographic
 areas in which they can deliver video and high-speed data
 services, in addition to their existing telephone services.

 Increased competition from any source, including overbuilders,
 could require TWC to charge lower prices for existing or future
 services than TWC otherwise might or require TWC to invest in or
 obtain additional services more

 28

Table of Contents

 quickly or at higher costs than TWC otherwise might. These
 actions, or the failure to take steps to allow TWC to compete
 effectively, could adversely affect TWC’s growth, financial
 condition and results of operations.

 TWC
 faces risks relating to competition for the leisure and
 entertainment time of audiences, which has intensified in part
 due to advances in technology.

 In addition to the various competitive factors discussed above,
 TWC’s business is subject to risks relating to increasing
 competition for the leisure and entertainment time of consumers.
 TWC’s business competes with all other sources of
 entertainment and information delivery, including broadcast
 television, movies, live events, radio broadcasts, home video
 products, console games, sports, print media and the Internet.
 Technological advancements, such as VOD, new video formats, and
 Internet streaming and downloading, many of which have been
 beneficial to TWC’s business, have nonetheless increased
 the number of entertainment and information delivery choices
 available to consumers and intensified the challenges posed by
 audience fragmentation. Increasingly, content owners are
 delivering their content directly to consumers over the
 Internet, often without charging any fee for access to the
 content. Furthermore, due to consumer electronics innovations,
 consumers are more readily able to watch such Internet-delivered
 content on television sets. The increasing number of choices
 available to audiences could negatively impact not only consumer
 demand for TWC’s products and services, but also
 advertisers’ willingness to purchase advertising from TWC.
 If TWC does not respond appropriately to further increases in
 the leisure and entertainment choices available to consumers,
 TWC’s competitive position could deteriorate, and
 TWC’s financial results could suffer.

 TWC’s
 competitive position and business and financial results could
 suffer if it does not develop a compelling wireless
 offering.

 TWC believes that broadband cable networks currently provide the
 most efficient means to deliver its services, but consumers are
 increasingly interested in accessing information, entertainment
 and communication services outside the home as well. TWC is
 exploring various means by which it can offer its customers
 mobile services. TWC has entered into a wholesale agreement with
 Sprint that allows TWC to offer wireless services utilizing
 Sprint’s second-generation and third-generation network and
 a wholesale agreement with Clearwire that will allow TWC to
 offer wireless services utilizing Clearwire’s mobile
 broadband wireless network, once constructed. TWC also is a
 participant in SpectrumCo, which holds AWS licenses covering
 20 MHz over 80% of the continental United States and
 Hawaii. There can be no assurance that Clearwire will
 successfully finance, develop, construct and deploy a nationwide
 mobile broadband wireless network or that Clearwire, SpectrumCo
 or the Company will successfully develop wireless services. If
 TWC incurs significant costs in developing or marketing mobile
 voice and/or
 related wireless offerings, and the resulting offerings are not
 competitive with the offerings of TWC’s competitors or
 appealing to TWC’s customers, TWC’s business and
 financial results could suffer. In addition, if TWC’s
 competitors expand their service bundles to include compelling
 mobile features before TWC has developed and rolled out
 equivalent or more compelling offerings, TWC may not be in a
 position to provide a competitive service offering and its
 growth, business and financial results may be adversely affected.

 Risks
 Related to TWC’s Operations

 Weakening
 economic conditions, including a continued downturn in the
 housing market, may negatively impact TWC’s ability to
 attract new subscribers, increase rates and maintain or increase
 revenues.

 The United States economy is currently undergoing a period of
 slowdown and the future economic environment may continue to be
 less favorable than that of recent years. A continuation or
 further weakening of these economic conditions could lead to
 further reductions in consumer demand for the Company’s
 services, especially premium services and DVRs, and a continued
 increase in the number of homes that replace their traditional
 telephone service with wireless service, which would negatively
 impact TWC’s ability to attract customers, increase rates
 and maintain or increase subscription revenues. In addition,
 providing basic video services is an established and highly
 penetrated business. TWC’s ability to achieve incremental
 growth in basic video subscribers is dependent to a large extent
 on growth in occupied housing in TWC’s service areas, which
 is influenced by both national and local economic conditions. If
 growth in the number of occupied homes continues to decline, it
 may negatively impact TWC’s ability to gain new basic video
 subscribers. In addition, TWC’s advertising revenues have

 29

Table of Contents

 been negatively impacted by the weakening economic conditions,
 and a continuation or further weakening of these conditions
 could lead to further reduced advertising revenue in the
 foreseeable future.

 TWC’s
 business is characterized by rapid technological change, and if
 TWC does not respond appropriately to technological changes, its
 competitive position may be harmed.

 TWC operates in a highly competitive, consumer-driven and
 rapidly changing environment and is, to a large extent,
 dependent on its ability to acquire, develop, adopt and exploit
 new and existing technologies to distinguish its services from
 those of its competitors. If TWC chooses technologies or
 equipment that are less effective, cost-efficient or attractive
 to its customers than those chosen by its competitors, or if TWC
 offers services that fail to appeal to consumers, are not
 available at competitive prices or that do not function as
 expected, TWC’s competitive position could deteriorate, and
 TWC’s business and financial results could suffer.

 The ability of TWC’s competitors to acquire or develop and
 introduce new technologies, products and services more quickly
 than TWC may adversely affect TWC’s competitive position.
 Furthermore, advances in technology, decreases in the cost of
 existing technologies or changes in competitors’ product
 and service offerings also may require TWC in the future to make
 additional research and development expenditures or to offer at
 no additional charge or at a lower price certain products and
 services TWC currently offers to customers separately or at a
 premium. In addition, the uncertainty of the costs for obtaining
 intellectual property rights from third parties could impact
 TWC’s ability to respond to technological advances in a
 timely manner.

 Significant
 unanticipated increases in the use of bandwidth-intensive
 Internet-based services could increase TWC’s
 costs.

 The rising popularity of bandwidth-intensive Internet-based
 services poses special risks for TWC’s high-speed data
 services. Examples of such services include peer-to-peer file
 sharing services, gaming services and the delivery of video via
 streaming technology and by download. If heavy usage of
 bandwidth-intensive services grows beyond TWC’s current
 expectations, TWC may need to invest more capital than currently
 anticipated to expand the bandwidth capacity of its systems or
 TWC’s customers may have a suboptimal experience when using
 TWC’s high-speed data service. In order to continue to
 provide quality service at attractive prices, TWC needs the
 continued flexibility to develop and refine business models that
 respond to changing consumer uses and demands and to manage
 bandwidth usage efficiently. TWC’s ability to do these
 things could be restricted by legislative efforts to impose
 so-called “net neutrality” requirements on cable
 operators. See “—Risks Related to Government
 Regulation—‘Net neutrality’ legislation or
 regulation could limit TWC’s ability to operate its
 high-speed data business profitably and to manage its broadband
 facilities efficiently to respond to growing bandwidth usage by
 TWC’s high-speed data customers.”

 TWC
 may encounter unforeseen difficulties as it increases the scale
 of its service offerings to commercial customers.

 TWC has sold video, high-speed data and network and transport
 services to businesses for some time and, in 2007, introduced an
 IP-based
 telephony service, Business Class Phone, geared to small-
 and medium-sized businesses. In order to provide its commercial
 customers with reliable services, TWC may need to increase
 expenditures, including spending on technology, equipment and
 personnel. If the services are not sufficiently reliable or TWC
 otherwise fails to meet commercial customers’ expectations,
 the growth of its commercial services business may be limited.
 In addition, TWC faces competition from the existing local
 telephone companies as well as from a variety of other national
 and regional business services competitors. If TWC is unable to
 successfully attract and retain commercial customers, its
 growth, financial condition and results of operations may be
 adversely affected.

 30

Table of Contents

 TWC
 relies on network and information systems and other technology,
 and a disruption or failure of such networks, systems or
 technology as a result of computer viruses, misappropriation of
 data or other malfeasance, as well as outages, natural
 disasters, accidental releases of information or similar events,
 may disrupt TWC’s business.

 Because network and information systems and other technologies
 are critical to TWC’s operating activities, network or
 information system shutdowns caused by events such as computer
 hacking, dissemination of computer viruses, worms and other
 destructive or disruptive software, denial of service attacks
 and other malicious activity, as well as power outages, natural
 disasters, terrorist attacks and similar events, pose increasing
 risks. Such an event could have an adverse impact on TWC and its
 customers, including degradation of service, service disruption,
 excessive call volume to call centers and damage to TWC’s
 plant, equipment and data. Such an event also could result in
 large expenditures necessary to repair or replace such networks
 or information systems or to protect them from similar events in
 the future. Significant incidents could result in a disruption
 of TWC’s operations, customer dissatisfaction, or a loss of
 customers or revenues.

 Furthermore, TWC’s operating activities could be subject to
 risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification
 and accidental release or loss of information maintained in
 TWC’s information technology systems and networks,
 including customer, personnel and vendor data. TWC could be
 exposed to significant costs if such risks were to materialize,
 and such events could damage the reputation and credibility of
 TWC and its business and have a negative impact on its revenues.
 TWC also could be required to expend significant capital and
 other resources to remedy any such security breach. As a result
 of the increasing awareness concerning the importance of
 safeguarding personal information, the potential misuse of such
 information and legislation that has been adopted or is being
 considered regarding the protection, privacy and security of
 personal information, information-related risks are increasing,
 particularly for businesses like TWC’s that handle a large
 amount of personal customer data.

 TWC’s
 business may be adversely affected if TWC cannot continue to
 license or enforce the intellectual property rights on which its
 business depends.

 TWC relies on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws
 and licenses and other agreements with its employees, customers,
 suppliers, and other parties, to establish and maintain its
 intellectual property rights in technology and the products and
 services used in TWC’s operations. However, any of
 TWC’s intellectual property rights could be challenged or
 invalidated, or such intellectual property rights may not be
 sufficient to permit TWC to take advantage of current industry
 trends or otherwise to provide competitive advantages, which
 could result in costly redesign efforts, discontinuance of
 certain product or service offerings or other competitive harm.
 Claims of intellectual property infringement could require TWC
 to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable
 terms, incur substantial monetary liability or be enjoined
 preliminarily or permanently from further use of the
 intellectual property in question, which could require TWC to
 change its business practices or offerings and limit its ability
 to compete effectively. Even claims without merit can be
 time-consuming and costly to defend and may divert
 management’s attention and resources away from TWC’s
 businesses. Also, because of the rapid pace of technological
 change, TWC relies on technologies developed or licensed by
 third parties, and TWC may not be able to obtain or continue to
 obtain licenses from these third parties on reasonable terms, if
 at all.

 The
 accounting treatment of goodwill and other identified
 intangibles could result in future asset impairments, which
 would be recorded as operating losses.

 Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”)
 Statement No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
 (“FAS 142”) requires that goodwill, including the
 goodwill included in the carrying value of investments accounted
 for using the equity method of accounting, and other intangible
 assets deemed to have indefinite useful lives, such as cable
 franchise rights, cease to be amortized. FAS 142 requires that
 goodwill and certain intangible assets be tested annually for
 impairment or earlier upon the occurrence of certain events or
 substantive changes in circumstances. If TWC finds that the
 carrying value of goodwill or a certain intangible asset exceeds
 its estimated fair value, it will reduce the carrying value of
 the goodwill or intangible asset to the estimated fair value,
 and TWC will recognize an impairment. Any such impairment is
 required to be recorded as a noncash operating loss.

 31

Table of Contents

 TWC’s 2008 annual impairment analysis, which was performed
 as of December 31, 2008, resulted in a noncash pretax
 impairment on its cable franchise rights of $14.822 billion, and
 as a result, the carrying values of the Company’s impaired
 cable franchise rights were re-set to their estimated fair
 values as of December 31, 2008. Consequently, any further
 decline in the estimated fair values of these cable franchise
 rights could result in additional cable franchise rights
 impairments. It is possible that such impairments, if required,
 could be material and may need to be recorded prior to the
 fourth quarter of 2009 (i.e., during an interim period) if the
 Company’s results of operations or other factors require
 such assets to be tested for impairment at an interim date. See
 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of
 Operations and Financial Condition—Critical Accounting
 Policies and Estimates—Asset Impairments—Goodwill and
 Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets” and
 “—Long-lived Assets.”

 The
 IRS and state and local tax authorities may challenge the tax
 characterizations of the Adelphia Acquisition, the Redemptions
 (as defined below) and the Exchange (as defined below), or
 TWC’s related valuations, and any successful challenge by
 the IRS or state or local tax authorities could materially
 adversely affect TWC’s tax profile, significantly increase
 TWC’s future cash tax payments and significantly reduce
 TWC’s future earnings and cash flow.

 The Adelphia Acquisition was designed to be a fully taxable
 asset sale, the redemption by TWC of Comcast’s interests in
 TWC (the “TWC Redemption”) was designed to qualify as
 a tax-free split-off under section 355 of the Internal
 Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Tax Code”), the
 redemption by TWE of Comcast’s interests in TWE (the
 “TWE Redemption” and collectively with the TWC
 Redemption, the “Redemptions”) was designed as a
 redemption of Comcast’s partnership interest in TWE, and
 the exchange between TW NY Cable and Comcast immediately after
 the Adelphia Acquisition (the “Exchange”) was designed
 as an exchange of designated cable systems. There can be no
 assurance, however, that the Internal Revenue Service (the
 “IRS”) or state or local tax authorities (collectively
 with the IRS, the “Tax Authorities”) will not
 challenge one or more of such characterizations or TWC’s
 related valuations. Such a successful challenge by the Tax
 Authorities could materially adversely affect TWC’s tax
 profile (including TWC’s ability to recognize the intended
 tax benefits from the Adelphia/Comcast Transactions),
 significantly increase TWC’s future cash tax payments and
 significantly reduce TWC’s future earnings and cash flow.
 The tax consequences of the Adelphia Acquisition, the
 Redemptions and the Exchange are complex and, in many cases,
 subject to significant uncertainties, including, but not limited
 to, uncertainties regarding the application of federal, state
 and local income tax laws to various transactions and events
 contemplated therein and regarding matters relating to valuation.

 TWC
 has incurred substantial debt, which may limit its flexibility,
 prevent it from taking advantage of business opportunities and
 negatively affect its ability to refinance existing
 debt.

 In connection with the Separation, TWC incurred
 $7.0 billion of indebtedness pursuant to the 2008 Bond
 Offerings to fund, in part, the Special Dividend and expects to
 incur additional indebtedness to fund the Special Dividend and
 expenses related to the Separation Transactions through a
 combination of borrowings under the 2008 Bridge Facility,
 additional financing in the public debt markets
 and/or
 borrowings under TWC’s $6 billion senior unsecured
 five-year revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit
 Facility”). The increased indebtedness and the terms of
 these financing arrangements and any future indebtedness will
 impose various restrictions on TWC that could limit its ability
 to respond to market conditions, provide for capital investment
 needs or take advantage of business opportunities. Also, as a
 result of TWC’s increased borrowings, its interest expense
 will be higher than it has been in the past, which will affect
 TWC’s profitability and cash flows.

 In addition, the Revolving Credit Facility and TWC’s
 $3.045 billion five-year term loan facility both mature in
 2011. At this time it is difficult to forecast the future state
 of the bank loan market. As a result of TWC’s substantial
 debt levels and the uncertain state of various financial
 institutions and the credit markets generally, TWC may be unable
 to refinance its bank facilities in the same amount and on the
 same terms as its current facilities, which could negatively
 impact its liquidity and results of operations.

 TWC is
 exposed to risks associated with turmoil in the financial
 markets.

 U.S. and global credit and equity markets have recently
 undergone significant disruption, making it difficult for many
 businesses to obtain financing on acceptable terms. In addition,
 equity markets are continuing to

 32

Table of Contents

 experience wide fluctuations in value. As a result, an
 increasing number of financial institutions and insurance
 companies have reported significant deterioration in their
 financial condition. If any of the significant lenders,
 insurance companies or other financial institutions are unable
 to perform their obligations under the Company’s credit
 agreements, insurance policies or other contracts, and the
 Company is unable to find suitable replacements on acceptable
 terms, the Company’s results of operations, liquidity and
 cash flows could be adversely affected. The Company also faces
 challenges relating to the impact of the disruption in the
 global financial markets on other parties with which the Company
 does business, such as vendors and retailers. The inability of
 these parties to obtain financing on acceptable terms could
 impair their ability to perform under their agreements with the
 Company and lead to various negative effects on the Company,
 including business disruption, decreased revenues and increases
 in bad debt write-offs. A sustained decline in the financial
 stability of these parties could have an adverse impact on
 TWC’s business and results of operations.

 Risks
 Related to Dependence on Third Parties

 Increases
 in programming and retransmission costs or the inability to
 obtain popular programming could adversely affect TWC’s
 operations, business or financial results.

 Video programming costs represent a major component of
 TWC’s expenses and are expected to continue to increase
 primarily due to the increasing cost of obtaining desirable
 programming, particularly broadcast and sports programming.
 TWC’s video service margins have declined over recent years
 and will continue to decline over the next coming years as cable
 programming and broadcast station retransmission consent cost
 increases outpace growth in video revenues. Furthermore,
 providers of desirable content may be unwilling to enter into
 distribution arrangements with TWC on acceptable terms. In
 addition, owners of non-broadcast video programming content may
 enter into exclusive distribution arrangements with TWC’s
 competitors. A failure to carry programming that is attractive
 to TWC’s subscribers could adversely impact subscription
 and advertising revenues.

 TWC
 may not be able to obtain necessary hardware, software and
 operational support.

 TWC depends on third party suppliers and licensors to supply
 some of the hardware, software and operational support necessary
 to provide some of TWC’s services. Some of TWC’s
 hardware, software and operational support vendors represent
 TWC’s sole source of supply or have, either through
 contract or as a result of intellectual property rights, a
 position of some exclusivity. If demand exceeds these
 vendors’ capacity or if these vendors experience operating
 or financial difficulties, especially in light of current
 economic and market conditions, TWC’s ability to provide
 some services might be materially adversely affected. These
 events could materially and adversely affect TWC’s ability
 to retain and attract subscribers, and have a material negative
 impact on TWC’s operations, business, financial results and
 financial condition.

 TWC has an agreement with Sprint under which it provides certain
 functions and services necessary to TWC in providing Digital
 Phone service to customers by routing voice traffic to and from
 destinations outside of TWC’s network via the public
 switched telephone network, delivering E911 service and
 assisting in local number portability and long-distance traffic
 carriage. TWC’s reliance on a single provider for these
 services may render TWC vulnerable to service disruptions and
 other operational difficulties, which could have an adverse
 effect on TWC’s business and financial results.

 TWC
 may encounter substantially increased pole attachment
 costs.

 Under federal law, TWC has the right to attach cables carrying
 video services to telephone and similar poles of investor-owned
 utilities at regulated rates. However, because these cables
 carry services other than video services, such as high-speed
 data services or new forms of voice services, some utility pole
 owners have sought to impose additional fees for pole
 attachment. The U.S. Supreme Court has rejected the efforts
 of some utility pole owners to make cable attachments carrying
 Internet traffic ineligible for regulatory protection. Pole
 owners have, however, made arguments in other areas of pole
 regulation that, if successful, could significantly increase
 TWC’s costs. In November 2007, the FCC issued a Notice of
 Proposed Rulemaking that proposes to establish a single pole
 attachment rate for all utility pole owners carrying broadband
 Internet access services that would be higher than the rate
 charged for video and cable modem service.

 33

Table of Contents

 Some of the poles TWC uses are exempt from federal regulation
 because they are owned by utility cooperatives and municipal
 entities. These entities may not renew TWC’s existing
 agreements when they expire, and they may require TWC to pay
 substantially increased fees. A number of these entities are
 currently seeking to impose substantial rate increases. Any
 inability to secure continued pole attachment agreements with
 these cooperatives or municipal utilities on commercially
 reasonable terms could cause TWC’s business, financial
 results or financial condition to suffer.

 Risks
 Related to Government Regulation

 TWC’s
 business is subject to extensive governmental regulation, which
 could adversely affect its business.

 TWC’s video and voice services are subject to extensive
 regulation at the federal, state, and local levels. In addition,
 the federal government has extended some regulation to
 high-speed data services and is considering additional
 regulations. TWC is also subject to regulation of its video
 services relating to rates, equipment, technologies,
 programming, levels and types of services, taxes and other
 charges. Modification to existing regulations or the imposition
 of new regulations could have an adverse impact on TWC’s
 services. If the Congress or regulators were to disallow the use
 of certain technologies TWC uses today or to mandate the
 implementation of other technologies, TWC’s services and
 results of operations could suffer. TWC expects that legislative
 enactments, court actions, and regulatory proceedings will
 continue to clarify and, in some cases, change the rights of
 cable companies and other entities providing video, high-speed
 data and voice services under the Communications Act and other
 laws, possibly in ways that TWC has not foreseen. The results of
 these legislative, judicial, and administrative actions may
 materially affect TWC’s business operations in areas such
 as:

 •  

 Voice Communications. Traditional providers of voice
 services generally are subject to significant state and federal
 regulations. It is unclear to what extent certain of those
 regulations (or other regulations) apply to certain providers of
 interconnected voice-over IP services, including TWC’s. In
 orders over the past several years, the FCC subjected voice-over
 IP providers to a number of regulatory obligations applicable to
 traditional voice service. To the extent that the FCC, Congress
 or individual states impose additional burdens, TWC’s
 operations could be adversely affected. See
 “Business—Regulatory Matters—Voice Services.”

 •  

 Phantom Signals. In May 2008, the
 U.S. Copyright Office (the “Copyright Office”)
 published an order stating its view that where cable operators
 carry a distant station in any portion of a “cable
 system” as defined in the Copyright Act of 1976, basic
 service revenues from all portions of such system where such
 station would be distant must be used to compute copyright
 compulsory license royalties, even if the station is not
 actually carried in such areas. The Copyright Office’s
 reading of the relevant law could significantly increase the
 Company’s costs of carrying “distant” television
 stations.

 Changes
 in broadcast carriage regulations could impose significant
 additional costs on TWC.

 Although TWC would likely choose to carry the majority of
 primary feeds of full power stations voluntarily, so-called
 “must carry” rules require TWC to carry some local
 broadcast television signals on some of its cable systems that
 it might not otherwise carry. If the FCC seeks to revise or
 expand the “must carry” rules, such as to require
 carriage of multicast streams, TWC would be forced to carry
 video programming that it would not otherwise carry and
 potentially to drop other, more popular programming in order to
 free capacity for the required programming, which could make TWC
 less competitive. Moreover, if the FCC adopts rules that are not
 competitively neutral, cable operators could be placed at a
 disadvantage versus other multi-channel video providers.

 Under
 the program carriage rules, TWC could be compelled to carry
 programming services that it would not otherwise
 carry.

 The Communications Act and the FCC’s “program
 carriage” rules restrict cable operators and MVPDs from
 unreasonably restraining the ability of an unaffiliated
 programming vendor to compete fairly by discriminating against
 the programming vendor on the basis of its non-affiliation in
 the selection, terms or conditions for carriage. The FCC’s
 Adelphia/Comcast Transactions Order imposes certain additional
 obligations related to these rules. Under a successful program
 carriage complaint, TWC might be compelled to carry programming
 services it would

 34

Table of Contents

 not otherwise carry
 and/or to do
 so on economic and other terms that it would not accept absent
 such compulsion. TWC is currently the defendant in two program
 carriage complaints. See “Business—Regulatory
 Matters—Video Services—Program access and
 Adelphia/Comcast Transactions Order.” Compelled government
 carriage could reduce TWC’s ability to carry other, more
 desirable programming and non-video services, decrease its
 ability to manage its bandwidth efficiently and increase
 TWC’s costs, adversely affecting TWC’s competitive
 position.

 “Net
 neutrality” legislation or regulation could limit
 TWC’s ability to operate its high-speed data business
 profitably and to manage its broadband facilities efficiently to
 respond to growing bandwidth usage by TWC’s high-speed data
 customers.

 Several disparate groups have adopted the term “net
 neutrality” in connection with their efforts to persuade
 Congress and regulators to adopt rules that could limit the
 ability of broadband providers to effectively manage or operate
 their broadband networks. Proponents of net neutrality advocate
 a variety of regulations, including regulations which prohibit
 broadband providers from recovering the costs of rising
 bandwidth usage from any parties other than retail customers;
 require absolute nondiscrimination for any Internet traffic; and
 require forms of “open access.”

 The average bandwidth usage of TWC’s high-speed data
 customers has been increasing significantly in recent years as
 the amount of high-bandwidth content and the number of
 applications available on the Internet continue to grow. In
 order to continue to provide quality service at attractive
 prices, TWC needs the continued flexibility to develop and
 refine business models that respond to changing consumer uses
 and demands and to manage bandwidth usage efficiently. As a
 result, depending on the form it might take, “net
 neutrality” legislation or regulation could adversely
 impact TWC’s ability to operate its high-speed data network
 profitably and to undertake the upgrades that may be needed to
 continue to provide high quality high-speed data services and
 could negatively impact its ability to compete effectively. For
 a description of current regulatory proposals, see
 “Business—Regulatory Matters—High-Speed Data
 Internet Access Services—‘Net neutrality’
 legislative and regulatory proposals.”

 If TWC
 is prohibited by regulation from using SDV technology, it may be
 forced to make costly upgrades to its system in order to remain
 competitive.

 As of December 31, 2008, TWC had deployed switched digital
 video, or SDV, technology to approximately 5.2 million
 digital video subscribers. SDV technology allows TWC to save
 bandwidth by transmitting particular programming services only
 to groups of homes or nodes where subscribers are viewing the
 programming at a particular time rather than broadcasting it to
 all subscriber homes. The FCC may interpret existing regulation
 or introduce new regulation to restrict cable operators’
 ability to use SDV technology. If TWC is prohibited by
 regulation from using SDV technology, it may have difficulty
 carrying the volume of HDTV channels and other
 bandwidth-intensive traffic carried by competitors and may be
 forced to make costly upgrades to its systems in order to remain
 competitive. See “Business—Regulatory
 Matters—Video Services—Switched digital video.”

 Rate
 regulation could materially adversely impact TWC’s
 operations, business, financial results or financial
 condition.

 Under current FCC regulations, rates for BST video service and
 associated equipment are permitted to be regulated. In many
 localities, TWC is not subject to BST video rate regulation,
 either because the local franchising authority has not asked the
 FCC for permission to regulate rates or because the FCC has
 found that there is “effective competition.” Also,
 there is currently no rate regulation for TWC’s other
 services, including high-speed data and voice services. It is
 possible, however, that the FCC or Congress will adopt more
 extensive rate regulation for TWC’s video services or
 regulate other services, such as high-speed data and voice
 services, which could impede TWC’s ability to raise rates,
 or require rate reductions, and therefore could cause TWC’s
 business, financial results or financial condition to suffer.

 TWC
 may have to pay fees in connection with its cable modem
 service.

 Local franchising authorities generally require cable operators
 to pay a franchise fee of five percent of revenue, which cable
 operators collect in turn from their subscribers. TWC has taken
 the position that under the

 35

Table of Contents

 Communications Act, local franchising authorities are allowed to
 impose a franchise fee only on revenue from “cable
 services.” Following the FCC’s March 2002
 determination that cable modem service does not constitute a
 “cable service,” TWC and most other multiple system
 operators stopped collecting and paying franchise fees on cable
 modem revenue.

 The FCC has initiated a rulemaking proceeding to explore the
 consequences of its March 2002 order. If either the FCC or a
 court were to determine that, despite the March 2002 order, TWC
 is required to pay franchise fees on cable modem revenue,
 TWC’s franchise fee burden could increase going forward.
 TWC would be permitted to collect those increased fees from its
 subscribers, but doing so could impair its competitive position
 as compared to high-speed data service providers who are not
 required to collect and pay franchise fees. TWC could also
 become liable for franchise fees back to the time TWC stopped
 paying them. TWC may not be able to recover those fees from
 subscribers. Most courts interpreting the rules, including
 several instances involving TWC, have determined that cable
 operators are not required to pay these fees on cable modem
 service.

 Applicable
 law is subject to change.

 The exact requirements of applicable law are not always clear,
 and the rules affecting TWC’s businesses are always subject
 to change. For example, the FCC may interpret its rules and
 regulations in enforcement proceedings in a manner that is
 inconsistent with the judgments TWC has made. Likewise,
 regulators and legislators at all levels of government may
 sometimes change existing rules or establish new rules.
 Congress, for example, considers new legislative requirements
 for cable operators virtually every year, and there is always a
 risk that such proposals will ultimately be enacted. In
 addition, federal, state or local governments
 and/or tax
 authorities may change tax laws, regulations or administrative
 practices that could negatively impact TWC’s operating
 results and financial condition. See
 “Business—Regulatory Matters.”

 Risks
 Related to the Separation

 TWC
 may not realize some or all of the benefits that it expects from
 the Separation.

 TWC believes that the Separation will result in several benefits
 to the Company, including increased long-term strategic,
 operational and regulatory flexibility and a more efficient
 capital structure. The Company cannot predict with certainty the
 extent to which these benefits actually will be achieved, if at
 all. Furthermore, even if some or all of these benefits are
 achieved, they may not result in the creation of value for
 TWC’s stockholders.

 If the
 Separation Transactions, including the Distribution, do not
 qualify as tax-free, either as a result of actions taken or not
 taken by TWC or as a result of the failure of certain
 representations by TWC to be true, TWC has agreed to indemnify
 Time Warner for its taxes resulting from such disqualification,
 which would be significant. In addition, the restrictions
 imposed on TWC in connection with the tax treatment of the
 Distribution could limit TWC’s ability to engage in certain
 corporate transactions.

 The Separation Transactions are conditioned upon Time
 Warner’s receipt of a private letter ruling from the IRS
 and Time Warner’s and TWC’s receipt of opinions of tax
 counsel confirming that the Separation Transactions should
 generally qualify as tax-free to Time Warner and its
 stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The
 ruling and opinions rely on certain facts, assumptions,
 representations, and undertakings from Time Warner and TWC
 regarding the past and future conduct of the companies’
 businesses and other matters. If any of these facts,
 assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or
 not otherwise satisfied, Time Warner and its stockholders may
 not be able to rely on the ruling or the opinions and could be
 subject to significant tax liabilities. Notwithstanding the
 private letter ruling and opinions, the IRS could determine on
 audit that the Separation Transactions should be treated as
 taxable transactions if it determines that any of these facts,
 assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or
 have been violated, or for other reasons, including as a result
 of significant changes in the stock ownership of Time Warner or
 TWC after the Distribution.

 Under the tax sharing agreement among Time Warner and TWC, TWC
 generally would be required to indemnify Time Warner against its
 taxes resulting from the failure of any of the Separation
 Transactions to qualify as tax-free as a result of
 (i) certain actions or failures to act by TWC or
 (ii) the failure of certain representations to be made by
 TWC to be true. Due to the potential impact of significant stock
 ownership changes on the taxability of the

 36

Table of Contents

 Separation Transactions, TWC’s indemnification obligations
 may prevent it from entering into transactions that might
 otherwise be advantageous, such as issuing equity securities to
 satisfy financing needs or acquiring businesses or assets with
 equity securities if such issuances would exceed certain
 thresholds and such actions could be considered part of a plan
 or series of related transactions that include the Distribution.

 In addition, even if TWC bears no contractual responsibility for
 taxes related to a failure of the Separation Transactions to
 qualify for their intended tax treatment, Treasury regulation
 section 1.1502-6
 imposes on TWC several liability for all Time Warner federal
 income tax obligations relating to the period during which TWC
 was a member of the Time Warner federal consolidated tax group,
 including the date of the Separation Transactions. Similar
 provisions may apply under foreign, state, or local law. Absent
 TWC causing the Separation Transactions to not qualify as
 tax-free, Time Warner has indemnified TWC against such several
 liability arising from a failure of the Separation Transactions
 to qualify for their intended tax treatment.

 Risks
 Related to TWC’s Relationship with Time Warner

 Time
 Warner controls approximately 90.6% of the voting power of
 TWC’s outstanding common stock and has the ability to elect
 a majority of TWC’s directors, and its interest may
 conflict with the interests of TWC’s other
 stockholders.

 Time Warner indirectly holds all of TWC’s outstanding
 Class B common stock and approximately 82.7% of TWC’s
 outstanding Class A common stock. The common stock held by
 Time Warner represents approximately 90.6% of TWC’s
 combined voting power and 84.0% of the total number of shares of
 capital stock outstanding of all classes of TWC’s voting
 stock. Accordingly, Time Warner can control the outcome of most
 matters submitted to a vote of TWC’s stockholders. In
 addition, Time Warner, because it is the indirect holder of all
 of TWC’s outstanding Class B common stock, and because
 it also indirectly holds a majority of TWC’s outstanding
 Class A common stock, is able to elect all of TWC’s
 directors and will continue to be able to do so as long as it
 owns a majority of TWC’s Class A common stock and
 Class B common stock. As a result of Time Warner’s
 share ownership and representation on TWC’s board of
 directors, Time Warner is able to influence all of TWC’s
 affairs and actions, including matters requiring stockholder
 approval such as the election of directors and approval of
 significant corporate transactions. The interests of Time Warner
 may differ from the interests of TWC’s other stockholders.
 The TWC Certificate of Incorporation requires that TWC’s
 board of directors include independent members, subject to
 certain limitations, and the TWC By-laws require that certain
 related party transactions be approved by a majority of these
 independent directors.

 Some
 of TWC’s officers and directors may have interests that
 diverge from TWC in favor of Time Warner because of past and
 ongoing relationships with Time Warner and its
 affiliates.

 Some of TWC’s officers and directors may experience
 conflicts of interest with respect to decisions involving
 business opportunities and similar matters that may arise in the
 ordinary course of TWC’s business or the business of Time
 Warner and its affiliates. One of TWC’s directors is an
 executive officer of Time Warner and five of TWC’s
 directors (including Glenn A. Britt, TWC’s President and
 Chief Executive Officer) served as executive officers of Time
 Warner or its predecessors in the past. A number of TWC
 directors and executive officers also have restricted shares,
 restricted stock units
 and/or
 options to purchase shares of Time Warner common stock. These
 past and ongoing relationships with Time Warner and any
 significant financial interest in Time Warner by these persons
 may present conflicts of interest that could materially
 adversely affect TWC’s business, financial results or
 financial condition. For example, these decisions could be
 materially related to:

 •  

 the nature, quality and cost of services rendered to TWC by Time
 Warner;

 •  

 the desirability of corporate opportunities, such as the entry
 into new businesses or pursuit of potential acquisitions,
 particularly those that might allow TWC to compete with Time
 Warner; and

 •  

 employee retention or recruiting.

 37

Table of Contents

 Time
 Warner and its affiliates may compete with TWC in one or more
 lines of business and may provide some services under the
 “Time Warner” brand or similar brand
 names.

 Time Warner and its affiliates are engaged in a diverse range of
 entertainment and media-related businesses, including filmed
 entertainment, home video and Internet-related businesses, and
 these businesses may have interests that conflict with or
 compete in some manner with TWC’s business. Time Warner and
 its affiliates are generally under no obligation to share any
 future business opportunities available to it with TWC and the
 TWC Certificate of Incorporation contains provisions that
 release Time Warner and its affiliates, including TWC’s
 directors who are also Time Warner’s employees or executive
 officers, from this obligation and any liability that would
 result from breach of this obligation. Time Warner may deliver
 video, high-speed data, voice and wireless services over DSL,
 satellite or other means using the “Time Warner” brand
 name or similar brand names, potentially causing confusion among
 customers and complicating TWC’s marketing efforts. Any
 competition directly with Time Warner or its affiliates could
 materially adversely impact TWC’s business, financial
 results or financial condition.

 TWC is
 currently party to agreements and, following the Separation,
 will be party to new agreements with Time Warner governing the
 use of TWC’s brand names, including the “Time Warner
 Cable” brand name, that may be terminated by Time Warner if
 TWC fails to perform its obligations under those agreements or
 if TWC undergoes a specified change of control.

 TWC is currently party to agreements with Time Warner and, has
 entered into new agreements with Time Warner that will be
 effective at the Separation, governing the use of TWC’s
 brand name. These agreements may be terminated by Time Warner if
 TWC:

 •  

 commits a significant breach of its obligations under such
 agreements;

 •  

 undergoes a specified change of control; or

 •  

 materially fails to maintain the quality standards established
 for the use of these brand names and the products and services
 related to these brand names.

 TWC licenses its brand name, “Time Warner Cable,” from
 Time Warner and the trademark “Road Runner” from an
 affiliate of Time Warner and will continue to do so following
 the Separation. If Time Warner terminates these brand name
 license agreements, TWC would lose the goodwill associated with
 its brand names and be forced to develop new brand names, which
 would likely require substantial expenditures, and TWC’s
 business, financial results or financial condition would likely
 be materially adversely affected.

 A
 change in Time Warner’s controlling interest in TWC may
 cause short-term volatility in trading volume and market price
 of TWC’s common stock.

 Time Warner currently owns approximately 84.0% of TWC’s
 common stock, which represents a 90.6% voting interest. Time
 Warner and TWC have entered into a Separation Agreement. In
 connection with the Separation Transactions, if a number of
 TWC’s resulting new stockholders chose to sell their
 shares, or if there is a perception that such sales might occur,
 it may cause short-term volatility in the trading volume and
 market price of TWC’s common stock.

 Time
 Warner’s capital markets and debt activity could adversely
 affect capital resources available to TWC.

 Prior to the Separation, TWC’s ability to obtain financing
 in the capital markets and from other private sources may be
 adversely affected by future capital markets activity undertaken
 by Time Warner and its other subsidiaries. Capital raised by or
 committed to Time Warner for matters unrelated to TWC may reduce
 the supply of capital available for TWC as a result of increased
 leverage of Time Warner on a consolidated basis or reluctance in
 the market to incur additional credit exposure to Time Warner on
 a consolidated basis. In addition, TWC’s ability to
 undertake significant capital raising activities may be
 constrained by competing capital needs of other Time Warner
 businesses unrelated to TWC. As of December 31, 2008, Time
 Warner had unused committed capacity of approximately
 $4.4 billion under its $7.0 billion committed credit
 facility, and approximately $1.2 billion of cash and
 equivalents, and TWC had approximately $5.7 billion of
 available borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit
 Facility, and approximately $5.4 billion of cash and
 equivalents.

 38

Table of Contents

 TWC is
 exempt from certain corporate governance requirements since TWC
 is a “controlled company” within the meaning of the
 NYSE rules and, as a result, its stockholders do not have the
 protections afforded by these corporate governance
 requirements.

 Time Warner controls more than 50% of the voting power of
 TWC’s outstanding common stock. As a result, TWC is
 considered to be a “controlled company” for the
 purposes of the NYSE listing requirements and therefore is
 permitted to, and has, opted out of the NYSE listing
 requirements that would otherwise require TWC’s
 compensation and nominating and governance committees to be
 comprised entirely of independent directors. Accordingly,
 TWC’s stockholders do not have the same protections
 afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of
 the NYSE corporate governance requirements. However, the TWC
 Certificate of Incorporation contains provisions requiring that
 independent directors constitute at least 50% of TWC’s
 board of directors and the TWC By-laws require that certain
 related party transactions be approved by a majority of these
 independent directors.

 As a condition to the consummation of the Adelphia Acquisition,
 TWC’s Certificate of Incorporation provides that this
 provision may not be amended, altered or repealed, and no
 provision inconsistent with this requirement may be adopted,
 until August 1, 2009 (three years following the closing of
 the Adelphia Acquisition) without, among other things, the
 consent of a majority of the holders of the Class A common
 stock other than Time Warner and its affiliates.