The risks described below and elsewhere in this annual report are not the only ones that relate to our businesses or our capitalization. The risks described below are considered to be the most material. However, there may be other unknown or unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or other factors that also could have material adverse effects on our businesses. Past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. If any of the events described below were to occur, our businesses, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 

 Relating to our Businesses

         Our historical consolidated financial information is not necessarily representative of our future financial position, future results of operations or future cash flows nor does it reflect what our financial position, results of operations or cash flows would have been as a stand-alone company during the periods presented. 

       On January 11, 2013, we were spun-off from Starz (prior to the Spin-Off, “Old LMC”). Prior to that time, we were a wholly owned subsidiary of Old LMC along with Starz LLC and its subsidiaries. As a result of the Spin-Off, our assets and those of Starz LLC were separated, we were renamed Liberty Media Corporation and Old LMC (the spinnor) was renamed Starz. Notwithstanding the legal form of the Spin-Off, in accordance with GAAP we are considered the divesting entity and treated as the "accounting successor" to Old LMC for financial reporting purposes. This is due, among other reasons, to the relative significance of our company to Old LMC (the legal spinnor) and the continued involvement of Old LMC's senior management with our company (rather than Starz) following the Spin-Off. Therefore, the historical financial statements of Old LMC (renamed Starz) continue to be our historical financial statements, and reflect Starz LLC and its subsidiaries as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements. Prior to the Spin-Off, a significant percentage of the revenue of Old LMC, and a majority of its available cash flow, was generated by Starz LLC and its subsidiaries. 

        In addition, prior to September 2011, the assets, liabilities and businesses of Old LMC were part of Liberty Interactive Corporation. Old LMC was split-off from Liberty Interactive in the third quarter of 2011. Hence, portions of our company's historical financial information were also extracted from Liberty Interactive's consolidated financial statements for the relevant periods prior to the Split-Off.

On January 18, 2013, we acquired a controlling interest in SIRIUS XM. Thus, beginning in the first quarter of 2013, our consolidated financial statements reflect SIRIUS XM as a consolidated subsidiary. Previously, we reflected our investment in SIRIUS XM as an equity method affiliate. In May 2013, we completed a transaction with certain investment funds to acquire approximately 26.9 million shares of common stock and approximately 1.1 million warrants in Charter, which represented an approximate 27% beneficial ownership in Charter at the time of purchase. Our consolidated financial statements for the period ended June 30, 2013 reflect Charter as an equity method affiliate.

As a result of the Spin-Off and the Split-Off, our consolidation of SIRIUS XM and our transaction relating to Charter, our historical financial information as presented may not necessarily reflect what our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows would have been had we existed as a separate, stand-alone entity pursuing independent strategies during the periods presented.

        We may have future capital needs and may not be able to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms.
     For the years ended December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2012, a significant portion of Liberty's reported total revenue had been generated by the businesses of Starz, LLC. Prior to the Split-Off, Starz, LLC was the second-largest generator of cash flow for Liberty's former parent company, Liberty Interactive (the largest generator being QVC, Inc., which is currently a subsidiary of Liberty Interactive). In connection with the Spin-Off, Starz, LLC distributed approximately $1.8 billion in cash to Liberty, of which $600 million was distributed in the third and fourth quarters of 2012. As a result of the Spin-Off, Liberty no longer has access to the cash flow generated by Starz, LLC. Furthermore, due to the size and nature of our consolidated subsidiaries at December 31, 2013, ANLBC and TruePosition, together with their assets and operating cash flow, would be insufficient to support any significant financing in the future. In addition, although we began consolidating SIRIUS XM in the first quarter of 2013, we do not have access to the cash flow of SIRIUS XM. Hence, our ability to obtain significant financing in the future, on favorable terms or at all, may be limited. If debt financing is not available to us in the future, we may obtain liquidity through the sale or monetization of our 

I-
16

available for sale securities, or we may issue equity securities. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of equity securities, our stockholders may experience significant dilution. If we are unable to obtain sufficient liquidity in the future, we may be unable to develop our businesses properly, complete acquisitions or otherwise take advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We may be subject to significant tax liabilities related to the Spin-Off. 
In connection with the Spin-Off, we and Starz entered into a tax sharing agreement, pursuant to which (i) we are required to indemnify Starz (subject to certain limited exceptions) for taxes and losses resulting from the failure of the Spin-Off to qualify as a tax-free transaction described under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, and (ii) Starz is required to indemnify our company, for any such taxes or losses that result primarily from the breach of certain covenants made by Starz (applicable to actions or failures to act by Starz and its subsidiaries following the completion of the Spin-Off) or that result from Section 355(e) of the Code applying to the Spin-Off as a result of the Spin-Off being part of a plan (or series of related transactions) pursuant to which one or more persons acquire a 50-percent or greater interest (measured by vote or value) in the stock of Starz (or any successor). Our indemnification obligations to Starz are not limited in amount or subject to any cap, and, to the extent we are entitled to indemnification from Starz, we are subject to the risk of non-payment by Starz of its indemnification obligations. If we are required to indemnify Starz under the circumstances set forth in the tax sharing agreement, or if Starz does not fulfill any tax or indemnification obligations relating to the Spin-Off for which it is responsible under the tax sharing agreement, we may be subject to substantial liabilities, which could materially adversely affect our financial position.

        Rapid technological advances could render the products and services offered by our subsidiaries and business affiliates obsolete or non-competitive. 
Our subsidiaries and business affiliates, including, for example, SIRIUS XM, Charter, TruePosition and Live Nation must stay abreast of rapidly evolving technological developments and offerings to remain competitive and increase the utility of their products and services. These subsidiaries and business affiliates must be able to incorporate new technologies into their products and services in order to address the needs of their customers. There can be no assurance that they will be able to compete with advancing technology, and any failure to do so could result in customers seeking alternative service providers thereby adversely impacting our revenue, operating income and net income.

        The business of SIRIUS XM depends in significant part on the operation of its satellites.
     As a satellite radio broadcaster, SIRIUS XM's business depends on the lives and proper operation of its satellites. The lives of SIRIUS XM's satellites will vary and depend on a number of factors, including degradation and durability of solar panels, quality of construction, random failure of satellite components (which could result in significant damage to or loss of a satellite), the amount of fuel the satellite consumes and damage or destruction by electrostatic storms, collisions with other objects in space or other events (such as nuclear detonations) occurring in space. In the ordinary course of operation, satellites experience failures of component parts and operational and performance anomalies. Components on SIRIUS XM's in-orbit satellites have failed, and from time to time SIRIUS XM has experienced anomalies in the operation and performance of these satellites. These failures and anomalies are expected to continue in the ordinary course, and SIRIUS XM cannot predict if any of these possible future events will have a material adverse effect on its operations or the life of its existing in-orbit satellites. Any material failure of its satellites could cause SIRIUS XM to lose customers and could materially harm SIRIUS XM's reputation and operating results. SIRIUS XM maintains in-orbit insurance policies covering only three of its satellites (its XM-5, FM-5 and FM-6 satellites). 

       Interruption or failure of SIRIUS XM's information technology and communications systems could negatively impact its results and brand, and therefore the value of our investment in SIRIUS XM.
 SIRIUS XM's business is dependent on the operation and availability of its information technology and communication systems and those of certain third party service providers. Any degradation in the quality, or any failure, of SIRIUS XM's systems (due to events such as unplanned outages, natural disasters, technical difficulties or loss of data or processing capabilities) could reduce its revenues, cause it to lose customers and damage its brand. Although SIRIUS XM has implemented practices designed to maintain the availability of its information technology systems and mitigate the harm of any unplanned interruptions, and SIRIUS XM cannot anticipate all eventualities and unplanned outages and technical difficulties are occasionally experienced. In addition, SIRIUS XM relies on internal systems and external systems maintained by manufacturers, distributors and service providers to take, fulfill and handle customer service requests and host certain online activities. Any interruption or failure of SIRIUS XM's internal or external systems could prevent SIRIUS XM from serving customers or cause data to be unintentionally disclosed.

I-
17

 Our subsidiaries and business affiliates are subject to risks of adverse government regulation.
     Providers of internet, telephone, cable and satellite service are subject to varying degrees of regulation in the United States by the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") and other entities and in foreign countries by similar regulators. Such regulation and legislation are subject to the political process and have been in constant flux over the past decade. For example, SIRIUS XM holds various FCC licenses and authorizations to operate commercial satellite radio services in the United States, which are generally granted for a fixed term, and although SIRIUS XM expects that such licenses and authorizations will be renewed in the ordinary course upon their expiration, there can be no assurance that this will be the case. Non-compliance by SIRIUS XM with the FCC's requirements or other conditions or with other applicable FCC rules and regulations could result in fines, additional license conditions, license revocation or other detrimental FCC actions. Charter holds various cable franchises that are generally granted for fixed terms and must be periodically renewed. Franchising authorities may resist granting a renewal if either past performance or the prospective operating proposal is considered inadequate. Franchise authorities often demand concessions or other commitments as a condition to renewal. In addition, each of SIRIUS XM and Charter is subject to various consumer protection laws, rules and regulations, which are extensive and have developed rapidly, particularly at the state level, and, in the case of SIRIUS XM, in certain jurisdictions, cover nearly all aspects of SIRIUS XM's marketing efforts, including the content of its advertising, the terms of consumer offers and the manner in which it communicates with existing and prospective subscribers. Material changes in the law and regulatory requirements must be anticipated, and there can be no assurance that the businesses and assets of our subsidiaries and business affiliates will not become subject to increased expenses or more stringent restrictions as a result of any future legislation, new regulation or deregulation.

        The success of SIRIUS XM, Charter and Live Nation, in part, depends on audience acceptance of their programs and services, which is difficult to predict.
     Entertainment content production, satellite radio services, cable services and live entertainment events are inherently risky businesses because the revenue derived from these businesses depends primarily upon the public's acceptance of these programs and services, which is difficult to predict. The commercial success of a satellite radio program, cable program or live entertainment production depends upon the quality and acceptance of competing programs, the availability of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure time activities, general economic conditions and other tangible and intangible factors, many of which are difficult to predict. In the case of ad-supported programming and satellite radio service, audience size is an important factor when advertising rates are negotiated. Audience size is also an important factor when determining ticket pricing for live entertainment productions. Consequently, low public acceptance of the programs and services offered by SIRIUS XM, Charter and Live Nation could hurt the ability of these companies to maintain rates charged to customers, subscribers and, as applicable, advertisers.

Certain of our subsidiaries and business affiliates depend on the performance of, and their relationships, with various third parties. 
An important component of the success of our subsidiaries and business affiliates, including in particular our consolidated subsidiary SIRIUS XM, is the ability to maintain existing, as well as build new, relationships with third parties, such as: 

•

manufacturers that build and distribute satellite radios; 

•

companies that manufacture and sell integrated circuits for satellite radios; 

•

programming providers and on-air talent; 

•

vendors that operate call centers;

•

retailers that market and sell satellite radios and promote subscriptions to our services; and 

•

vendors that have designed or built and vendors that support or operate other important elements of our systems. 

If one or more of these third parties do not perform in a satisfactory or timely manner, our businesses could be adversely affected. In addition, a number of third parties on which these businesses depend have experienced, and may in the future experience, financial difficulties or file for bankruptcy protection. Such third parties may not be able to perform their obligations in a timely manner, if at all, as a result of their financial condition or may be relieved of their obligations to us as part of seeking bankruptcy protection. In addition, SIRIUS XM, in particular, designs, establishes specifications for and manages various aspects of the logistics and production of radios. As a result of these activities, SIRIUS XM may be exposed to liabilities associated with the design, manufacture and distribution of radios that the providers of an entertainment service would not customarily be subject to, such as liabilities for design defects, patent infringement and compliance with applicable laws, as well as the costs of returned product.

I-
18

The businesses of our subsidiaries and business affiliates may be impaired by third-party intellectual property rights. 

Development of the business systems of our subsidiaries and business affiliates has depended upon the intellectual property developed by them, as well as intellectual property licensed from third parties. If the intellectual property developed or used by them is not adequately protected, others will be permitted to and may duplicate portions of these systems or services without liability. In addition, others may challenge, invalidate, render unenforceable or circumvent the intellectual property rights, patents or existing licenses of our subsidiaries and business affiliates or they may face significant legal costs in connection with defending and enforcing those intellectual property rights. Some of the know-how and technology so developed, and to be developed, is not now, nor will it be, covered by U.S. patents or trade secret protections. Trade secret protection and contractual agreements may not provide adequate protection if there is any unauthorized use or disclosure. The loss of necessary technologies could require our subsidiaries and business affiliates to substitute technologies of lower quality performance standards, at greater cost or on a delayed basis, which could harm their businesses. 

Other parties may have patents or pending patent applications, which will later mature into patents or inventions that may block the ability of our subsidiaries and business affiliates to operate their systems or license technologies. They may have to resort to litigation to enforce rights under license agreements or to determine the scope and validity of other parties' proprietary rights in the subject matter of those licenses. This may be expensive and they may not succeed in any such litigation. 

Third parties may assert claims or bring suit against our subsidiaries and business affiliates for patent, trademark or copyright infringement, or for other infringement or misappropriation of intellectual property rights. Any such litigation could result in substantial cost, and diversion of effort and adverse findings in any proceeding could subject our subsidiaries and business affiliates to significant liabilities to third parties; require them to seek licenses from third parties; block their ability to operate their systems or license their technology; or otherwise adversely affect their ability to successfully develop and market their products and services.

The ability of SIRIUS XM to attract and retain subscribers at a profitable level in the future is uncertain. 
SIRIUS XM spends substantial amounts on advertising and marketing and in transactions with automakers, retailers and others to obtain and attract subscribers, and its ability to retain subscribers, or increase the number of subscribers to its service, in any given period is subject to many factors, including the price of SIRIUS XM's service, the health of the economy, the production and sale of new vehicles in the United States, the rate at which existing self-pay customers buy and sell new and used vehicles in the United States, including the extent to which existing self-pay subscribers buy and sell new and used vehicles which include an unpaid trial, SIRIUS XM's ability to convince owners and lessees of new and previously owned vehicles that include satellite radios to purchase subscriptions to its service, the effectiveness of its marketing programs, the entertainment value of its programming, and actions by its competitors, such as terrestrial and Internet radio and other audio entertainment and information providers. As part of SIRIUS XM's business, SIRIUS XM experiences, and expects to experience in the future, subscriber turnover (i.e., churn). Some elements of SIRIUS XM’s business strategy may result in churn increasing. For example, its efforts to increase the penetration of satellite radios in new, lower priced vehicle lines may result in the growth of economy-minded subscribers; its work to acquire subscribers purchasing or leasing pre-owned vehicles may attract subscribers of more limited economic means; and its product and marketing efforts may attract more price sensitive subscribers. If SIRIUS XM is unable to retain current subscribers at expected rates, or the costs of retaining subscribers are higher than expected, its financial performance and operating results could be adversely affected. SIRIUS XM cannot predict how successful it will be at retaining customers who purchase or lease vehicles that include a prepaid promotional subscription to its satellite radio service. SIRIUS XM spends substantial amounts on advertising and marketing and in transactions with automakers, retailers and others to obtain and attract subscribers. Average monthly revenue per subscriber, or ARPU, is another key metric used by SIRIUS XM to analyze its business. Over the past several years, SIRIUS XM has focused substantial attention and efforts on balancing ARPU and subscriber additions. Its ability to increase or maintain ARPU over time is uncertain and depends upon various factors, including the value customers perceive in SIRIUS XM's service, SIRIUS XM's ability to add and retain compelling programming, the increasing competition SIRIUS XM experiences from terrestrial radio and other audio entertainment and information providers, and pricing and other offers SIRIUS XM may make to attract new subscribers and retain existing subscribers. If SIRIUS XM is unable to consistently attract new subscribers, and retain its current subscribers, at a sufficient level of revenues to be profitable, the value of its common stock could decline, and without sufficient cash flow it may not be able to make the required payments on its indebtedness and could ultimately default on its commitments.

The unfavorable outcome of pending or future litigation against SIRIUS XM could have a material adverse effect. 
SIRIUS XM is a party to several legal proceedings arising out of various aspects of SIRIUS XM’s business, including patent infringement suits, class action lawsuits alleging violations of consumer protection statute suits seeking compensation for its use of sound recordings fixed prior to 1972 and actions seeking damages for purported violations of the TCPA. SIRIUS XM is defending all 

I-
19

claims against itself. The outcome of these proceedings may not be favorable, and an unfavorable outcome may have a material adverse effect on SIRIUS XM’s business or financial results.

Our subsidiaries and business affiliates, such as SIRIUS XM and Charter, may not realize the benefits of acquisitions or other strategic initiatives. 
The business strategy of our subsidiaries and business affiliates, including SIRIUS XM and Charter, may include selective acquisitions or other strategic initiatives that allow them to expand their business. The success of any acquisitions, including, in the case of SIRIUS XM, the acquisition of Agero, Inc.’s connected vehicle business, depends on effective integration of acquired businesses and assets into the acquiror’s operations, which is subject to risks and uncertainties, including realization of any anticipated synergies and cost savings, the ability to retain and attract personnel, the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns, and undisclosed or potential legal liabilities of acquired businesses or assets.

        Continuingly weak economic conditions may reduce consumer demand for our products and services. 
A weak economy in the United States could adversely affect demand for our products and services. A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from discretionary spending by individuals, which typically falls during times of economic instability. A reduction in discretionary spending could adversely affect revenue through potential downgrades by satellite and cable television subscribers and satellite radio subscribers, affecting SIRIUS XM and Charter, reduced live-entertainment expenditures, affecting Live Nation and ANLBC, and a slowdown in auto sales (which is an important source of satellite radio subscribers), affecting SIRIUS XM. Accordingly, our ability to increase or maintain revenue and earnings could be adversely affected to the extent that relevant economic environments remain weak or decline further. We currently are unable to predict the extent of any of these potential adverse effects.

        The business of SIRIUS XM depends in large part upon the auto industry.
     A substantial portion of SIRIUS XM's new subscription growth has come from purchasers and lessees of new and previously owned automobiles in the United States. The sale and lease of vehicles with satellite radios is an important source of subscribers for its satellite radio service. SIRIUS XM has agreements with every major automaker to include satellite radios in new vehicles, although these agreements do not require automakers to install specific or minimum quantities of radios in any given period. Automotive production and sales are dependent on many factors, including the availability of consumer credit, general economic conditions, consumer confidence and fuel costs. To the extent vehicles sales by automakers decline or the penetration of factory-installed satellite radios in those vehicles is reduced, subscriber growth for SIRIUS XM's satellite radio services may be adversely impacted. Sales of previously owned vehicles represent an increasing source of new subscribers for SIRIUS XM. SIRIUS XM has agreements with various auto dealers and certain companies operating in the used vehicle market to provide it with data on sales of previously owned satellite radio enabled vehicles. The continuing availability of this information is important to SIRIUS XM’s future growth.

The indebtedness of our subsidiaries and business affiliates, including SIRIUS XM and Charter, could adversely affect their operations and could limit their ability to react to changes in the economy or their respective industries.
 Our subsidiaries and business affiliates have significant indebtedness. As of December 31, 2013, SIRIUS XM had outstanding an aggregate principal amount of approximately $3.6 billion of indebtedness and an additional $790 million available under its senior secured revolving credit facility with a syndicate of financial institutions. Similarly, as of December 31, 2013, Charter had outstanding an aggregate principal amount of approximately $
[14.4 billion]
 of indebtedness. These debt levels have important consequences. Carrying significant debt loads can increase a company’s vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, require it to dedicate a portion of its cash flow from operations to payments on indebtedness, reduce the availability of cash flow to fund capital expenditures, marketing and other general corporate activities, limit its ability to borrow additional funds or make capital expenditures, limit its flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business and its industry, and may place it at a competitive disadvantage compared to other competitors. In addition, the instruments governing such indebtedness, including SIRIUS XM's indebtedness, often contain covenants that, among other things, place certain limitations on the ability to incur more debt, exceed a specified leverage ratio, pay dividends, make distributions, make investments, repurchase stock, create liens, enter into transactions with affiliates, enter into sale lease-back transactions, merge or consolidate, and transfer or sell assets. Failure to comply with such covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could cause the applicable subsidiaries or business affiliates to seek the protection of the bankruptcy laws, discontinue operations or seek a purchaser for its business or assets.

We have substantial debt held above the operating subsidiary level, and we could be unable in the future to obtain cash in amounts sufficient to service that debt and our other financial obligations.
 As of December 31, 2013, we had $1.9 billion principal amount of corporate-level debt outstanding. Our ability to meet our financial obligations will depend on our ability to access cash. Our sources of cash include our available cash balances, net cash from operating activities of our wholly-owned 

I-
20

subsidiaries, dividends and interest from our investments, monetization of our public investment portfolio and proceeds from asset sales. Further, the ability of our operating subsidiaries to pay dividends or to make other payments or advances to us depends on their individual operating results, any statutory, regulatory or contractual restrictions to which they may be or may become subject and the terms of their own indebtedness, including SIRIUS XM's senior notes and credit facility. The agreements governing such indebtedness restrict sales of assets and prohibit or limit the payment of dividends or the making of distributions, loans or advances to stockholders, non-wholly owned subsidiaries or our partners. We generally do not receive cash, in the form of dividends, loans, advances or otherwise, from our business affiliates. 

       Royalties for music rights, which are paid by SIRIUS XM, and programming costs, which are paid by Charter, have increased and there can be no assurance that they will not continue to increase in the future. 
SIRIUS XM must maintain music programming royalty arrangements with, and pay license fees to BMI, ASCAP and SESAC. These organizations negotiate with copyright users, collect royalties and distribute them to songwriters and music publishers. SIRIUS XM has agreements with ASCAP, BMI and SESAC through 2016. There can be no assurance that the royalties SIRIUS XM pays to ASCAP, SESAC, BMI and other songwriters and music publishers will not increase upon expiration of these arrangements. Under the Digital Performance Right in Sound Recordings Act of 1995 and the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, SIRIUS XM also must pay royalties to copyright owners of sound recordings. Those royalty rates may by established through negotiation or, if negotiation is unsuccessful, by the Copyright Royalty Board ("CRB"). Owners of copyrights in sound recordings have created SoundExchange, a collective organization to collect and distribute royalties. SoundExchange is exempt by statute from certain U.S. antitrust laws and exercises significant market power in the licensing of sound recordings. Under the terms of the CRB's decision governing sound recording royalties for the five-year period ending on December 31, 2017, SIRIUS XM will pay a royalty based on gross revenues, subject to certain exclusions, of 9.5% for 2014, 10.0% for 2015, 10.5% for 2016, and 11% for 2017. 

Programming has been, and is expected to continue to be, Charter’s largest operating expense item. In recent years, the cable industry has experienced a rapid escalation in the cost of programming. Charter expects programming costs to continue to increase because of a variety of factors including amounts paid for retransmission consent, annual increases imposed by programmers with additional selling power as a result of media consolidation and the acquisition of new programming, including new sports services and programming for on-line and OnDemand platforms. 

Our subsidiaries and business affiliates, in particular SIRIUS XM and Charter, face substantial competition, which may increase over time.
     SIRIUS XM faces substantial competition from other providers of music and talk radio and other audio services and its ability to retain and attract customers is based on its successful programming. SIRIUS XM's subscribers can obtain similar content through terrestrial radio or Internet radio services, and a number of automakers and aftermarket manufacturers have introduced factory-installed radios capable of accessing internet-delivered auto entertainment and connecting to Internet-delivered content on smartphones. Such competition could lower subscription, advertising or other revenue or increase expenses related to marketing, promotion or other expenses, which would lower SIRIUS XM's earnings and free cash flow. 

Charter faces competition for both residential and commercial customers in the areas of price, service offerings, and service reliability. Charter’s principal competitors for video services are direct broadcast satellite, including DirecTV and DISH Network, and telephone companies that offer video and other services, including AT&T and Verizon. With respect to its Internet access services, Charter faces competition, including intensive marketing efforts and aggressive pricing, from telephone companies, primarily AT&T, Century Link and Verizon, and other providers of DSL, fiber-to-the-node and fiber-to-the-home services. Charter could face additional competition from multi-channel video providers if they began distributing video over the Internet to customers residing outside their current territories. Charter’s telephone service competes directly with incumbent telephone companies and other carriers, including Internet-based VoIP providers, for both residential and commercial voice service customers. 

The success of SIRIUS XM, Charter and Live Nation, in part, depends on the integrity of their systems and infrastructures and the protection of consumer data.
   The businesses of SIRIUS XM, Charter and Live Nation involve the receipt and storage of personal information about consumers. While the receipt and storage of such information is subject to regulation by international, federal and state law, and although SIRIUS XM, Charter and Live Nation may take steps to protect personal information, these companies could experience a data security breach, which could result in a disruption of operations and potential violations of applicable privacy laws and other laws or standards which could result in fines, penalties and/or the loss of consumer trust.

I-
21

        We do not have the right to manage our business affiliates, which means we are not able to cause those affiliates to operate in a manner that is favorable to us.
 We do not have the right to manage the businesses or affairs of any of our business affiliates (those companies in which we have less than a majority voting stake), including Charter and Live Nation. Rather, our rights take the form of representation on the board of directors and, in some cases, board committees that supervise management and possession of veto rights over certain significant or extraordinary actions. The scope of our veto rights varies from company to company. Although our board representation and veto rights may enable us to exercise influence over the management or policies of a business affiliate, enable us to prevent the sale of material assets by a business affiliate or prevent a business affiliate from paying dividends or making distributions to its stockholders or partners, they will not enable us to cause these actions to be taken.

         Our equity method investments may have a material impact on our net earnings.
     We have investments in Charter, Live Nation and other business affiliates, which we account for under the equity method of accounting. At December 31, 2013, Charter and Live Nation were treated as equity affiliates. Under the equity method, we report our proportionate share of the net earnings or losses of our equity affiliates in our statement of operations under "share of earnings (losses) of affiliates," which contributes to our earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes. If the earnings or losses of our equity affiliates is material in any year, those earnings or losses may have a material effect on our net earnings. Notwithstanding the impact on our net earnings, we do not have the ability to cause our equity affiliates to pay dividends or make other payments or advances to their stockholders, including us. In addition, our investments in Charter and Live Nation are in publicly traded securities which are not reflected at fair value on our balance sheet and are also subject to market risk that is not directly reflected in our statement of operations.

The liquidity and value of our public investments may be affected by market conditions beyond our control that could cause us to record losses for declines in their market value. 
Included among our assets are equity interests in one or more publicly-traded companies that are not consolidated subsidiaries or equity affiliates, such as Barnes & Noble Inc., Time Warner Inc., Time Warner Cable Inc. and Viacom, Inc. As of December 31, 2013, the market value of these investments totaled $1.2 billion. The value of these interests may be affected by economic and market conditions that are beyond our control and changes in the value of these investments may affect our financial results. In addition, our ability to liquidate these interests without adversely affecting their aggregate value may be limited.

        No assurance can be made that we will be successful in integrating any acquired businesses.
     Our businesses and those of our subsidiaries may grow through acquisitions in selected markets. Integration of new businesses may present significant challenges, including: realizing economies of scale; eliminating duplicative overhead; and integrating networks, financial systems and operational systems. No assurance can be made that, with respect to any acquisition, we will realize anticipated benefits or successfully integrate any acquired business with our existing operations. In addition, while we intend to implement appropriate controls and procedures as we integrate acquired companies, we may not be able to certify as to the effectiveness of these companies' disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting (as required by U.S. federal securities laws and regulations) until we have fully integrated them.

Risk Factors Relating to Ownership of Our Common Stock

Transactions in our common stock by our insiders could depress the market price of our common stock.
     Sales of or hedging transactions, such as collars, in our shares by our Chairman of the Board or any of our other directors or executive officers could cause a perception in the marketplace that our stock price has peaked or that adverse events or trends have occurred or may be occurring at our company. This perception could result notwithstanding any personal financial motivation for these insider transactions. As a result, insider transactions could depress the market price for shares of one or more series of our common stock.

Our company has overlapping directors and management with Liberty Interactive and our President is Chairman of the Board of Starz, which may lead to conflicting interests.
     As a result of the Spin-Off and the Split-Off, most of the executive officers of Liberty also serve as executive officers of Liberty Interactive, and there is significant board overlap between our company and Liberty Interactive. Following the Spin-Off, John C. Malone is the Chairman of the Board of our company and Liberty Interactive. Gregory B. Maffei is the Chief Executive Officer of our company and Liberty Interactive and serves on the boards of directors of each of our company, Liberty Interactive and Starz, where he serves as the Chairman of the Board of Starz. None of Liberty, Starz or Liberty Interactive has any ownership interest in any of the others. Our executive officers and members of our company's board of directors have fiduciary duties to our stockholders. Likewise, any such persons who serve in similar capacities at Liberty Interactive or Starz have fiduciary duties to that company's stockholders. Therefore, such persons may have conflicts of interest or the appearance of conflicts of interest with respect to matters involving or affecting more than one of the companies 

I-
22

to which they owe fiduciary duties. For example, there may be the potential for a conflict of interest when Liberty or Liberty Interactive looks at acquisitions and other corporate opportunities that may be suitable for each of them. Moreover, most of our company's directors and officers continue to own Starz and Liberty Interactive stock and options to purchase Starz stock and Liberty Interactive stock. These ownership interests could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest when the applicable individuals are faced with decisions that could have different implications for our company, Starz and/or Liberty Interactive. Any potential conflict that qualifies as a "related party transaction" (as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) is subject to review by an independent committee of the applicable issuer's board of directors in accordance with its corporate governance guidelines. Any other potential conflicts that arise will be addressed on a case-by-case basis, keeping in mind the applicable fiduciary duties owed by the executive officers and directors of each issuer. From time to time, we may enter into transactions with Liberty Interactive or Starz and/or their subsidiaries or other affiliates. There can be no assurance that the terms of any such transactions will be as favorable to our company, Starz, Liberty Interactive or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates as would be the case where there is no overlapping officer or director.

        Holders of a single series of our common stock may not have any remedies if an action by our directors has an adverse effect on only that series of our common stock.
     Principles of Delaware law and the provisions of our certificate of incorporation may protect decisions of our board of directors that have a disparate impact upon holders of any single series of our common stock. Under Delaware law, the board of directors has a duty to act with due care and in the best interests of all of our stockholders, including the holders of all series of our common stock. Principles of Delaware law established in cases involving differing treatment of multiple classes or series of stock provide that a board of directors owes an equal duty to all common stockholders regardless of class or series and does not have separate or additional duties to any group of stockholders. As a result, in some circumstances, our directors may be required to make a decision that is viewed as adverse to the holders of one series of our common stock. Under the principles of Delaware law and the business judgment rule, holders may not be able to successfully challenge decisions that they believe have a disparate impact upon the holders of one series of our stock if our board of directors is disinterested and independent with respect to the action taken, is adequately informed with respect to the action taken and acts in good faith and in the honest belief that the board is acting in the best interest of all of our stockholders.

It may be difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so may be beneficial to our stockholders.
     Certain provisions of our restated charter and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company that a stockholder may consider favorable. These provisions include:

•

authorizing a capital structure with multiple series of common stock, a Series B common stock that entitles the holders to ten votes per share, a Series A common stock that entitles the holder to one vote per share, and a Series C common stock that, except as otherwise required by applicable law, entitles the holder to no voting rights; 

•

classifying our board of directors with staggered three-year terms, which may lengthen the time required to gain control of our board of directors; 

•

limiting who may call special meetings of stockholders; 

•

prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, thereby requiring all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders; 

•

establishing advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings;

•

requiring stockholder approval by holders of at least 66 
2

 / 
3
 % of our aggregate voting power or the approval by at least 75% of our board of directors with respect to certain extraordinary matters, such as a merger or consolidation of our company, a sale of all or substantially all of our assets or an amendment to our restated charter; and 

•

the existence of authorized and unissued stock, including "blank check" preferred stock, which could be issued by our board of directors to persons friendly to our then current management, thereby protecting the continuity 

I-
23

of our management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to obtain control of our company.

        In addition, our chairman, John C. Malone, beneficially owns shares representing the power to direct approximately 47% of the aggregate voting power in our company, due to his beneficial ownership of approximately 96% of the outstanding shares of Liberty Series B common stock as of January 31, 2014.