. 

RISKS RELATING TO TIME WARNER GENERALLY 

The Company
must respond to recent and future changes in technology and consumer behavior to remain competitive and continue to increase its revenues.
    Technology used in the entertainment and media industry continues to evolve
rapidly, and advances in that technology have led to alternative methods for the distribution, storage and consumption of content. These technological developments have driven and reinforced changes in consumer behavior as consumers seek more
control over when, where and how they consume content digitally. For example, consumer electronics innovations have enabled consumers to view Internet-delivered content on televisions, computers, tablets, smartphones and other mobile electronic
devices. These changes in technology and consumer behavior have resulted in a number of challenges and risks for the Company and other content owners and aggregators. For example, technological developments may disrupt traditional distribution
platforms by enabling content owners to provide content directly to distributors and consumers, thus bypassing traditional content aggregators such as the Company’s networks. New delivery platforms could also lead to the loss of distribution
control and direct relationships with consumers if distribution on a delivery platform is controlled by a limited number of companies. In addition, the availability of content on multiple platforms may reduce the value or shorten the lifespan of
that content on traditional distribution platforms, including in subsequent distribution windows. The Company’s failure to protect the value of its content while adapting to emerging technologies and changes in consumer behavior could have a
significant adverse effect on the Company’s businesses and results of operations. Furthermore, new technology or business initiatives supported by the Company may not be embraced by consumers, advertisers or others in the media and
entertainment industry, which could have a significant adverse effect on the Company’s competitive position and its businesses. 

23 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

The Company faces risks relating to increasing competition for the
leisure and entertainment time and discretionary spending of consumers due in part to technological developments and changes in consumer behavior.    
The Company’s businesses compete with each other and all other
sources of entertainment, news and other information, including feature films, television, premium pay television services, SVOD services, the Internet, home video products, videogames, social networking, print media, live sports and other events
and radio broadcasts, for consumers’ leisure and entertainment time and discretionary spending. Technological developments, such as tablets and other mobile electronic devices, VOD, new video formats and Internet-delivered content, have
increased the number of media and entertainment choices available to consumers and intensified the challenges posed by audience fragmentation. Furthermore, the increasing number of leisure and entertainment choices available to consumers, including
low-cost or free choices, new technologies that allow consumers to make and store digital copies of programming and the increasing availability of programming online, could negatively affect consumer demand for the Company’s content, products
and services, the prices content aggregators are willing to pay to license the Company’s content and advertising rates and demand. 

The popularity of the Company’s content is difficult to predict, can change rapidly and could lead to fluctuations in the Company’s revenues, and low public acceptance of the
Company’s content may adversely affect its results of operations.    
The production and distribution of feature films, television programming, videogames, magazines and other content are inherently risky businesses,
largely because the revenues derived from the production, distribution and sale or licensing of such content depend primarily on widespread public acceptance, which is difficult to predict. Furthermore, many of the Company’s businesses
increasingly depend on the acceptance of their content and products by consumers outside the U.S., and their success therefore depends on the popularity of such content and products in many countries and territories. In addition, the Company must
invest substantial amounts in the production of feature films, programming for its networks and premium pay television services and the development of videogames before it learns whether these feature films, programs and products will reach
anticipated levels of popularity with consumers. The Film and TV Entertainment segment also faces increasing pressure to develop successful new franchises or build on existing brands by leveraging existing intellectual property, including through
the development of sequels. As more television networks, premium pay television services and SVOD services produce and acquire more programming, the Networks segment’s businesses face increasing pressure to produce and acquire more compelling
programming and to optimize their mix of acquired, original and sports programming. 

The popularity of the
Company’s content depends on many factors, only some of which are within the Company’s control. Examples include the quality and public acceptance of competing content (including locally produced content) available or released at or near
the same time, the availability of alternative forms of leisure and entertainment time activities, the Company’s ability to maintain or develop strong brand awareness and target key audience demographics, the number and success of third-party
retail promotional partnerships, marketing by affiliates, and the Company’s ability to successfully anticipate and adapt to changes in consumer tastes and behavior in many countries and territories on a timely basis. If the Company is not able
to create and distribute content that is popular with consumers and attractive to advertisers and affiliates, the Company’s revenues may decline or fail to grow to the extent the Company anticipates when making investment decisions. 

The popularity of the Company’s content is reflected in: 

•

 the theatrical performance of the Film and TV Entertainment segment’s feature films, 

•

 the ratings for the television programming produced by the Film and TV Entertainment segment and the television programming aired by the Turner
Networks, 

•

 the demand for television programming produced by the Film and TV Entertainment segment from syndication outlets and SVOD services,

•

 sales of the Film and TV Entertainment and Networks segments’ home video releases and the Film and TV Entertainment segment’s videogames,

•

 the number of subscribers to the Networks segment’s premium pay television services, 

•

 the Publishing segment’s magazine circulation, and 

•

 the number of unique visitors to the Company’s websites. 

The underperformance of a feature film, particularly an “event” film (which typically has high production and marketing costs)
or a feature film that is part of a franchise, can have an adverse impact on the Company’s results 

24 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

of operations in both the year of release and in the future. Historically, there has been a correlation between a feature film’s domestic box office success and international box office
success, as well as a correlation between box office success and success in subsequent distribution channels. Consequently, the underperformance of a feature film at the box office may adversely affect revenues from other distribution channels, such
as home entertainment, premium pay television services, and sales of videogames and licensed consumer products based on such film. In addition, due to the decline in the sales of DVDs, the success of a feature film is much more dependent on public
acceptance at the box office. A decline in the ratings or audience delivery of the television programming produced by the Film and TV Entertainment segment or aired on the Turner Networks can negatively affect subscription revenues, license fees,
syndication results, advertising demand and rates and a network’s distribution potential. For Home Box Office, a decline in the popularity of its television programming can negatively affect subscription revenues and content sales as well as
the distribution potential of its premium pay television services. For the Publishing segment, a decline in the popularity of its magazines can negatively affect subscription and advertising revenues. 

The Company’s businesses operate in highly competitive industries, and the failure to compete successfully may
have an adverse effect on the Company’s businesses or results of operations.
    The Company’s businesses face intense competition in the U.S. and other countries from many different sources, including numerous
direct competitors and other media, including the Internet and pirated content. Consolidation and vertical integration in the U.S. and international entertainment and media industry have resulted in increased competition for the Company, and
additional consolidation or vertical integration in the future would further intensify competition. For instance, consolidation among cable system operators, satellite service distributors, telephone companies and other distributors has resulted in
them having greater negotiating power, and increased vertical integration of such affiliates could adversely affect the Networks segment’s ability to maintain or obtain distribution and/or marketing for its networks and premium pay television
services on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. The ability of the Company’s businesses to compete successfully depends on many factors, including their ability to provide high-quality popular content, adapt to and exploit technological
developments, respond to changes in consumer behavior and achieve widespread distribution, and there can be no assurance that the Company and its businesses will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or potential
competitors. 

The Company is exposed to risks associated with weak domestic and global economic
conditions and increased volatility and disruption in the financial markets.
    The Company has been adversely affected by weak domestic and global economic conditions in the recent past, and it will be adversely affected
in the future if such conditions continue. Factors that affect economic conditions include the level of household formation, the rate of unemployment, the level of consumer confidence and changes in consumer spending habits. The Company also faces
risks associated with the impact of weak domestic and global economic conditions on third parties such as advertisers, affiliates, suppliers, retailers, insurers, theater operators and other parties with which it does business. For example, if
retailers file for reorganization under bankruptcy laws or otherwise experience negative effects on their businesses due to volatile or weak economic conditions, it could reduce the number of outlets for the Company’s DVDs, Blu-ray Discs and
magazines and otherwise negatively affect the Company’s businesses or operating results. 

Certain of the
Company’s operations are conducted in foreign currencies, and the value of these currencies fluctuates relative to the U.S. dollar. As a result, the Company is exposed to exchange rate fluctuations, which in the past have had, and in the
future could have, an adverse effect on its results of operations in a given period. The foregoing risks could increase significantly if one or more countries in the European Monetary Union stop recognizing the Euro and instead issue national
currencies or if there is a break-up of the European Monetary Union or a departure of one or more countries from the Union. Any such developments in Europe could also adversely affect consumer confidence and potentially increase the costs of goods
and services in some countries, which would adversely affect the Company’s businesses. 

Increased
volatility and disruptions in the financial markets also could make it more difficult and more expensive for the Company to refinance outstanding indebtedness and obtain new financing. In addition, the adoption of new statutes and regulations, the
implementation of recently enacted laws or new interpretations or the enforcement of older laws and regulations applicable to the financial markets or the financial services 

25 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

industry could result in a reduction in the amount of available credit or an increase in the cost of credit. Disruptions in the financial markets can also adversely affect the Company’s
lenders, insurers, customers and counterparties, including vendors, retailers and film co-financing partners. For instance, the inability of the Company’s counterparties to obtain capital on acceptable terms could impair their ability to
perform under their agreements with the Company and lead to various negative effects on the Company, including business disruptions, decreased revenues, increases in bad debt expenses and, in the case of film co-financing partners, greater risk to
the Company with respect to the performance of its feature films. 

A decline in advertising expenditures
or further deterioration in advertising market conditions or other factors that adversely impact advertising could cause the Company’s revenues and operating results to decline.
    The Company derives substantial
revenues from the sale of advertising on its networks, syndicated programming, magazines and online properties, and a decrease in advertising expenditures overall or reduced demand for the Company’s offerings could lead to a reduction in the
amount of advertising companies are willing to purchase from the Company and the price at which they purchase it. Expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting domestic and global economic conditions, as well as budgeting and buying
patterns. If the economic prospects of advertisers worsen or the current economic conditions persist or worsen, such conditions could alter current or prospective advertisers’ spending priorities. For example, corporate marketing cutbacks due
to weak economic conditions could result in upfront advertising purchases being cancelled. Declines in consumer spending due to weak economic conditions could also indirectly negatively impact the Company’s advertising revenues by causing
downward pricing pressure on advertising because advertisers may not perceive as much value from advertising if consumers are purchasing fewer of their products or services. 

Other factors in addition to weak economic conditions could adversely affect advertising expenditures, including decreases
in the size of audiences and a shift away from print advertising. Advertising sales and rates are dependent on audience size, and advertisers’ willingness to purchase advertising from the Company may be adversely affected by a decline in
audience ratings or the number of unique visitors at the Networks segment’s websites or a decline in circulation, magazine readership or the number of unique visitors at the Publishing segment’s websites. If audience levels decline
significantly, the Networks segment’s cable networks generally will be required to provide additional advertising units to advertisers to reach agreed upon audience thresholds. This may result in the cable networks having less inventory
available to sell to other advertisers or to use to promote their own programming. Advertising expenditures also could be negatively affected by other factors, such as shifting societal norms, pressure from public interest groups and changes in laws
and regulations. In addition, natural disasters (including extreme weather), acts of terrorism, political uncertainty or hostilities could lead to a reduction in advertising expenditures as a result of factors including uninterrupted news coverage
and economic uncertainty. 

Changing methods of content consumption, including the advent of time-shifted and
on-demand viewing on new platforms, require audience measurement methodologies to evolve accordingly. The inability to capture the total viewership of the Company’s programming on all platforms could adversely affect the Company’s ability
to fully monetize its advertising inventory. In addition, the advent of tablet editions of magazines is shifting how consumers interact with magazines and how the audience for tablet editions of magazines is measured, which could negatively impact
the Publishing segment’s advertising revenues. 

The Company faces risks relating to doing business
internationally that could adversely affect its businesses and operating results.
    The Company’s businesses operate and serve customers worldwide, and the Company is focused on expanding its international
operations in key territories, including through acquisitions and other strategic investments. The failure to achieve sufficient scale in these territories could negatively affect the Company’s ability to compete in these territories. In
addition, there are risks inherent in doing business internationally, including: 

•

 issues related to integrating and managing international operations; 

•

 issues related to managing investments in companies organized or formed under the laws of foreign countries; 

•

 potentially adverse tax developments; 

•

 lack of sufficient protection for intellectual property in a particular country; 

26 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

•

 currency exchange and export controls; 

•

 the existence in some countries of statutory shareholder minority rights and restrictions on foreign direct ownership; 

•

 the existence of quotas; 

•

 issues related to occupational safety and adherence to diverse local labor laws and regulations; 

•

 political or social unrest; 

•

 higher than anticipated costs of entry; 

•

 the presence of corruption in certain countries; 

•

 the absence of good diplomatic relations between the U.S. and certain countries; and 

•

 the potential for government appropriation of the Company’s assets. 

One or more of these factors could harm the Company’s international operations and its operating results. 

Piracy of the Company’s content may decrease the revenues received from the exploitation of its content and
adversely affect its businesses and profitability.
    The piracy of the Company’s content, products and other intellectual property in the U.S. and other countries poses significant challenges for the
Company’s businesses. Technological developments have made it easier to create, transmit and distribute high quality unauthorized copies of content in unprotected digital formats, which has in turn encouraged the creation of highly scalable
businesses that facilitate, and in many instances financially benefit from, such piracy. These technological developments have also made the enforcement of intellectual property rights more challenging. The proliferation of unauthorized copies and
piracy of the Company’s content, products and intellectual property or the products it licenses from third parties could result in a reduction of the revenues that the Company receives from the legitimate sale, licensing and distribution of its
content and products. Piracy is particularly prevalent in many parts of the world that lack effective copyright and technical legal protections or enforcement measures, and illegitimate operators based in these parts of the world can attract users
from anywhere in the world. The Company devotes substantial resources to protecting its content, products and intellectual property, but there can be no assurance that the Company’s efforts to enforce its rights and combat piracy will be
successful. 

The Company’s businesses may suffer if it cannot continue to license or enforce the
intellectual property rights on which its businesses depend.
    The Company relies on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws and licenses and other agreements with its employees, customers, suppliers and other
parties to establish and maintain its intellectual property rights in content, technology and products and services used to conduct its businesses. However, the Company’s intellectual property rights, and its ability to license and exploit them
in accordance with past custom and practice, could be challenged or invalidated, it could have difficulty protecting or obtaining such rights or the rights may not be sufficient to permit it to take advantage of business opportunities, which could
result in costly redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain product and service offerings or other competitive harm. The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers plans to expand the Internet and has accepted over 1,900 applications for
new generic top level domains (
i.e., the names that appear to the right of the period in domain names, such as .com, .net and .org), which could significantly change the structure of the Internet and make it significantly more expensive for
the Company to protect its intellectual property on the Internet. Further, the laws of certain countries may not protect the Company’s proprietary rights or such laws may not be strictly enforced, and the Company may be unable to protect its
intellectual property adequately against unauthorized copying or use in certain countries. In addition, there are legislative and regulatory efforts under review in certain international territories, which, if successful, could reduce the protection
for the Company’s intellectual property and limit its ability to license its content. 

The Company
has been, and may be in the future, subject to claims of intellectual property infringement, which could require the Company to change its business practices.
    Successful challenges to the Company’s intellectual
property could require the Company to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question. This
could require the Company to change its business practices and limit its ability to compete effectively. Even if the Company believes that claims of intellectual property infringement are without merit, defending against the claims can be
time-consuming and costly and divert management’s attention and resources away from its businesses. 

27 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

The Company’s businesses are subject to labor
interruption.
    The Company and certain of its suppliers retain the services of writers, directors, actors, athletes, technicians, trade employees and others involved in the development and production of feature films,
television and digital programming and magazines who are covered by collective bargaining agreements. If the Company or its suppliers are unable to renew expiring collective bargaining agreements, it is possible that the affected unions could take
actions in the form of strikes, work slowdowns or work stoppages. Collective bargaining agreements with the American Federation of Musicians and the Newspaper Guild of New York expire in early 2013 and agreements with the Writers Guild of America,
West Inc., the Writers Guild of America, East Inc., the Directors Guild of America and SAG-AFTRA expire in mid-2014. 

Strikes, work slowdowns or work stoppages or the possibility of such actions and attempts to unionize could cause delays in the production or the release dates of the Company’s feature films,
television and digital programming and magazines. The Company could also incur higher costs from such actions, new collective bargaining agreements or the renewal of collective bargaining agreements on less favorable terms. Many of the
Company’s collective bargaining agreements are industry-wide agreements, and the Company may lack practical control over the negotiations and terms of these agreements. Union or labor disputes or player lock-outs relating to professional sports
leagues for which the Networks segment has the rights to produce and telecast live games or events may preclude the Networks segment from telecasting scheduled games or events, which could have a negative impact on the Networks segment’s
revenues. Further, the loss of television programming due to such disputes could negatively impact the segment’s promotional and marketing opportunities. Depending on its duration, such a labor dispute could have an adverse effect on the
Company’s businesses or results of operations. 

A disruption or failure of the Company’s or its
vendors’ information systems and networks as a result of computer viruses, misappropriation of data or other malfeasance, natural disasters (including extreme weather), accidental releases of information or other similar events, may disrupt the
Company’s businesses, damage its reputation or have a negative impact on its revenues.
    Because information systems, networks and other technologies are critical to many of the Company’s operating activities,
shutdowns or service disruptions at the Company or vendors that provide information systems, networks or services to the Company pose increasing risks. Such disruptions may be caused by events such as computer hacking, dissemination of computer
viruses, worms and other destructive or disruptive software, denial of service attacks and other malicious activity, as well as power outages, natural disasters (including extreme weather), terrorist attacks, or other similar events. Such events
could have an adverse impact on the Company and its customers, including degradation or disruption of service and damage to equipment and data. Significant incidents could result in a disruption of the Company’s operations, customer or
advertiser dissatisfaction, damage to the Company’s reputation or a loss of customers or revenues. 

The
Company and its businesses also could be subject to risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or intentional or accidental release or loss of information maintained in the information systems and networks of the Company and
its third party vendors, including personnel, customer and vendor confidential data. The Company could be exposed to significant costs if such risks were to materialize. In addition, such events could result in violations of data privacy laws and
regulations. Such events could also damage the reputation and credibility of the Company and its businesses and negatively impact its revenues and results of operations. The Company could be required to expend significant amounts of money and other
resources to remedy any such security breach or to repair or replace information systems or networks. The Company also could be subject to regulatory actions and claims made by consumers in private litigation involving privacy issues related to
consumer data collection and use practices, including claims for misuse or inappropriate disclosure of data, as well as unfair or deceptive practices. 

Although the Company develops and maintains systems to prevent these events from occurring, the development and maintenance of these systems is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as
technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. Moreover, despite the Company’s efforts, the possibility of these events occurring cannot be eliminated entirely. As the Company distributes more of its
content digitally, engages in more electronic transactions with consumers, outsources more of its information systems to third-party vendors and relies on more cloud-based information systems, the related security risks will increase and the Company
will need to expend additional resources to protect its technology and information systems, which could have an adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations. 

28 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

The Company’s businesses are subject to regulation in the
U.S. and internationally, which could cause the Company to incur additional costs or liabilities or disrupt its business practices.
    The Company’s businesses are subject to a variety of U.S. and
international laws and regulations. See Item 1, “Business — Regulatory Matters,” for a description of significant federal, state, local and international laws, regulations, inquiries and regulatory proceedings affecting the
growth and operation of the Company’s businesses. The Company could incur substantial costs to comply with new laws or regulations or substantial penalties or other liabilities if it fails to comply with them. Compliance with new laws or
regulations also could cause the Company to change or limit its business practices in a manner that is adverse to its businesses. In addition, if there are changes in laws or regulations that provide protections that the Company relies on in
conducting its business, they could subject the Company to greater risk of liability and could increase compliance costs or limit the Company’s ability to operate certain lines of business. 

The Company’s enterprise efficiency initiatives present various risks, including that the Company may not
realize the financial and strategic goals relating to the initiatives.    
The Company has launched multi-year enterprise efficiency initiatives to deliver certain business support services (
e.g., real estate and
certain information technology and human resources functions) centrally to the Company’s divisions. In connection with these initiatives, the Company may incur greater than anticipated expenses, fail to realize anticipated benefits, experience
business disruptions or have difficulty executing the initiatives. 

If the AOL Separation or the TWC
Separation is determined to be taxable for income tax purposes, Time Warner and/or Time Warner’s stockholders who received shares of AOL or TWC in connection with the spin-offs could incur significant income tax
liabilities.
    In connection with the legal and structural separation of AOL Inc. (“AOL”) from the Company in December 2009 (the “AOL Separation”), Time Warner received an opinion of counsel
confirming that the AOL Separation will not result in the recognition, for U.S. Federal income tax purposes, of gain or loss to Time Warner or its stockholders, except to the extent of cash received in lieu of fractional shares. In connection
with the legal and structural separation of Time Warner Cable Inc. (“TWC”) from the Company in March 2009 (the “TWC Separation”), Time Warner received a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”)
and opinions of counsel confirming that the TWC Separation should not result in the recognition, for U.S. Federal income tax purposes, of gain or loss to Time Warner or its stockholders, except to the extent of cash received in lieu of
fractional shares. The IRS ruling and the opinions received in connection with these transactions were based on, among other things, certain facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings made by Time Warner and by AOL or TWC, as applicable.
If any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings is incorrect or not otherwise satisfied, Time Warner and its stockholders may not be able to rely on the relevant IRS ruling or opinion and could be subject to significant tax
liabilities. Furthermore, opinions of counsel are not binding on the IRS or state or local tax authorities or the courts, and a tax authority or court could determine that the AOL Separation or the TWC Separation should be treated as a taxable
transaction. Under the tax matters agreement that Time Warner entered into with AOL, Time Warner is entitled to indemnification from AOL for taxes resulting from the failure of the AOL Separation to qualify as tax-free (“AOL Transaction
Taxes”) as a result of (i) certain actions or failures to act by AOL or (ii) the failure of certain representations made by AOL to be true. Similarly, under the tax matters agreement that Time Warner entered into with TWC, Time Warner
is entitled to indemnification from TWC for taxes resulting from the failure of the TWC Separation to qualify as tax-free (“TWC Transaction Taxes” and, together with the AOL Transaction Taxes, the “Transaction Taxes”) as a result
of (i) certain actions or failures to act by TWC or (ii) the failure of certain representations made by TWC to be true. However, under these tax matters agreements, if Transaction Taxes are incurred for any other reason, Time Warner would
not be entitled to indemnification. 

29 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

RISKS RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S NETWORKS BUSINESSES 

The failure to renew affiliate agreements on favorable terms or the inability to renew affiliate agreements could
cause the revenues of the Networks segment to decline

.
    The Networks segment depends on agreements with affiliates for the distribution of its networks and premium pay television services, and there can be
no assurance that these affiliate agreements will be renewed in the future on terms that are acceptable to the Networks segment. The inability to renew affiliate agreements or the renewal of affiliate agreements on less favorable terms may adversely
affect the segment’s results of operations. In addition, the loss of carriage on the most widely penetrated programming tiers, including as a result of an affiliate’s creation of lower-priced video packages or tiers or genre-based packages
that do not include the segment’s networks, could reduce the distribution of the segment’s programming and adversely affect its advertising and subscription revenues. 

The inability of the Networks segment to acquire or produce popular programming on acceptable terms could adversely
affect the segment’s operating results.
    Turner obtains a significant portion of its programming, such as motion pictures, television series and sports events, from movie studios, television production companies
and sports organizations. Home Box Office has agreements with certain movie studios that provide it with the exclusive rights to exhibit the studios’ original feature films during specified time periods, or windows. Competition for popular
programming is intense, and the growing number of SVOD services has increased the competition for programming. The businesses in the segment may have to increase the price they are willing to pay to avoid being outbid by their competitors for the
rights to programming or in connection with the renewal of programming they currently license, and the cost to license such programming may increase due to such competition. The cost may also increase as companies seek window exclusivity rights for
acquired programming or the right to exhibit programming on new distribution platforms. The segment also produces programming and it incurs costs for creative talent, including actors, writers and producers, as well as costs relating to development
and marketing. The increased amount of original programming being aired by cable networks and, to a lesser extent, SVOD services could increase costs for talent due to increased competition for their services. The segment also incurs significant
additional costs, such as newsgathering costs. The segment’s failure to generate sufficient revenues to offset increases in the costs associated with acquiring programming or producing original programming may lead to decreased profits at the
segment. 

The loss of subscribers could adversely affect the results of operations and future revenue
growth at the Networks segment.
    If the current weak economic conditions such as stagnant household formation and high unemployment rates persist or deteriorate further, or retail video service rates charged by
affiliates continue to increase, subscribers may cancel their video service subscriptions, reduce the number of services they subscribe to or elect to subscribe to a lower-priced tier that may not include all of the segment’s networks and
premium pay television services. In addition, technological developments and changes in consumer behavior, particularly among younger consumers, could result in such consumers choosing not to subscribe to multichannel video services. The segment
also faces increasing competition from SVOD services. If consumers elect to utilize these services as an alternative to video services provided by affiliates, the segment’s networks and premium pay television services may experience a lack of
growth or declines in subscribers. In addition, if affiliates reduce their marketing efforts associated with the segment’s premium pay television services, choose to promote their own movie and television programming or on-demand offerings in
lieu of the segment’s premium pay television services or change the programming packages that contain the segment’s networks and premium pay televisions services, the number of subscribers to such networks and services could decline. A
decrease in the number of an affiliate’s subscribers or the number of subscribers to the segment’s networks and premium pay television services could result in a decrease in subscription revenues, as well as a decrease in advertising
revenues for the segment’s advertising-supported networks. 

Service disruptions or the failure of
communication satellites or transmitter facilities used by the Networks segment could harm the businesses in the segment or have a negative impact on their revenues.
    The Networks segment uses communication and
transmitter facilities to transmit its programming to affiliates. Currently, there are a limited number of communications satellites available for the transmission of programming. These satellites and facilities are critical to the segment’s
ability to deliver its programming, and shutdowns or service disruptions pose significant risks to the segment’s businesses and their reputations. Such 

30 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

events may be caused by power outages, natural disasters (including extreme weather), terrorist attacks, failures or impairments of communications satellites or on-ground uplinks or downlinks
used to transmit programming, or other similar events. 

RISKS RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S FILM AND TV ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESSES 

Sales of DVDs have been declining, which may adversely affect Warner Bros.’ growth
prospects and results of operations.
    Several factors are contributing to an industry-wide decline in DVD sales both domestically and internationally, which has had an adverse effect on Warner Bros.’ results of
operations. These factors include challenging economic conditions, the maturation of the standard definition DVD format, piracy, intense competition for consumer discretionary spending and leisure and entertainment time, the declining popularity of
catalog titles and declining price points. In addition, consumers are increasingly obtaining content through subscription rental (including SVOD services) and discount rental kiosks, both of which generate significantly less revenue for Warner Bros.
than DVD sales. Warner Bros.’ efforts to offset the decline in DVD sales (
e.g., Blu-ray Disc sales, sales of digital copies of feature films and establishing longer rental windows) and its efforts to make digital ownership of films more
compelling to consumers may not be successful or it may be several years before consumers accept these offerings. 

A decrease in demand for television programming could adversely affect Warner Bros.’ revenues.
    Warner Bros. is a leading supplier of U.S.-produced scripted
television programming as well as a leader in distributing U.S.-produced episodic programming overseas. Warner Bros. continues to be largely dependent on the strength of the U.S. broadcast and cable networks and their demand for Warner Bros.’
television programming. If there is a decrease in the demand for Warner Bros.’ television programming, it could reduce the number of new television series launched each year, decrease the overall scale of Warner Bros.’ television business
or diminish the per-episode license fees generated by programming in initial broadcast windows and in subsequent syndication windows. Furthermore, vertically integrated networks could elect to buy more shows from their in-house production studios,
driven in part by their desire to have more control over digital rights. Additionally, Warner Bros.’ television series that are already on the air may fail to meet ratings expectations, leading to their cancellation. This may be caused by
individual series failing to achieve anticipated levels of popularity with intended audiences or by audience fragmentation. Local television stations may also face decreasing viewership that would adversely impact their advertising revenues. This
could harm Warner Bros.’ ability to obtain the per-episode license fees in syndication that it has received in the past. In international territories, the increasing popularity of locally originated television and theatrical content could
result in decreased demand, fewer available broadcast slots, and lower licensing and syndication revenues for U.S. television content. In addition, the consolidation of pay television content providers in international territories has provided
them greater negotiating power, which may result in lower licensing fees. 

If the costs of producing and
marketing feature films continue to increase, it may be more difficult for feature films to generate profits.
    The production and marketing of feature films is very expensive and the cost has increased in recent years.
The trend toward producing more event films, including franchise films (which often entail higher talent costs for films later in the series), could result in even higher production costs. If production and marketing costs continue to increase, it
may make it more difficult for the segment’s feature films to generate profits. Also, if film production incentives, such as subsidies and rebates, currently offered in certain U.S. states and international territories (particularly the
U.K.) are reduced or discontinued, Warner Bros.’ capital requirements for film production could increase significantly. 

RISKS RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S PUBLISHING BUSINESSES 

The Publishing segment’s results of operations could be adversely affected if print advertising and newsstand
sales continue to decline.    
The Publishing segment has been experiencing declines in print advertising and newsstand sales at certain of its magazines as a result of market conditions in the magazine publishing industry
as well as the current economic environment. The segment is pursuing a number of initiatives to help mitigate the impact of these declines. If these market and economic conditions continue or worsen or if the segment’s initiatives are not
successful in mitigating the impact of these declines, the segment’s results of operations could be adversely affected. 

31 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

The Publishing segment’s results of operations could be adversely
affected as a result of additional increases in postal rates, and its business and results of operations could be negatively affected by other changes in postal service.
    The U.S. Postal Service’s financial
condition continues to decline. In 2012, the Postal Service closed 46 of its mail processing centers and announced plans to close additional processing centers in 2013 and 2014, which will result in slower delivery of first class mail and
periodicals mail. In February 2013, the Postal Service announced that it plans to stop delivering mail on Saturdays beginning August 1, 2013. Additional measures taken to address the declining financial condition of the Postal Service could
include increases to the rates for periodicals mail and local post office closures. If significant additional post office and mail processing center closures occur, Congress fails to act to address the Postal Service’s declining financial
condition or the Postal Service stops delivering mail on Saturday, the segment’s business could be adversely affected. In addition, postage is a significant operating expense for the segment, and if there are significant increases in postal
rates and the segment is not able to offset such increases, the segment’s results of operations could be negatively impacted. 

The Publishing segment could face increased costs and business disruption from instability in the U.S. wholesaler distribution channel.
    The Publishing segment
operates a national distribution business that relies on wholesalers to distribute its magazines to newsstands and other retail outlets. A small number of wholesalers are responsible for a substantial percentage of the wholesale magazine
distribution business in the U.S. In light of the economic climate and its impact on retailers, there may be consolidation among the wholesalers and one or more may become insolvent or unable to pay amounts due in a timely manner. Distribution
channel disruptions can temporarily impede the Publishing segment’s ability to distribute magazines to the retail marketplace, which could, among other things, negatively affect the ability of certain magazines to meet the rate base established
with advertisers. Continued disruption in the wholesaler channel, an increase in wholesaler costs or the failure of wholesalers to pay amounts due could adversely affect the Publishing segment’s operating income or cash flow. 

A significant increase in the price of paper or significant disruptions in the Publishing segment’s supply of
paper would have an adverse effect on the segment’s business and results of operations

.    Paper represents a significant component of the Publishing segment’s total costs to produce magazines. The price
of paper has historically been volatile and may increase as a result of various factors, including: 

•

 a reduction in the number of suppliers due to restructurings, bankruptcies and consolidations; 

•

 declining paper supply due to paper mill closures; and 

•

 other factors that generally adversely impact supplier profitability, including increases in operating expenses caused by rising raw material and
energy costs. 

If paper prices increase significantly or the segment experiences significant
paper supply channel disruptions, the segment’s business and results of operations would be adversely affected.