The risks described below and elsewhere in this annual report are not the only ones that relate to our businesses or our capitalization. The risks described below are considered to be the most material. However, there may be other unknown or unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or other factors that also could have material adverse effects on our businesses. Past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. If any of the events described below were to occur, our businesses, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows could be materially adversely affected.

 Relating to our Businesses

 Our historical consolidated financial information is not necessarily representative of our future financial position, future results of operations or future cash flows nor does it reflect what our financial position, results of operations or cash flows would have been as a stand-alone company during the periods presented.     
On January 11, 2013, we were spun-off (the “Starz Spin-Off”) from Starz (prior to the Starz Spin-Off, “Old LMC”).  Prior to that time, we were a wholly owned subsidiary of Old LMC along with Starz, LLC and its subsidiaries.  As a result of the Starz Spin-Off, our assets and those of Starz, LLC were separated, we were renamed Liberty Media Corporation and Old LMC (the spinnor) was renamed Starz.  Notwithstanding the legal form of the Starz Spin-Off, in accordance with GAAP we are considered the divesting entity and treated as the "accounting successor" to Old LMC for financial reporting purposes. This is due, among other reasons, to the relative significance of our company to Old LMC (the legal spinnor) and the continued involvement of Old LMC's senior management with our company (rather than Starz) following the Starz Spin-Off. Therefore, the historical financial statements of Old LMC (renamed Starz) continue to be our historical financial statements, and reflect Starz, LLC and its subsidiaries as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements. Prior to the Starz Spin-Off, a significant percentage of the revenue of Old LMC, and a majority of its available cash flow, was generated by Starz, LLC and its subsidiaries.

 On January 18, 2013, we acquired a controlling interest in SIRIUS XM. Thus, beginning in the first quarter of 2013, our consolidated financial statements reflect SIRIUS XM as a consolidated subsidiary. Previously, we reflected our investment in SIRIUS XM as an equity method affiliate. In May 2013, we completed a transaction with certain investment funds to acquire approximately 26.9 million shares of common stock and approximately 1.1 million warrants in Charter
 Communication, Inc. (“Charter”)
, which represented an approximate 27% beneficial ownership in Charter at the time of purchase. Subsequent to this transaction, our consolidated financial statements reflected Charter as an equity method affiliate. On November 4, 2014, we completed the spin-off (the “Broadband Spin-Off”) of our wholly owned subsidiary, Liberty Broadband Corporation (“Liberty Broadband”), which held, and currently holds, our former interest in Charter, our former subsidiary TruePosition, minority interests in Time Warner Cable, certain deferred tax liabilities, liabilities related to Time Warner Cable call options and corporate level net debt. 

 As a result of the foregoing transactions, our historical financial information as presented may not necessarily reflect what our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows would have been had we existed as a separate, stand-alone entity pursuing independent strategies during the periods presented.

 We may have future capital needs and may not be able to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms.     
For the year ended December 31, 2012, a significant portion of Liberty's reported total revenue had been generated by the businesses of Starz, LLC. Prior to the Split-Off
,
 Starz, LLC was the second-largest generator of cash flow for Liberty's former parent company, Liberty Interactive (the largest generator being QVC, Inc., which is currently a subsidiary of Liberty Interactive).  In connection with the Starz Spin-Off, Starz, LLC distributed approximately $1.8 billion in cash to Liberty, of which $600 million was distributed in the third and fourth quarters of 2012. As a result of the Starz Spin-Off in January 2013, Liberty ceased to have access to the cash flow generated by Starz, LLC. At December 31, 2014, our only wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary is ANLBC, which, due to its size and nature, together with its assets and operating cash flow, would be insufficient to support any significant financing in the future. Although we received a distribution of approximately $300 million in cash from Liberty Broadband in connection with the Broadband Spin-Off, this was a one-time distribution and no further cash will be accessible from Liberty Broadband. In addition, although we began consolidating SIRIUS XM in the first quarter of 2013, we do not have ready access to the cash flow of SIRIUS XM due to SIRIUS XM being a separate public company and the significant noncontrolling interest. Hence, our ability to obtain 

 I-
14

 Table of Contents

significant financing in the future, on favorable terms or at all, may be limited. If debt financing is not available to us in the future, we may obtain liquidity through the sale or monetization of our available for sale securities, or we may issue equity securities. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of equity securities, our stockholders may experience significant dilution. If we are unable to obtain sufficient liquidity in the future, we may be unable to develop our businesses properly, complete acquisitions or otherwise take advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

 We may be subject to significant tax liabilities related to the Broadband Spin-Off.     
In connection with the Broadband Spin-Off, we received an opinion of tax counsel to the effect that the Broadband Spin-Off will qualify as a tax-free transaction to our company and our stockholders under Section 355, Section 368(a)(1)(D) and related provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), except with respect to the receipt of cash in lieu of fractional shares.  An opinion of tax counsel is not binding on the 
Internal Revenue Service (“
IRS
”)
 or the courts, and the conclusions expressed in such opinion could be challenged by the IRS, and a court could sustain such challenge. 
In December 2014, the IRS completed its review of the Broadband Spin-Off and notified Liberty that it agreed with the nontaxable characterization of the transaction.
 If it is determined, for whatever reason, that the Broadband Spin-Off does not qualify for tax-free treatment, our company and/or our stockholders could incur significant tax liabilities.  

 Prior to the Broadband Spin-Off, we entered into a tax sharing agreement with Liberty Broadband.  Under this agreement, our company is generally responsible for any taxes and losses resulting from the failure of the Broadband Spin-Off to qualify as a tax-free transaction; however, Liberty Broadband is required to indemnify our company for any taxes and losses which (i) result primarily from, individually or in the aggregate, the breach of certain covenants made by Liberty Broadband (applicable to actions or failures to act by Liberty Broadband and its subsidiaries following the completion of the Broadband Spin-Off), or (ii) result from the application of Section 355(e) of the Code to the Broadband Spin-Off as a result of the treatment of the Broadband Spin-Off as part of a plan (or series of related transactions) pursuant to which one or more persons acquire, directly or indirectly, a 50-percent or greater interest (measured by either vote or value) in the stock of Liberty Broadband or any successor corporation.  As the taxpaying entity, however, we are subject to the risk of non-payment by Liberty Broadband of its indemnification obligations under the tax sharing agreement. 

 To preserve the tax-free treatment of the Broadband Spin-Off, we may determine to forego certain transactions that might have otherwise been advantageous to our company, including certain asset dispositions or other strategic transactions for some period of time following the Broadband Spin-Off.  In addition, our potential tax liabilities related to the Broadband Spin-Off might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control transaction for some period of time fo
llowing the Broadband Spin-Off.

 Rapid technological advances could render the products and services offered by our businesses obsolete or non-competitive.     
Our businesses, including, for example, SIRIUS XM and Live Nation must stay abreast of rapidly evolving technological developments and offerings to remain competitive and increase the utility of their products and services. These businesses must be able to incorporate new technologies into their products and services in order to address the needs of their customers. There can be no assurance that they will be able to compete with advancing technology, and any failure to do so could result in customers seeking alternative service providers thereby adversely impacting our revenue, operating income and net income.

 The business of SIRIUS XM depends in significant part on the operation of its satellites.
     As a satellite radio broadcaster, SIRIUS XM's business depends on the lives and proper operation of its satellites. The lives of SIRIUS XM's satellites will vary and depend on a number of factors, including degradation and durability of solar panels, quality of construction, random failure of satellite components (which could result in significant damage to or loss of a satellite), the amount of fuel the satellite consumes and damage or destruction by electrostatic storms, collisions with other objects in space or other events (such as nuclear detonations) occurring in space.  In the ordinary course of operation, satellites experience failures of component parts and operational and performance anomalies.  Components on SIRIUS XM's in-orbit satellites have failed, and from time to time SIRIUS XM has experienced anomalies in the operation and performance of these satellites.  These failures and anomalies are expected to continue in the ordinary course, and SIRIUS XM cannot predict if any of these possible future events will have a material adverse effect on its operations or the life of its existing in-orbit satellites. Any material failure of its satellites could cause SIRIUS XM to lose customers and could materially 

 I-
15

 Table of Contents

harm SIRIUS XM's reputation and operating results. SIRIUS XM maintains 
no
 in-orbit insurance 
for its satellites other than for
 one of its satellites (its XM-5 satellite), which will expire in 2015.

 In addition, SIRIUS XM’s network of terrestrial repeaters communicates with a single third-party satellite.  Its XM network of terrestrial repeaters communicates with a single XM satellite.  If the satellites communicating with the applicable repeater network fail unexpectedly, the services would be disrupted for several hours or longer.

 Interruption or failure of SIRIUS XM's information technology and communications systems could negatively impact its results and brand, and therefore the value of our investment in SIRIUS XM.     
SIRIUS XM's business is dependent on the operation and availability of its information technology and communication systems and those of certain third party service providers.  Any degradation in the quality, or any failure, of SIRIUS XM's systems 
(due to events such as unplanned outages, natural disasters, terrorist activities, technical difficulties or loss of data or processing capabilities) 
could reduce its revenues, cause it to lose customers and damage its brand.  
SIRIUS XM could also experience loss of data or processing capabilities, which could cause SIRIUS XM to lose customers and could materially harm SIRIUS XM’s reputation and operating results. 
Although SIRIUS XM has implemented practices designed to maintain the availability of its information technology systems and mitigate the harm of any unplanned interruptions, SIRIUS XM cannot anticipate all eventualities and unplanned outages and technical difficulties are occasionally experienced. In addition, SIRIUS XM relies on internal systems and external systems maintained by manufacturers, distributors and service providers to take, fulfill and handle customer service requests and host certain online activities.  Any interruption or failure of SIRIUS XM's internal or external systems could prevent SIRIUS XM from serving customers or cause data to be unintentionally disclosed.

 Our businesses are subject to risks of adverse government regulation.
     Providers of satellite service are subject to varying degrees of regulation in the United States by the FCC and other entities and in foreign countries by similar regulators. Such regulation and legislation are subject to the political process and have been in constant flux over the past decade.  For example, SIRIUS XM holds various FCC licenses and authorizations to operate commercial satellite radio services in the United States, which are generally granted for a fixed term, and although SIRIUS XM expects that such licenses and authorizations will be renewed in the ordinary course upon their expiration, there can be no assurance that this will be the case.  Non-compliance by SIRIUS XM with the FCC's requirements or other conditions or with other applicable FCC rules and regulations could result in fines, additional license conditions, license revocation or other detrimental FCC actions. 
SIRIUS XM also relies on the FCC to assist it in preventing harmful interference to its service. The development of new applications and services in spectrum adjacent to the frequencies licensed to SIRIUS XM for satellite radio and ancillary services, as well as the possible distortion caused by the combination of signals in other frequencies, could cause harmful interference to its satellite radio service. Certain operations or combination of operations permitted by the FCC in spectrum, other than SIRIUS XM’s licensed frequencies, could result in distortion to its service and the reception of its satellite radio service could be adversely affected in certain areas.    

 In addition, SIRIUS XM is subject to various consumer protection laws, rules and regulations, which are extensive and have developed rapidly, particularly at the state level, and, in certain jurisdictions, cover nearly all aspects of SIRIUS XM's marketing efforts, including the content of its advertising, the terms of consumer offers and the manner in which it communicates with existing and prospective subscribers. 
From time to time, SIRIUS XM is subject to certain claims under the Telephone Consumer Protection Act relating to telephone calls its vendors make to subscribers and trial subscribers, including calls to consumer’s mobile phones. 
Material changes in the law and regulatory requirements must be anticipated, and there can be no assurance that the businesses and assets of our subsidiaries and business affiliates will not become subject to increased expenses or more stringent restrictions as a result of any future legislation, new regulation or deregulation.

 The success of SIRIUS XM and Live Nation, in part, depends on audience acceptance of their programs and services, which is difficult to predict.
     Entertainment content production, satellite radio services and live entertainment events are inherently risky businesses because the revenue derived from these businesses depends primarily upon the public's acceptance of these programs and services, which is difficult to predict. The commercial success of a satellite radio program or live entertainment production depends upon the quality and acceptance of competing programs, the availability of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure time activities, general economic conditions and other tangible and intangible factors, many of which are difficult to predict. In the case of ad-supported programming and satellite radio 

 I-
16

 Table of Contents

service, audience size is an important factor when advertising rates are negotiated. Audience size is also an important factor when determining ticket pricing for live entertainment productions. Consequently, low public acceptance of the programs and services offered by SIRIUS XM and Live Nation could hurt the ability of these companies to maintain rates charged to customers, subscribers and, as applicable, advertisers.

 Certain of our businesses depend on the performance of, and their relationships, with various third parties.     
An important component of the success of our businesses, including in particular our consolidated subsidiary SIRIUS XM, is the ability to maintain existing, as well as build new, relationships with third parties, such as:

 ·

 manufacturers that build and distribute satellite radios;  

 ·

 companies that manufacture and sell integrated circuits for satellite radios;  

 ·

 programming providers;

 ·

 talent, agents and managers;

 ·

 operators of
 call centers;

 ·

 retailers that market and sell satellite radios and promote subscriptions to our services; and  

 ·

 vendors that have designed or built and vendors that support or operate other important elements of our systems.  

 If one or more of these third parties do not perform in a satisfactory or timely manner, our businesses could be adversely affected. In addition, a number of third parties on which these businesses depend have experienced, and may in the future experience, financial difficulties or file for bankruptcy protection. Such third parties may not be able to perform their obligations in a timely manner, if at all, as a result of their financial condition or may be relieved of their obligations to us as part of seeking bankruptcy protection.  In addition, SIRIUS XM, in particular, designs, establishes specifications for and manages various aspects of the logistics of the production of satellite radios. As a result of these activities, SIRIUS XM may be exposed to liabilities associated with the design, manufacture and distribution of radios that the providers of an entertainment service would not customarily be subject to, such as liabilities for design defects, patent infringement and compliance with applicable laws, as well as the costs of returned product.

 Our businesses may be impaired by third-party intellectual property rights.     
Development of our business systems has depended upon the intellectual property developed by them, as well as intellectual property licensed from third parties. If the intellectual property developed or used by them is not adequately protected, others will be permitted to and may duplicate portions of these systems or services without liability. In addition, others may challenge, invalidate, render unenforceable or circumvent the intellectual property rights, patents or existing licenses of our businesses or they may face significant legal costs in connection with defending and enforcing those intellectual property rights. Some of the know-how and technology so developed, and to be developed, is not now, nor will it be, covered by U.S. patents or trade secret protections. Trade secret protection and contractual agreements may not provide adequate protection if there is any unauthorized use or disclosure. The loss of necessary technologies could require our subsidiaries and business affiliates to substitute technologies of lower quality performance standards, at greater cost or on a delayed basis, which could harm their businesses.

 Other parties may have patents or pending patent applications, which will later mature into patents or inventions that may block the ability of our businesses to operate their systems or license technologies. They may have to resort to litigation to enforce rights under license agreements or to determine the scope and validity of other parties' proprietary rights in the subject matter of those licenses. This may be expensive and they may not succeed in any such litigation.

 Third parties may assert claims or bring suit against our businesses for patent, trademark or copyright infringement, or for other infringement or misappropriation of intellectual property rights. Any such litigation could result in substantial cost, and diversion of effort and adverse findings in any proceeding could subject businesses to significant liabilities to third parties; require them to seek licenses from third parties; block their ability to operate their systems or license their technology; or otherwise adversely affect their ability to successfully develop and market their products and services.

 I-
17

 Table of Contents

The ability of SIRIUS XM to attract and retain subscribers at a profitable level in the future is uncertain.    
SIRIUS XM’s ability to retain subscribers, or increase the number of subscribers to its service, in any given period is subject to many factors, including the price of SIRIUS XM's service, the health of the economy, the production and sale or lease of new vehicles in the United States, the rate at which existing self-pay customers buy and sell new and used vehicles in the United States, including the extent to which existing self-pay subscribers buy and sell new and used vehicles which include an unpaid trial, SIRIUS XM's ability to convince owners and lessees of new and previously owned vehicles that include satellite radios to purchase subscriptions to its service, the effectiveness of its marketing programs, the entertainment value of its programming, and actions by its competitors, such as terrestrial and Internet radio and other audio entertainment and information providers. As part of SIRIUS XM's business, SIRIUS XM experiences, and expects to experience in the future, subscriber turnover (i.e., churn). Some elements of SIRIUS XM’s business strategy may result in churn increasing.  For example, its efforts to increase the penetration of satellite radios in new, lower priced vehicle lines may result in the growth of economy-minded subscribers; its work to acquire subscribers purchasing or leasing pre-owned vehicles may attract subscribers of more limited economic means; and its product and marketing efforts may attract more price sensitive subscribers. If SIRIUS XM is unable to retain current subscribers at expected rates, or the costs of retaining subscribers are higher than expected, its financial performance and operating results could be adversely affected. SIRIUS XM cannot predict how successful it will be at retaining customers who purchase or lease vehicles that include a promotional subscription to its satellite radio service. SIRIUS XM spends substantial amounts on advertising and marketing and in transactions with automakers, retailers and others to obtain and attract subscribers. Average monthly revenue per subscriber, or ARPU, is another key metric used by SIRIUS XM to analyze its business. Over the past several years, SIRIUS XM has focused substantial attention and efforts on balancing ARPU and subscriber additions. Its ability to increase or maintain ARPU over time is uncertain and depends upon various factors, including the value customers perceive in SIRIUS XM's service, SIRIUS XM's ability to add and retain compelling programming, the increasing competition SIRIUS XM experiences from terrestrial radio and other audio entertainment and information providers, and pricing and other offers SIRIUS XM may make to attract new subscribers and retain existing subscribers.  If SIRIUS XM is unable to consistently attract new subscribers, and retain its current subscribers, at a sufficient level of revenues to be profitable, the value of its common stock could decline, and without sufficient cash flow it may not be able to make the required payments on its indebtedness and could ultimately default on its commitments.

 The unfavorable outcome of pending or future litigation against SIRIUS XM could have a material adverse effect.    
SIRIUS XM is a party to several legal proceedings arising out of various aspects of SIRIUS XM’s business, including patent infringement suits, class action and individual lawsuits seeking compensation for its use of sound recordings fixed prior to February 15, 1972 and class actions seeking damages for purported violations of the telephone consumer protection act. SIRIUS XM is defending all claims against itself. The outcome of these proceedings may not be favorable, and an unfavorable outcome may have a material adverse effect on SIRIUS XM’s business or financial results.

 Our businesses, such as SIRIUS XM and Live Nation, may not realize the benefits of acquisitions or other strategic initiatives.    
Our business strategy, including that of SIRIUS XM and Live Nation, may include selective acquisitions or other strategic initiatives focused on business expansion. The success of any acquisitions depends on effective integration of acquired businesses and assets into the acquir
e
r’s operations, which is subject to risks and uncertainties, including realization of any anticipated synergies and cost savings, the ability to retain and attract personnel, the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns, and undisclosed or potential legal liabilities of acquired businesses or assets.

 Continuingly weak economic conditions may reduce consumer demand for our products and services.   
A weak economy in the United States could adversely affect demand for our products and services. A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from discretionary spending by individuals, which typically falls during times of economic instability. A reduction in discretionary spending could adversely affect revenue through potential downgrades by satellite radio subscribers, affecting SIRIUS XM, reduced live-entertainment expenditures, affecting Live Nation and ANLBC, and a slowdown in auto sales (which is an important source of satellite radio subscribers), affecting SIRIUS XM. Accordingly, our ability to increase or maintain revenue and earnings could be adversely affected to the extent that relevant economic environments remain weak or decline further. We currently are unable to predict the extent of any of these potential adverse effects.

 I-
18

 Table of Contents

The business of SIRIUS XM depends in large part upon the auto industry.
     A substantial portion of SIRIUS XM's subscription growth has come from purchasers and lessees of new and previously owned automobiles in the United States. The sale and lease of vehicles with satellite radios is an important source of subscribers for its satellite radio service. SIRIUS XM has agreements with every major automaker to include satellite radios in new vehicles, although these agreements do not require automakers to install specific or minimum quantities of radios in any given period. Automotive production and sales are dependent on many factors, including the availability of consumer credit, general economic conditions, consumer confidence and fuel costs. To the extent vehicles sales by automakers decline or the penetration of factory-installed satellite radios in those vehicles is reduced, subscriber growth for SIRIUS XM's satellite radio services may be adversely impacted. Sales of previously owned vehicles represent a significant source of new subscribers for SIRIUS XM.  SIRIUS XM has agreements with various auto dealers and certain companies operating in the used vehicle market to provide it with data on sales of previously owned satellite radio enabled vehicles.  The continuing availability of this information is important to SIRIUS XM’s future growth.

 The indebtedness of our subsidiary, SIRIUS XM, could adversely affect its operations and could limit its ability to react to changes in the economy or its industry.
   Our subsidiary SIRIUS XM has significant indebtedness. As of December 31, 2014, SIRIUS XM had outstanding an aggregate principal amount of approximately $4.5 billion of indebtedness, $380 million of which was outstanding under a $1.25 billion senior secured revolving credit facility with a syndicate of financial institutions which contains certain covenants. This debt level has important consequences. Carrying significant debt loads can increase a company’s vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, require it to dedicate a portion of its cash flow from operations to payments on indebtedness, reduce the availability of cash flow to fund capital expenditures, marketing and other general corporate activities, limit its ability to borrow additional funds or make capital expenditures, limit its flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business and its industry, and may place it at a competitive disadvantage compared to other competitors. In addition, the instruments governing such indebtedness, including SIRIUS XM's indebtedness, often contain covenants that, among other things, place certain limitations on the ability to incur more debt, exceed a specified leverage ratio, pay dividends, make distributions, make investments, repurchase stock, create liens, enter into transactions with affiliates, enter into sale lease-back transactions, merge or consolidate, and transfer or sell assets. Failure to comply with such covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could cause the applicable subsidiaries or business affiliates to seek the protection of the bankruptcy laws, discontinue operations or seek a purchaser for its business or assets.

 We have substantial debt held above the operating subsidiary level, and we could be unable in the future to obtain cash in amounts sufficient to service that debt and our other financial obligations.
    As of December 31, 2014, we had $1.2 billion principal amount of corporate-level debt outstanding. Our ability to meet our financial obligations will depend on our ability to access cash. Our primary sources of cash include our available cash balances, dividends and interest from our investments, monetization of our public investment portfolio and proceeds from asset sales. Further, our ability to receive dividends or payments or advances from our businesses depends on their individual operating results, any statutory, regulatory or contractual restrictions to which they may be or may become subject and the terms of their own indebtedness, including SIRIUS XM's senior notes and credit facility. The agreements governing such indebtedness restrict sales of assets and prohibit or limit the payment of dividends or the making of distributions, loans or advances to stockholders, non-wholly owned subsidiaries or our partners. We generally do not receive cash, in the form of dividends, loans, advances or otherwise, from our business affiliates.

 Royalties for music rights, which are paid by SIRIUS XM, have increased and there can be no assurance that they will not continue to increase, 
and the market for music rights is changing and is subject to significant uncertainties
.    
SIRIUS XM must maintain music programming royalty arrangements with, and pay license fees to BMI, ASCAP and SESAC.  These organizations negotiate with copyright users, collect royalties and distribute them to songwriters and music publishers.  SIRIUS XM has agreements with ASCAP, BMI and SESAC through 2016.  There can be no assurance that the royalties SIRIUS XM pays to ASCAP, SESAC, BMI and other songwriters and music publishers will not increase upon expiration of these arrangements. 
The market for acquiring rights from songwriters and music publishers is changing. BMI and ASCAP are subject to Consent Decrees with the United States. The Unites States Department of Justice is reviewing these Consent Decrees and may agree to changes to those arrangements. In addition, certain songwriters and music publishers have purportedly withdrawn from two of the traditional performing rights organizations, ASCAP and BMI, and third parties have contacted SIRIUS XM regarding the need to separately license works. The change to, and fragmentation of, the traditional market for licensing musical works could increase SIRIUS XM’s licensing costs and/or cause it in certain 

 I-
19

 Table of Contents

cases to reduce the number of works performed.
 Under the Digital Performance Right in Sound Recordings Act of 1995 and the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, SIRIUS XM also must pay royalties to copyright owners of sound recordings fixed after February 15, 1972.  Those royalty rates may by established through negotiation or, if negotiation is unsuccessful, by the Copyright Royalty Board ("CRB").  Owners of copyrights in sound recordings have created SoundExchange, a collective organization to collect and distribute royalties.  SoundExchange is exempt by statute from certain U.S. antitrust laws and exercises significant market power in the licensing of sound recordings. Under the terms of the CRB's decision governing sound recording royalties for the five-year period ending on December 31, 2017, SIRIUS XM will pay a royalty based on gross revenues, subject to certain exclusions, of 10.0% for 2015, 10.5% for 2016, and 11% for 2017. The right to perform certain copyrighted sound recordings that were fixed before February 15, 1972 is governed by state common law principles and, in certain instances, may be subject to state statutes. SIRIUS XM is a defendant in litigation in three States regarding the alleged distribution, duplication and performance of certain copyrighted sound recordings that were fixed before February 15, 1972. If courts ultimately hold that a performance right exists under state copyright laws, SIRIUS XM may be required to pay additional royalties to perform copyrighted sound recordings that were fixed before February 15, 1972 or remove those works from its service. For additional information about these matters, see Item 3. Legal Proceedings.

 Our subsidiary, SIRIUS XM, 
and our other businesses, face
 substantial competition, which may increase over time.
     SIRIUS XM faces substantial competition from other providers of music and talk radio and other audio services and its ability to retain and attract customers is based on its successful programming. SIRIUS XM's subscribers can obtain similar content through terrestrial radio or Internet radio services, and a number of automakers and aftermarket manufacturers have introduced factory-installed radios capable of accessing internet-delivered auto entertainment and connecting to Internet-delivered content on smartphones. Such competition could lower subscription, advertising or other revenue or increase expenses related to marketing, promotion or other expenses, which would lower SIRIUS XM's earnings and free cash flow.

For additional information regarding the competitive factors faced by our businesses, see “Part I. Business -- Competition” above.

 The success of SIRIUS XM and Live Nation, in part, depends on the integrity of their systems and infrastructures and the protection of consumer data.
    The businesses of SIRIUS XM and Live Nation involve the receipt and storage of personal information about consumers. While the receipt and storage of such information is subject to regulation by international, federal and state law, and although SIRIUS XM  and Live Nation may take steps to protect personal information, these companies could experience a data security breach, which could result in a disruption of operations and potential violations of applicable privacy laws and other laws or standards which could result in 
government enforcement actions and private litigation
 and/or the loss of consumer trust.

 The success of ANLBC, in part, depends on its ability to recruit and retain key persons.
    The financial success of ANLBC is influenced by the record of the Atlanta Braves Major League baseball team during each season, which is directly impacted by their ability to employ and retain top performing players, coaches and managers. We cannot assure you that if the Atlanta Braves Major League baseball team experiences turnover of these key persons, they will be able to recruit and retain acceptable replacements, in part, because the market for such employees is very competitive and limited.

 We do not have the right to manage our business affiliate, Live Nation, which means we are not able to cause it to operate in a manner that is favorable to us.
  We do not have the right to manage the businesses or affairs of our business affiliate Live Nation. Rather, our rights take the form of representation on the board of directors and board committees. Although our board representation rights may enable us to exercise influence over the management or policies of Live Nation, they will not enable us to cause Live Nation to take any actions we believe are favorable to us (such as paying dividends or distributions).

 Our equity method investment in Live Nation may have a material impact on our net earnings.
     We have a significant investment in Live Nation, which we account for under the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method, we report our proportionate share of the net earnings or losses of our equity affiliates in our statement of operations under "share of earnings (losses) of affiliates," which contributes to our earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes. If the earnings or losses of Live Nation 
are
 material in any year, those earnings or losses may have a material effect on our net earnings. Notwithstanding the impact on our net earnings, we do not have the ability to cause Live Nation to pay dividends or make other payments or advances to its stockholders, including us. In addition, our investment in Live 

 I-
20

 Table of Contents

Nation is in publicly traded securities which are not reflected at fair value on our balance sheet and is also subject to market risk that is not directly reflected in our statement of operations.

 The liquidity and value of our public investments may be affected by market conditions beyond our control that could cause us to record losses for declines in their market value.   
Included among our assets are equity interests in one or more publicly-traded companies that are not consolidated subsidiaries or equity affiliates, such as Barnes & Noble Inc., Time Warner Inc. and Viacom, Inc.  As of December 31, 2014, the market value of these investments totaled $718 million. The value of these interests may be affected by economic and market conditions that are beyond our control and changes in the value of these investments may affect our financial results. In addition, our ability to liquidate these interests without adversely affecting their aggregate value may be limited.

 No assurance can be made that we will be successful in integrating any acquired businesses.
     Our businesses may grow through acquisitions in selected markets. Integration of new businesses may present significant challenges, including: realizing economies of scale; eliminating duplicative overhead; and integrating networks, financial systems and operational systems. No assurance can be made that, with respect to any acquisition, we will realize anticipated benefits or successfully integrate any acquired business with our existing operations. In addition, while we intend to implement appropriate controls and procedures as we integrate acquired companies, we may not be able to certify as to the effectiveness of these companies' disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting (as required by U.S. federal securities laws and regulations) until we have fully integrated them.

 Risk Factors Relating to Ownership of Our Common Stock

 Transactions in our common stock by our insiders could depress the market price of our common stock.
     Sales of or hedging transactions, such as collars, in our shares by our Chairman of the Board or any of our other directors or executive officers could cause a perception in the marketplace that our stock price has peaked or that adverse events or trends have occurred or may be occurring at our company. This perception could result notwithstanding any personal financial motivation for these insider transactions. As a result, insider transactions could depress the market price for shares of one or more series of our common stock.

 Our company has overlapping directors and management with Liberty Interactive, Liberty Broadband and Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings, Inc. (“Liberty TripAdvisor”), which may lead to conflicting interests.
     As a result of the Starz Spin-Off, the Split-Off, the Broadband Spin-Off and Liberty Interactive’s spin-off of Liberty TripAdvisor in August 2014, most of the executive officers of Liberty also serve as executive officers of Liberty Interactive, Liberty Broadband and Liberty TripAdvisor, and there are overlapping directors. None of these companies has any ownership interest in any of the others. Our executive officers and members of our company's board of directors have fiduciary duties to our stockholders. Likewise, any such persons who serve in similar capacities at Liberty Interactive, Liberty Broadband or Liberty TripAdvisor have fiduciary duties to that company's stockholders. For example, there may be the potential for a conflict of interest when our company, Liberty Interactive, Liberty Broadband or Liberty TripAdvisor pursues acquisitions and other business opportunities that may be suitable for each of them. Therefore, such persons may have conflicts of interest or the appearance of conflicts of interest with respect to matters involving or affecting more than one of the companies to which they owe fiduciary duties. Moreover, most of our company's directors and officers continue to own Liberty Interactive, Liberty Broadband and Liberty TripAdvisor stock and options to purchase stock in those companies. These ownership interests could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest when the applicable individuals are faced with decisions that could have different implications for our company, Liberty Interactive, Liberty Broadband and/or Liberty TripAdvisor. Any potential conflict that qualifies as a "related party transaction" (as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) is subject to review by an independent committee of the applicable issuer's board of directors in accordance with its corporate governance guidelines. Each of Liberty Broadband and Liberty TripAdvisor has renounced its rights to certain business opportunities and each company’s restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions deeming directors and officers not in breach of their fiduciary duties in certain cases for directing a corporate opportunity to another person or entity (including Liberty Interactive, Liberty Broadband and Liberty TripAdvisor) instead of such company. Any other potential conflicts that arise will be addressed on a case-by-case basis, keeping in mind the applicable fiduciary duties owed by the executive officers and directors of each issuer. From time to time, we may enter into transactions with Liberty Interactive, Liberty Broadband or Liberty TripAdvisor and/or their subsidiaries or other affiliates. There can be no assurance that the terms of any such transactions will be as favorable 

 I-
21

 Table of Contents

to our company, Liberty Interactive, Liberty Broadband, Liberty TripAdvisor or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates as would be the case where there is no overlapping officer or director.

 Holders of a single series of our common stock may not have any remedies if an action by our directors has an adverse effect on only that series of our common stock.
     Principles of Delaware law and the provisions of our certificate of incorporation may protect decisions of our board of directors that have a disparate impact upon holders of any single series of our common stock. Under Delaware law, the board of directors has a duty to act with due care and in the best interests of all of our stockholders, including the holders of all series of our common stock. Principles of Delaware law established in cases involving differing treatment of multiple classes or series of stock provide that a board of directors owes an equal duty to all common stockholders regardless of class or series and does not have separate or additional duties to any group of stockholders. As a result, in some circumstances, our directors may be required to make a decision that is viewed as adverse to the holders of one series of our common stock. Under the principles of Delaware law and the business judgment rule, holders may not be able to successfully challenge decisions that they believe have a disparate impact upon the holders of one series of our stock if our board of directors is disinterested and independent with respect to the action taken, is adequately informed with respect to the action taken and acts in good faith and in the honest belief that the board is acting in the best interest of all of our stockholders.

 It may be difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so may be beneficial to our stockholders.
     Certain provisions of our restated charter and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company that a stockholder may consider favorable. These provisions include:

 ·

 authorizing a capital structure with multiple series of common stock, a Series B common stock that entitles the holders to ten votes per share, a Series A common stock that entitles the holder to one vote per share, and a Series C common stock that, except as otherwise required by applicable law, entitles the holder to no voting rights; 

 ·

 classifying our board of directors with staggered three-year terms, which may lengthen the time required to gain control of our board of directors; 

 ·

 limiting who may call special meetings of stockholders; 

 ·

 prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, thereby requiring all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders; 

 ·

 establishing advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings;

 ·

 requiring stockholder approval by holders of at least 66 
2
 / 
3
 % of our aggregate voting power or the approval by at least 75% of our board of directors with respect to certain extraordinary matters, such as a merger or consolidation of our company, a sale of all or substantially all of our assets or an amendment to our restated charter; and

 ·

 the existence of authorized and unissued stock, including "blank check" preferred stock, which could be issued by our board of directors to persons friendly to our then current management, thereby protecting the continuity of our management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to obtain control of our company.

 In addition, our chairman, John C. Malone, beneficially owns shares representing the power to direct approximately 47% of the aggregate voting power in our company, due to his beneficial ownership of approximately 96% of the outstanding shares of Liberty Series B common stock as of January 31, 2015.