.

 RISKS
 RELATING TO TIME WARNER GENERALLY

 Pending securities litigation or the failure to fulfill
 the obligations under the Consent Order with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission could adversely affect Time Warner’s
 operations.
  In connection with the
 Company’s settlement with the SEC, the Company consented to
 the entry of a Consent Order requiring it to comply with federal
 securities laws and regulations and the terms of an earlier
 order. If the Company is found to be in violation of the Consent
 Order, it may be subject to increased penalties and consequences
 as a result of the prior actions. During 2002 and 2003, many
 putative class action and shareholder derivative lawsuits
 alleging violations of federal and state securities laws and
 ERISA, as well as purported breaches of fiduciary duties, were
 filed against Time Warner, certain of its current and former
 executives, past and present members of its Board of Directors
 and, in

 29

Table of Contents

 certain instances, AOL. In addition, several actions alleging
 various securities law violations were filed by individual
 shareholders in state and federal court. During 2005 and 2006,
 the Company reached agreements to settle the primary
 consolidated securities class action lawsuits, the shareholder
 derivative lawsuits and the consolidated action alleging ERISA
 violations, as well as many of the lawsuits brought by
 individual shareholders. However, some members of the class
 elected to “opt out” of the settlement of the primary
 securities class action to pursue their claims separately. In
 addition, some of the individual shareholder actions remain
 pending in federal and state courts. In 2005, the Company
 established a reserve aggregating $3 billion, with
 $2.4 billion for the settlement of the primary consolidated
 securities class actions and $600 million in connection
 with the remaining shareholder derivative, ERISA and securities
 matters (including suits brought by individual shareholders who
 decided to “opt out” of the settlement in the primary
 securities class action). The $3 billion reserve had been
 substantially utilized to settle certain of these claims, and in
 the fourth quarter of 2006 the Company established an additional
 reserve of $600 million related to its remaining securities
 litigation matters. During February 2007 the Company reached
 agreements in principle to pay approximately $405 million
 to settle certain of the remaining “opt out” claims.
 Plaintiffs have claimed approximately $3 billion in
 aggregated damages with interest in the remaining cases. The
 Company has engaged in, and may in the future engage in,
 mediation in an attempt to resolve the remaining cases, but if
 they cannot be resolved by adjudication on summary judgment or
 by settlement, trials will ensue in these matters. Although the
 Company intends to defend against these lawsuits vigorously, the
 ultimate amount that may be paid to resolve all unsettled
 litigation in these matters could be materially greater than the
 remaining reserve of approximately $215 million. The
 Company also is incurring expenses as a result of the pending
 “opt out” cases and individual securities actions, and
 costs associated with judgments in or additional settlements of
 these matters could adversely affect its financial condition and
 results of operations. See Item 3, “Legal
 Proceedings — Securities Matters.”

 Several of the Company’s businesses are characterized
 by rapid technological change, and if Time Warner does not
 respond appropriately to technological changes, its competitive
 position may be harmed.
  Time Warner’s
 businesses operate in the highly competitive, consumer-driven
 and rapidly changing media, entertainment, interactive services
 and cable industries. Several of its businesses are dependent to
 a large extent on their ability to acquire, develop, adopt, and
 exploit new and existing technologies to distinguish their
 products and services from those of their competitors.
 Technological development, application and exploitation can take
 long periods of time and require significant capital
 investments. In addition, the Company may be required to
 anticipate far in advance which of the potential new
 technologies and equipment it should adopt for new products and
 services or for future enhancements of or upgrades to its
 existing products and services. If it chooses technologies or
 equipment that do not become the prevailing standard or that are
 less effective, cost-efficient or attractive to its customers
 than those chosen by its competitors, or if it offers products
 or services that fail to appeal to consumers, are not available
 at competitive prices or do not function as expected, the
 Company’s competitive position could deteriorate, and its
 operations, business or financial results could be adversely
 affected.

 The Company’s competitive position also may be adversely
 affected by various timing factors, such as delays in its new
 product or service offerings or the ability of its competitors
 to acquire or develop and introduce new technologies, products
 and services more quickly than the Company. Furthermore,
 advances in technology or changes in competitors’ product
 and service offerings may require the Company in the future to
 make additional research and development expenditures or to
 offer at no additional charge or at a lower price certain
 products and services the Company currently offers to customers
 separately or at a premium. Also, if the costs of existing
 technologies decrease in the future, the Company may not be able
 to maintain current price levels for its products or services.
 In addition, the inability to obtain intellectual property
 rights from third parties at a reasonable price or at all could
 impair the ability of the Company to respond to technological
 advances in a timely or cost-effective manner.

 The combination of increased competition, more
 technologically-advanced platforms, products and services, the
 increasing number of choices available to consumers and the
 overall rate of change in the media, entertainment, interactive
 services and cable industries requires companies such as Time
 Warner to become more responsive to consumer needs and to adapt
 more quickly to market conditions than had been necessary in the
 past. The Company

 30

Table of Contents

 could have difficulty managing these changes while at the same
 time maintaining its rates of growth and profitability.

 Piracy of the Company’s feature films, television
 programming and other content may decrease the revenues received
 from the exploitation of the Company’s entertainment
 content and adversely affect its business and
 profitability.
  Piracy of motion pictures,
 television programming, video content and DVDs poses significant
 challenges to several of the Company’s businesses.
 Technological advances allowing the unauthorized dissemination
 of motion pictures, television programming and other content in
 unprotected digital formats, including via the Internet,
 increase the threat of piracy. Such technological advances make
 it easier to create, transmit and distribute high quality
 unauthorized copies of such content. The proliferation of
 unauthorized copies and piracy of the Company’s products or
 the products it licenses from third parties can have an adverse
 effect on its businesses and profitability because these
 products reduce the revenue that Time Warner potentially could
 receive from the legitimate sale and distribution of its
 content. In addition, if piracy continues to increase, it could
 have an adverse effect on the Company’s business and
 profitability. Although piracy adversely affects the
 Company’s U.S. revenues, the impact on revenues from
 outside the United States is more significant, particularly in
 countries where laws protective of intellectual property rights
 are not strictly enforced. Time Warner has taken, and will
 continue to take, a variety of actions to combat piracy, both
 individually and together with cross-industry groups, trade
 associations and strategic partners, including the launch of new
 services for consumers at competitive price points, aggressive
 online and customs enforcement, compressed release windows and
 educational campaigns. Policing the unauthorized use of the
 Company’s intellectual property is difficult, however, and
 the steps taken by the Company will not prevent the infringement
 by 
and/or
 piracy of unauthorized third parties in every case. There can be
 no assurance that the Company’s efforts to enforce its
 rights and protect its intellectual property will be successful
 in reducing content piracy.

 The Company has been, and may be in the future, subject to
 intellectual property infringement claims, which could have an
 adverse impact on the Company’s business or operating
 results due to a disruption in its business operations, the
 incurrence of significant costs and other
 factors.
  From time to time, the Company
 receives notices from others claiming that it infringes their
 intellectual property rights, and the number of these claims
 could increase in the future. Claims of intellectual property
 infringement could require Time Warner to enter into royalty or
 licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial
 monetary liability or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently
 from further use of the intellectual property in question, which
 could require Time Warner to change its business practices and
 limit its ability to compete effectively. Even if Time Warner
 believes that the claims are without merit, the claims can be
 time-consuming and costly to defend and divert management’s
 attention and resources away from its businesses. In addition,
 agreements entered into by the Company may require it to
 indemnify the other party for certain third-party intellectual
 property infringement claims, which could require the Company to
 expend sums to defend against or settle such claims or,
 potentially, to pay damages. If Time Warner is required to take
 any of these actions, it could have an adverse impact on the
 Company’s business or operating results.

 Time Warner’s businesses may suffer if it cannot
 continue to license or enforce the intellectual property rights
 on which its businesses depend.
  The Company
 relies on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws in
 the United States and similar laws in other countries, and
 licenses and other agreements with its employees, customers,
 suppliers and other parties, to establish and maintain its
 intellectual property rights in technology and products and
 services used in its various operations. However, the
 Company’s intellectual property rights could be challenged
 or invalidated, or such intellectual property rights may not be
 sufficient to permit it to take advantage of current industry
 trends or otherwise to provide competitive advantages, which
 could result in costly redesign efforts, discontinuance of
 certain product and service offerings or other competitive harm.
 Further, the laws of certain countries do not protect Time
 Warner’s proprietary rights, or such laws may not be
 strictly enforced. Therefore, in certain jurisdictions the
 Company may be unable to protect its intellectual property
 adequately against unauthorized copying or use, which could
 adversely affect its competitive position. Also, because of the
 rapid pace of technological change in the industries in which
 the Company operates, much of the business of its various
 segments relies on technologies developed or licensed by third
 parties, and Time Warner may not be able to obtain or to
 continue to obtain licenses from these third parties on
 reasonable terms, if at all. It is also possible that, in
 connection with a merger, sale or acquisition transaction, the
 Company may license its trademarks or service marks

 31

Table of Contents

 and associated goodwill to third parties, or the business of
 various segments could be subject to certain restrictions in
 connection with such trademarks or service marks and associated
 goodwill that were not in place prior to such a transaction.

 Time Warner’s international operations are subject to
 increased risks that could adversely affect its business and
 operating results.
  Time Warner’s
 businesses operate and serve customers worldwide. There are
 certain risks inherent in doing business internationally,
 including:

 • 

 import or export restrictions and changes in trade regulations;

 • 

 difficulties in developing, staffing and simultaneously managing
 a large number of foreign operations as a result of distance and
 language and cultural differences;

 • 

 stringent local labor laws and regulations;

 • 

 longer payment cycles;

 • 

 political or social unrest;

 • 

 economic instability;

 • 

 seasonal volatility in business activity;

 • 

 risks related to government regulation;

 • 

 currency exchange rate fluctuations; and

 • 

 potentially adverse tax consequences.

 One or more of these factors could harm the Company’s
 future international operations and consequently, could harm its
 business and operating results.

 Weakening economic conditions or other factors could
 reduce the Company’s advertising or other revenues or
 hinder its ability to increase such
 revenues.
  Expenditures by advertisers tend to
 be cyclical, reflecting general economic conditions, as well as
 budgeting and buying patterns. Because several of the
 Company’s segments derive a substantial portion of their
 revenues from the sale of advertising, a decline or delay in
 advertising expenditures could reduce the Company’s
 revenues or hinder its ability to increase these revenues.
 Disasters, acts of terrorism, political uncertainty or
 hostilities also could lead to a reduction in advertising
 expenditures as a result of uninterrupted news coverage and
 economic uncertainty. Advertising expenditures by companies in
 certain sectors of the economy, including the automotive,
 financial and pharmaceutical industries, represent a significant
 portion of the Company’s advertising revenues. Any
 political, economic, social or technological change resulting in
 a significant reduction in the advertising spending of these
 sectors could adversely affect the Company’s advertising
 revenues or its ability to increase such revenues. In addition,
 because many of the products and services offered by the Company
 are largely discretionary items, weakening economic conditions
 or outlook could reduce the consumption of such products and
 services and reduce the Company’s revenues.

 The introduction and increased popularity of alternative
 technologies for the distribution of news, entertainment and
 other information and the resulting shift in consumer habits
 and/or
 advertising expenditures from traditional to online media could
 adversely affect the revenues of the Company’s Publishing,
 Networks and Filmed Entertainment
 segments.

  The Company’s Publishing and
 Networks segments derive a substantial portion of their revenue
 from advertising in magazines and on television. Distribution of
 news, entertainment and other information via the Internet has
 become increasingly popular over the past several years, and
 viewing news, entertainment and other content on a personal
 computer, cellular phone or other electronic or portable
 electronic device has become increasingly popular as well.
 Accordingly, advertising dollars have started to shift from
 traditional media to online media. The shift in major
 advertisers’ expenditures from traditional to online media
 has had an adverse effect on the revenue growth of the
 Publishing and Networks segments, which may continue in the
 future. In addition, if consumers increasingly elect to obtain
 news and entertainment online instead of by purchasing the
 Publishing segment’s magazines, this trend could negatively
 impact the segment’s circulation revenue and also adversely
 affect its advertising revenue. The Publishing and Networks
 segments have taken various steps to diversify the means by
 which they distribute content and generate advertising revenue,
 including relaunching

 32

Table of Contents

 certain websites and expanding their existing online content.
 However, the segments’ strategies for achieving sustained
 revenue growth may not be sufficient to offset revenue losses
 resulting from a continued shift in advertising dollars over the
 long term from traditional to online media. In addition, this
 trend also could have an indirect negative impact on the
 licensing revenue generated by the Filmed Entertainment segment
 and the revenue generated by Home Box Office from the
 licensing of its original programming in syndication and to
 basic cable channels.

 The Company faces risks relating to competition for the
 leisure and entertainment time of audiences, which has
 intensified in part due to advances in
 technology.
  In addition to the various
 competitive factors discussed in the following paragraphs, all
 of the Company’s businesses are subject to risks relating
 to increasing competition for the leisure and entertainment time
 of consumers. The Company’s businesses compete with each
 other and all other sources of news, information and
 entertainment, including broadcast television, movies, live
 events, radio broadcasts, home video products, console games,
 print media and the Internet. Technological advancements, such
 as video on demand, new video formats and Internet streaming and
 downloading, have increased the number of media and
 entertainment choices available to consumers and intensified the
 challenges posed by audience fragmentation. The increasing
 number of choices available to audiences could negatively impact
 not only consumer demand for the Company’s products and
 services, but also advertisers’ willingness to purchase
 advertising from the Company’s businesses. If the Company
 does not respond appropriately to further increases in the
 leisure and entertainment choices available to consumers, the
 Company’s competitive position could deteriorate, and its
 financial results could suffer.

 Several of the Company’s businesses rely heavily on
 network and information systems or other technology, and a
 disruption or failure of such networks, systems or technology as
 a result of computer viruses, misappropriation of data or other
 malfeasance, as well as outages, natural disasters, accidental
 releases of information or similar events, may disrupt the
 Company’s businesses.
  Because network
 and information systems and other technologies are critical to
 many of Time Warner’s operating activities, network or
 information system shutdowns caused by events such as computer
 hacking, dissemination of computer viruses, worms and other
 destructive or disruptive software, denial of service attacks
 and other malicious activity, as well as power outages, natural
 disasters, terrorist attacks and similar events, pose increasing
 risks. Such an event could have an adverse impact on the Company
 and its customers, including degradation of service, service
 disruption, excessive call volume to call centers and damage to
 equipment and data. Such an event also could result in large
 expenditures necessary to repair or replace such networks or
 information systems or to protect them from similar events in
 the future. Significant incidents could result in a disruption
 of the Company’s operations, customer dissatisfaction, or a
 loss of customers or revenues.

 Furthermore, the operating activities of Time Warner’s
 various businesses could be subject to risks caused by
 misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification and accidental
 release or loss of information maintained in the Company’s
 information technology systems and networks, including customer,
 personnel and vendor data. The Company could be exposed to
 significant costs if such risks were to materialize, and such
 events could damage the reputation and credibility of Time
 Warner and its businesses and have a negative impact on its
 revenues. The Company also could be required to expend
 significant capital and other resources to remedy any such
 security breach. As a result of the increasing awareness
 concerning the importance of safeguarding personal information,
 the potential misuse of such information and legislation that
 has been adopted or is being considered regarding the
 protection, privacy and security of personal information,
 information-related risks are increasing, particularly for
 businesses like Time Warner’s that handle a large amount of
 personal customer data.

 RISKS
 RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S AOL BUSINESS

 If AOL’s business strategy does not succeed in
 sustaining current levels of activity generated on AOL’s
 interactive properties by current AOL subscribers and increasing
 the number of other Internet users and the level of activity
 they generate on AOL’s interactive properties, AOL’s
 business, results of operations and financial condition may be
 adversely impacted.
  In the third quarter of
 2006, AOL began implementing a new phase of its business
 strategy to shift from a primarily subscription-based business
 model to a primarily advertising-supported business model. In
 2006, subscription revenues represented approximately 74% of
 AOL’s total revenues, and

 33

Table of Contents

 advertising revenues represented approximately 24% of AOL’s
 total revenues. The success of AOL’s strategy depends on
 AOL’s ability to sustain current levels of activity
 generated on AOL’s interactive properties, whether accessed
 via the AOL client software or directly through the Internet, by
 current AOL access subscribers and its ability to increase the
 number of other Internet users and the level of activity they
 generate on AOL’s interactive properties.

 As part of its business strategy, AOL is offering a
 “free” Internet service that was previously only
 available on a subscription basis; this “free” offer
 has contributed to declines in the number of access subscribers
 and related subscription revenues, and such declines are
 expected to continue.  Before the implementation
 of the new phase of its business strategy, AOL maintained
 greater distinctions between its subscription service (the AOL
 service) and its free interactive properties. A significant
 component of the new phase of its business strategy includes AOL
 providing content, features and tools, previously available only
 to access subscribers, to all Internet consumers at no charge,
 including the AOL client software, “AOL.com”

e-mail
 addresses and certain safety and security tools. Certain
 components of the AOL service continue to be available only to
 subscribers, such as

dial-up
 Internet access and live customer service. AOL is experiencing
 declines in the number of subscribers and related subscription
 revenues, and expects that subscribers and related subscription
 revenues will decline further as consumers continue to upgrade
 to broadband Internet access from

dial-up
 Internet access. As subscription revenues decline, AOL will
 become more dependent on advertising revenues and continued cost
 reductions in order to improve its financial performance.

 AOL currently depends on its access subscribers to generate a
 significant majority of its paid-search and display advertising
 revenues, and in the future it must be able to maintain the
 level of engagement of these subscribers and to attract new
 highly-engaged Internet users to its interactive properties to
 continue to increase its advertising
 revenues.  For its business strategy to be
 successful, AOL must continue to increase advertising revenues.
 A significant majority of AOL’s paid-search and display
 advertising revenues currently is generated from activity by AOL
 access subscribers who use AOL

e-mail and
 the AOL client software. By permitting the general Internet
 population (including former subscribers) to use the AOL client
 software, “AOL.com”

e-mail
 addresses and certain other AOL interactive offerings at no
 charge, AOL aims to maintain the generally high level of
 engagement of its current subscribers (regardless of whether
 they continue to pay AOL for Internet access) and to attract new
 highly-engaged Internet consumers to the AOL properties. Even
 though AOL has registered a significant number of new

e-mail
 accounts and has migrated a significant number of paid
 subscribers to “free” accounts, these actions are not
 necessarily an indicator of high levels of future activity by
 the Internet users (including former subscribers) on the AOL
 Network, which activity is needed in order for AOL to continue
 to increase its advertising revenues.

 Important components of AOL’s business strategy are
 maintaining the usage of the AOL client software by current
 subscribers, increasing the usage of the AOL client software by
 the general Internet population, including former subscribers,
 and increasing both traffic to AOL websites and consumption of
 other AOL interactive services. To increase the ease with which
 the general Internet population can obtain the AOL client
 software and access both AOL websites and other interactive
 services, AOL seeks to distribute its free and paid products and
 services (such as the AOL client software, AOL.com, AOL content
 and/or other
 AOL interactive services) through a variety of methods,
 including relationships with third-party high-speed Internet
 access providers, retailers, computer manufacturers or other
 aggregators of Internet activity, and through search engine
 optimization and search engine marketing. Although AOL had
 relationships with certain high-speed Internet access providers
 and computer manufacturers in place when it implemented the new
 phase of its business strategy, its ability to enter into new or
 additional distribution agreements may be limited by existing
 exclusive arrangements that distributors have with other
 Internet companies. Furthermore, distribution of interactive
 products and services is subject to significant competition.
 Although agreements with high-speed Internet access providers,
 computer manufacturers and retailers are not required for
 Internet users either to obtain the AOL client software or to
 access other free AOL interactive properties and services, if
 AOL is unable to enter into favorable arrangements with these
 parties, fewer Internet users may download the AOL client
 software

and/or use
 other AOL interactive properties or services, which could hinder
 the growth of AOL’s advertising revenues.

 In order for AOL to continue to improve its financial
 performance, AOL must increase its advertising revenues, as well
 as reduce its overall costs, in sufficient amounts and in a
 timely manner to coincide with or precede the continuing loss of
 subscribers to the AOL service and related subscription
 revenues.  Subscription revenues

 34

Table of Contents

 declined substantially in 2006, and such declines are expected
 to continue. At the same time, advertising revenues increased
 during 2006, but not in an amount sufficient to offset the
 decline in subscription revenues. In 2007, advertising revenues
 must be increased substantially and AOL’s costs must be
 decreased substantially in order for AOL’s financial
 performance to improve. AOL made substantial cost reductions in
 2006 related to marketing, network service, customer service and
 product development, and it intends to continue to identify and
 implement cost reductions. However, cost reductions may lead to
 employee distraction and morale problems, as well as difficulty
 in hiring or retaining necessary employees. Reducing costs may
 also lead to reduced operational capabilities, and if costs are
 reduced in a manner that is not consistent with operational
 requirements, AOL’s ability to provide satisfactory
 customer service may be adversely affected. Following the
 substantial cost reductions made prior to and during 2006, it
 may become increasingly difficult to identify and implement cost
 reductions in 2007 without adversely impacting AOL’s
 operational effectiveness. If advertising revenues do not
 increase and if cost reductions are not made in sufficient
 amounts and on a timeline that coincides with or precedes the
 continuing loss of subscribers and related decreases in
 subscription revenues, or if AOL is unable to make cost
 reductions in an operationally effective manner, AOL’s
 operating results and financial condition could be adversely
 affected.

 The new phase of AOL’s business strategy has made AOL
 more susceptible to the risks of operating an advertising
 business.  With the implementation of the new
 phase of its business strategy, AOL has become more dependent on
 advertising revenues and thus more susceptible to the risks of
 operating an advertising-supported business. Purchases of
 advertising tend to be cyclical and are susceptible to changing
 economic and market conditions that are outside AOL’s
 control, as described above in the risk factor entitled
 “Weakening economic conditions or other factors could
 reduce the Company’s advertising or other revenues or
 hinder its ability to increase such revenues.” The size of
 the Internet advertising business, including the sponsored-links
 search business, has increased substantially during 2006. If the
 Internet advertising business does not continue to grow or
 shrinks in 2007, AOL’s ability to generate increased
 advertising revenues may be adversely impacted. Furthermore, the
 Internet advertising business is relatively new and has seen
 greater volatility than the general advertising market. It is
 possible that Internet advertising could be disproportionately
 affected by any advertising or economic slowdown. A significant
 amount of growth in AOL’s advertising revenues in 2006 was
 attributable to operational improvements and improved targeting.
 AOL must continue to identify and implement such operational and
 targeting improvements in order to support increased pricing and
 in order to continue to increase its advertising revenues. Also
 in 2006, almost a quarter of AOL’s growth in advertising
 revenues was attributable to the expansion of a relationship
 with a single customer. In the future, AOL will need to continue
 to maintain or expand this relationship or identify and enter
 into new or expanded relationships with other advertising
 customers in order to sustain or increase its growth in
 advertising revenues. Continued growth in AOL’s advertising
 business also depends on its ability to continue offering a
 competitive and distinctive range of advertising products and
 services for marketers and its ability to maintain or increase
 prices for its advertising products and services. If AOL cannot
 continue to improve its advertising products and services or if
 prices for its advertising products and services decrease,
 AOL’s advertising revenues could be adversely affected.

 AOL faces intense competition in its global web services
 business, its Internet access business and in the distribution
 of its products and services, and must compete successfully in
 order to improve its financial
 performance.
  AOL’s global web services
 business competes for online users’ time and attention and
 advertising, subscription and commerce revenues with a wide
 range of companies, including web-based portals and individual
 websites providing content, commerce, search, communications,
 community and similar features, as well as ISPs and traditional
 media companies such as Viacom Inc., CBS Corporation, News
 Corporation, The Walt Disney Company, Tribune Company, The New
 York Times Company and NBC Universal. Major competitors include
 Yahoo! Inc., Microsoft Corporation, Google, IAC/ InterActiveCorp
 and eBay Inc. In addition, new properties such as YouTube,
 MySpace and Facebook that are able to gain large numbers of
 visitors and generate significant amounts of activity also
 compete with AOL.

 Advertising.com, which generates almost a quarter of AOL’s
 advertising revenues, competes with other aggregators of
 third-party inventory and other companies that offer competing
 advertising products, technology and services, such as 24/7 Real
 Media, Inc. and ValueClick, Inc. Competition affects the prices
 paid by Advertising.com for inventory and prices charged to
 advertisers for Advertising.com’s advertising products and
 services. In order for

 35

Table of Contents

 Advertising.com to remain competitive, it is important that
 Advertising.com offer compelling advertising products and
 technologies to the advertisers who are its customers.

 As part of its strategy, AOL has sold its Internet access
 operations in France and the U.K. and has agreed to do so in
 Germany, and, in conjunction with these sales, has maintained
 relationships with the purchasers to continue to provide its
 former subscribers with web services, including portals,
 e-mail and
 content. Accordingly, AOL Europe is reliant on the
 purchasers’ abilities to maintain relationships with these
 subscribers in order to generate web services activity and
 advertising revenues. In Europe, following the sales of its
 access operations businesses, AOL Europe’s competitors are
 Google, Microsoft Corporation and Yahoo! Inc. in its main
 markets, in addition to Web.de in Germany and Voila in France.
 Internationally, AOL expects to compete against local Internet
 and other web services companies as well as current
 U.S. competitors who have an established portal presence in
 these locations.

 Although AOL has implemented a new phase of its business
 strategy to shift to a primarily advertising-supported business
 model, AOL continues to operate in the Internet access business,
 and competes for subscription revenues with companies providing
 dial-up
 Internet service, including EarthLink, and discount ISPs such as
 NetZero. AOL also competes with companies providing Internet
 access via broadband technologies, such as cable companies and
 telephone companies, and companies offering emerging broadband
 access technologies, including wireless, mobile wireless, fiber
 optic cable and power line.

 AOL faces significant competition, primarily from the
 competitors identified above, in the distribution of its
 products and services in a cost effective manner. For example,
 AOL competes with other providers of portals and other Internet
 products and services to distribute and promote its products and
 services through high-speed Internet access networks, at retail
 outlets, on new computers, as well as via other distribution
 channels. AOL also competes to secure placement of its products
 and services on new computers and mobile devices, including
 cellular telephones and PDAs, to distribute and promote its
 products and services.

 There can be no assurance that AOL will be able to compete
 successfully in the future with existing or potential
 competitors or that competition will not have an adverse effect
 on its business or results of operations.

 If the Company’s AOL business is unable to acquire,
 develop or offer compelling applications, features, services,
 tools and content at reasonable costs, the size or value of its
 audience may not increase as anticipated, which could adversely
 affect its subscription and advertising
 revenue.
  AOL believes that it must offer
 compelling and differentiated applications, features, services,
 tools and content to attract and retain subscribers and to
 attract Internet users to, and generate increased activity on,
 the AOL Network. Acquiring, developing and offering such
 applications, features, services, tools and content may require
 significant costs and effort to develop, while consumer tastes
 may be difficult to predict and are subject to rapid change. AOL
 also anticipates that subscribers and Internet users may demand
 an escalating quality of offerings. If AOL is unable to provide
 offerings that are compelling to subscribers and Internet users,
 the size and value of AOL’s audience may be adversely
 affected. With respect to search, a significant portion of
 AOL’s growth in advertising revenues has been attributable
 to its relationship with Google. AOL has agreed to use
 Google’s algorithmic search and sponsored links on an
 exclusive basis through December 19, 2010. Although AOL
 retains the ability to differentiate its search product from
 Google and other providers, competing search technologies may
 grow in popularity with consumers or businesses, and the
 exclusivity in certain circumstances may limit AOL’s
 flexibility to change providers of these products in the future.
 Furthermore, although AOL has access to certain content provided
 by the Company’s other businesses, it also may be required
 to make substantial payments to third parties from whom it
 licenses such content, and costs for such content may increase
 as a result of competition or for other reasons. Further, many
 of AOL’s content arrangements with third parties are
 non-exclusive, so competitors may be able to offer similar or
 identical content. AOL’s publication of user-created as
 well as third-party content may put AOL at increased risk of
 allegations of copyright infringement or other legal liability,
 and may cause AOL to incur significant monitoring or legal
 costs. These risks also could limit AOL’s ability to
 provide competitive content, features and tools. If AOL is
 unable to acquire or develop compelling content and do so at
 reasonable prices, or if other companies offer content that is
 similar to or the same as that provided by AOL, the size and
 value of AOL’s audience may be adversely affected. If the
 size and value of AOL’s audience do not increase
 significantly, AOL’s subscription and advertising revenue
 could be adversely affected.

 36

Table of Contents

 More individuals are using non-PC devices to access the
 Internet, and AOL must be able to secure placement of its
 services, applications and features on such devices, must ensure
 that they are compatible with the devices and must ensure that
 the AOL Network is accessible by users of non-PC
 devices.
  The number of individuals who access
 the Internet through devices other than a personal computer,
 such as personal digital assistants or mobile telephones, has
 increased significantly. AOL needs to secure arrangements with
 the device manufacturers as well as the access providers or
 wireless carriers, as the case may be, in order to ensure
 placement of its services, applications and features on the
 non-PC devices. In addition, due to differences in memory,
 functionality and resolution, AOL must ensure that its services,
 applications and features are technologically compatible in
 order for them to be placed on such non-PC devices. Also, the
 websites, applications and services included in the AOL Network
 must be designed so that they are technologically compatible
 with the non-PC devices in order that users of these devices can
 access the AOL Network and engage in activity. If AOL is unable
 to place its services, applications and features on non-PC
 devices, or if AOL is unable to attract and retain a substantial
 number of alternative device users to use the AOL Network, it
 could have an adverse impact on AOL’s advertising,
 subscription or other revenue.

 Changes in international, federal, state and local tax
 laws and regulations, or interpretations of international,
 federal, state and local tax laws and regulations, could
 adversely affect AOL’s operating
 results.
  International, federal, state and
 local tax laws and regulations affecting AOL’s business, or
 interpretations or application of these tax laws and
 regulations, could change. In addition, new international,
 federal, state and local tax laws and regulations affecting
 AOL’s business could be enacted. In December 2004, the
 U.S. federal government enacted the Internet Tax
 Nondiscrimination Act (or the ITNA), extending the moratorium on
 states and other local authorities imposing access or
 discriminatory taxes on the Internet through November 2007. If
 the ITNA is not extended or permanently enacted, state and local
 jurisdictions may seek to impose taxes on Internet access, other
 paid services or electronic commerce within their jurisdictions.
 These taxes could adversely affect AOL’s operating results.

 In addition, under a directive adopted by the European Union in
 July 2003, certain services are subject to a Value Added Tax, or
 VAT, which is levied based on the country from which the service
 is provided rather than the place of consumption. If the EU
 votes in the future to change its approach from the current
 “place of supply” to a “place of
 consumption” approach, AOL’s operating results could
 be adversely affected. In December 2006, the French tax
 authorities assessed VAT against a subsidiary of AOL, largely
 under a “place of consumption” theory that does not
 exist under current law. To the extent that a court adopts this
 new theory, AOL’s operating results could be adversely
 affected.

 New or changing federal, state or international privacy
 legislation or regulation could hinder the growth of AOL’s
 business.
  A variety of federal, state and
 international laws govern the collection and use of customer
 data that AOL uses to operate its services and to help deliver
 advertisements to its customers. Not only are existing
 privacy-related laws in these jurisdictions evolving and subject
 to potentially disparate interpretation by governmental
 entities, new legislative proposals affecting privacy are now
 pending at both the federal and state level in the
 U.S. Changes to the interpretation of existing law or the
 adoption of new privacy-related requirements could hinder the
 growth of AOL’s business.

 RISKS
 RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S CABLE BUSINESS

 TWC faces certain challenges relating to the integration
 of the systems acquired in the Adelphia acquisition and related
 transactions with Comcast into its existing
 systems.
  The successful integration of the
 Acquired Systems will depend primarily on TWC’s ability to
 manage the combined operations and integrate into its operations
 the Acquired Systems (including management information,
 marketing, purchasing, accounting and finance, sales, billing,
 customer support and product distribution infrastructure,
 personnel, payroll and benefits, regulatory compliance and
 technology systems). The integration of these systems, including
 the upgrade of certain portions of the Acquired Systems requires
 significant capital expenditures and may require TWC to use
 financial resources it would otherwise devote to other business
 initiatives, including marketing, customer care, the development
 of new products and services and the expansion of its existing
 cable systems. While TWC has planned for certain capital
 expenditures for, among other things, improvements to plant and
 technical performance and

 37

Table of Contents

 upgrading system capacity of the Acquired Systems, TWC may be
 required to spend more than anticipated for those purposes.
 Furthermore, these integration efforts may require more
 attention from TWC’s management and impose greater strains
 on its technical resources than anticipated. If TWC fails to
 successfully integrate the Acquired Systems, it could have a
 material adverse effect on its business and financial results.

 Additionally, to the extent TWC encounters significant
 difficulties in integrating systems or other operations, its
 customer care efforts may be hampered. For instance, TWC may
 experience
 higher-than-normal
 call volumes under such circumstances, which might interfere
 with its ability to take orders, assist customers not impacted
 by the integration difficulties and conduct other ordinary
 course activities. In addition, depending on the scope of the
 difficulties, TWC may be the subject of negative press reports
 or customer perception.

 TWC has entered into transitional services arrangements with
 Comcast under which Comcast has agreed to assist TWC by
 providing certain services in the applicable Acquired Systems as
 TWC integrates those systems into its existing systems. Any
 failure by Comcast to perform under these agreements may cause
 the integration of the applicable Acquired Systems to be delayed
 and may increase the amount of time and money TWC needs to
 devote to the integration of such systems.

 TWC may not realize the anticipated benefits of the
 Adelphia acquisition
 and/or
 related transactions with Comcast.

  The
 Adelphia acquisition and related transactions with Comcast have
 combined cable systems that were previously owned and operated
 by three different companies. Time Warner expects that TWC will
 realize cost savings and other financial and operating benefits
 as a result of the transactions. However, due to the complexity
 of and risks relating to the integration of these systems, among
 other factors, Time Warner cannot predict with certainty when
 these cost savings and benefits will occur or the extent to
 which they actually will be achieved, if at all.

 TWC faces risks inherent to its voice services
 business.
  TWC may encounter unforeseen
 difficulties as it introduces its voice services in new
 operating areas, including the systems acquired from Adelphia
 and Comcast,

and/or
 increases the scale of its voice service offerings in areas in
 which they have already been launched. First, TWC faces
 heightened customer expectations for the reliability of voice
 services as compared with its video and high-speed data
 services. TWC has undertaken significant training of customer
 service representatives and technicians, and it will continue to
 need a highly trained workforce. To ensure reliable service, TWC
 may need to increase its expenditures, including spending on
 technology, equipment and personnel. If the service is not
 sufficiently reliable or TWC otherwise fails to meet customer
 expectations, its voice services business could be adversely
 affected. Second, the competitive landscape for voice services
 is intense; TWC faces competition from providers of Internet
 phone services, as well as incumbent local telephone companies,
 cellular telephone service providers and others. See
 “— TWC faces a wide range of competition, which
 could affect its future results of operations.” Third,
 TWC’s voice services depend on interconnection and related
 services provided by certain third parties. As a result, its
 ability to implement changes as the services grow may be
 limited. Finally, TWC expects advances in communications
 technology, as well as changes in the marketplace and the
 regulatory and legislative environment. Consequently, the
 Company is unable to predict the effect that ongoing or future
 developments in these areas might have on TWC’s voice
 services business and operations.

 In addition, TWC’s launch of voice services in the Acquired
 Systems may pose certain risks. TWC will be unable to provide
 its voice services in some of the Acquired Systems without first
 upgrading the facilities. Additionally, it may need to obtain
 certain services from third parties prior to deploying voice
 services in the Acquired Systems. If TWC encounters difficulties
 or significant delays in launching voice services in the
 Acquired Systems, its business and financial results may be
 adversely affected.

 Increases in programming costs could adversely affect
 TWC’s operations, business or financial
 results.
  Programming has been, and is
 expected to continue to be, one of TWC’s largest operating
 expense items for the foreseeable future. In recent years, TWC
 has experienced significant increases in the cost of
 programming, particularly sports programming. TWC’s
 programming cost increases are expected to continue due to a
 variety of factors, including inflationary and negotiated annual
 increases, additional programming being provided to subscribers,
 and increased costs to purchase new programming.

 Programming cost increases that TWC is unable to pass on fully
 to its subscribers have had, and will continue to have, an
 adverse impact on cash flow and operating margins. In addition,
 such increases could have an adverse

 38

Table of Contents

 impact on cash flow and operating margins from new video
 products and services. Current and future programming providers
 that provide content that is desirable to TWC subscribers may
 enter into exclusive affiliation agreements with TWC’s
 cable and non-cable competitors and may be unwilling to enter
 into affiliation agreements with TWC on acceptable terms, if at
 all.

 In addition, increased demands by owners of some broadcast
 stations for carriage of other services or payments to those
 broadcasters for retransmission consent could further increase
 TWC’s programming costs. Federal law allows commercial
 television broadcast stations to make an election between
 “must-carry” rights and an alternative
 “retransmission-consent” regime. When a station opts
 for the latter, cable operators are not allowed to carry the
 station’s signal without the station’s permission. TWC
 currently has multi-year agreements with most, but not all, of
 the retransmission-consent stations that it carries. In some
 cases, TWC carries stations under short-term arrangements while
 it attempts to negotiate new long-term retransmission
 agreements. If negotiations with these programmers prove
 unsuccessful, they could require TWC to cease carrying their
 signals, possibly for an indefinite period. Any loss of stations
 could make TWC’s video service less attractive to
 subscribers, which could result in less subscription and
 advertising revenue. In retransmission-consent negotiations,
 broadcasters often condition consent with respect to one station
 on carriage of one or more other stations or programming
 services in which they or their affiliates have an interest.
 Carriage of these other services may increase TWC’s
 programming expenses and diminish the amount of capacity it has
 available to introduce new services, which could have an adverse
 effect on its business and financial results.

 TWC faces a wide range of competition, which could affect
 its future results of operations.
  TWC’s
 industry is and will continue to be highly competitive. Some of
 TWC’s principal competitors — in particular,
 direct broadcast satellite operators and incumbent local
 telephone companies — either offer or are making
 significant capital investments that will allow them to offer
 services that provide directly comparable features and functions
 to those TWC offers, and they are aggressively seeking to offer
 them in bundles similar to TWC’s.

 Incumbent local telephone companies have recently increased
 their efforts to provide video services. The two major incumbent
 local telephone companies — AT&T Inc.
 (“AT&T”) and Verizon Communications, Inc.
 (“Verizon”) — have both announced that they
 intend to make fiber upgrades of their networks, although each
 is using a different architecture. AT&T is expected to
 utilize one of a number of fiber architectures, including the
 fiber-to-the-node
 (or FTTN) network, and Verizon utilizes a fiber architecture
 known as

fiber-to-the-home
 (or FTTH). Some upgraded portions of these networks are or will
 be capable of carrying two-way video services that are
 technically comparable to TWC’s, high-speed data services
 that operate at speeds as high or higher than those TWC makes
 available to customers in these areas and digital voice services
 that are similar to TWC’s. In addition, these companies
 continue to offer their traditional phone services as well as
 bundles that include wireless voice services provided by
 affiliated companies. In areas where they have launched video
 services, these parties are aggressively marketing video, voice
 and data bundles at entry level prices similar to those TWC uses
 to market its bundles.

 TWC’s video business faces intense competition from direct
 broadcast satellite providers. These providers compete with TWC
 based on aggressive promotional pricing and exclusive
 programming (e.g., “NFL Sunday Ticket,” which is not
 available to cable operators). Direct broadcast satellite
 programming is comparable in many respects to TWC’s analog
 and digital video services, including its DVR service. In
 addition, the two largest direct broadcast satellite providers
 offer some interactive programming features. These providers are
 working to increase the number of HDTV channels they offer in
 order to differentiate their service from services offered by
 cable operators.

 In some areas, incumbent local telephone companies and direct
 broadcast satellite operators have entered into co-marketing
 arrangements that allow both parties to offer synthetic bundles
 (i.e., video services provided principally by the direct
 broadcast satellite operator, and digital subscriber line
 (“DSL”) and traditional phone service offered by the
 telephone companies). From a consumer standpoint, the synthetic
 bundles appear similar to TWC’s bundles and result in a
 single bill. AT&T is offering a service in some areas that
 utilizes direct broadcast satellite video but in an integrated
 package with AT&T’s DSL product, which enables an
 Internet-based return path that allows the user to order a
 VOD-like product and other services that TWC provides using its
 two-way network.

 39

Table of Contents

 TWC operates its cable systems under non-exclusive franchises
 granted by state or local authorities. The existence of more
 than one cable system operating in the same territory is
 referred to as an “overbuild.” In some of TWC’s
 operating areas, other operators have overbuilt its systems and
 offer video, data
 and/or voice
 services in competition with TWC.

 In addition to these competitors, TWC faces competition on
 individual services from a range of competitors. For instance,
 its video service faces competition from providers of paid
 television services (such as satellite master antenna services)
 and from video delivered over the Internet. TWC’s
 high-speed data service faces competition from, among others,
 incumbent local telephone companies utilizing their
 newly-upgraded
 fiber networks

and/or DSL
 lines, Wi-Fi, Wi-Max and 3G wireless broadband services provided
 by mobile carriers such as Verizon Wireless, broadband over
 power line providers, and from providers of traditional

dial-up
 Internet access. TWC’s voice service faces competition for
 voice customers from incumbent local telephone companies,
 cellular telephone service providers, Internet phone providers,
 such as Vonage, and others.

 Any inability to compete effectively or an increase in
 competition with respect to video, voice or high-speed data
 services could have an adverse effect on TWC’s financial
 results and return on capital expenditures due to possible
 increases in the cost of gaining and retaining subscribers and
 lower per subscriber revenue, could slow or cause a decline in
 TWC’s growth rates, reduce its revenues, reduce the number
 of its subscribers or reduce its ability to increase penetration
 rates for services. As TWC expands and introduces new and
 enhanced products and services, it may be subject to competition
 from other providers of those products and services, such as
 telecommunications providers, Internet service providers and
 consumer electronics companies, among others. TWC cannot predict
 the extent to which this competition will affect its future
 financial results or return on capital expenditures.

 Future advances in technology, as well as changes in the
 marketplace and in the regulatory and legislative environments,
 may result in changes to the competitive landscape.

 The Internal Revenue Service and state and local tax
 authorities may challenge the tax characterizations of the
 Adelphia Acquisition, the Redemptions or the Exchange, or
 related valuations, and any successful challenge by the Internal
 Revenue Service or state or local tax authorities could
 materially adversely affect Time Warner’s tax profile,
 significantly increase its future cash tax payments and
 significantly reduce its future earnings and cash
 flow.
  The Adelphia Acquisition was designed
 to be a fully taxable asset sale, the TWC Redemption was
 designed to qualify as a tax-free split-off under
 section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
 amended (the “Tax Code”), the TWE Redemption was
 designed as a redemption of Comcast’s partnership interest
 in TWE, and the Exchange was designed as an exchange of
 designated cable systems. There can be no assurance, however,
 that the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) or state
 or local tax authorities (together with the IRS, the “Tax
 Authorities”) will not challenge one or more of such
 characterizations or the related valuations. Such a successful
 challenge by the Tax Authorities could materially adversely
 affect Time Warner’s tax profile (including its ability to
 recognize the intended tax benefits from these transactions),
 significantly increase its future cash tax payments and
 significantly reduce its future earnings and cash flow. The tax
 consequences of the Adelphia Acquisition, the Redemptions and
 the Exchange are complex and, in many cases, subject to
 significant uncertainties, including, but not limited to,
 uncertainties regarding the application of federal, state and
 local income tax laws to various transactions and events
 contemplated therein and regarding matters relating to valuation.

 TWC’s business is subject to extensive governmental
 regulation, which could adversely affect its
 business.
  TWC’s video and voice services
 are subject to extensive regulation at the federal, state, and
 local levels. In addition, the federal government has been
 exploring possible regulation of high-speed data services.
 Additional regulation, including regulation relating to rates,
 equipment, programming, levels and types of services, taxes and
 other charges, could have an adverse impact on TWC’s
 services.

 TWC expects that legislative enactments, court actions, and
 regulatory proceedings will continue to clarify and in some
 cases change the rights of cable companies and other entities
 providing video, data and voice services under the
 Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the “Communications
 Act”), and other laws, possibly in ways that it

 40

Table of Contents

 has not foreseen. The results of these legislative, judicial,
 and administrative actions may materially affect TWC’s
 business operations in areas such as:

 • 

 Cable Franchising.
  At the federal
 level, various provisions have been introduced in connection
 with broader Communications Act reform that would streamline the
 video franchising process to facilitate entry by new
 competitors. To date, no such measures have been adopted by
 Congress. In December 2006, the FCC adopted an order in which
 the agency concluded that the current franchise approval process
 constitutes an unreasonable barrier to entry that impedes the
 development of cable competition and broadband deployment. As a
 result, the agency adopted new rules intended to limit the
 ability of county- and municipal-level franchising authorities
 to delay or refuse the grant of competitive franchises. Among
 other things, the new rules: establish deadlines for franchising
 authorities to act on applications; prohibit franchising
 authorities from placing unreasonable build-out demands on
 applicants; specify that certain fees, costs, and other
 compensation to franchising authorities will count towards the
 statutory five-percent cap on franchise fees; prohibit
 franchising authorities from requiring applicants to undertake
 certain obligations concerning the provision of public,
 educational, and governmental access programming and
 institutional networks; and preempt local level-playing-field
 regulations, and similar provisions, to the extent they impose
 restrictions on applicants that are greater than those set forth
 in the FCC’s new rules.

 At the state level, several states, including California, New
 Jersey, North Carolina, South Carolina and Texas, have enacted
 statutes intended to streamline entry by additional video
 competitors. Some of these statutes provide more favorable
 treatment to new entrants than to existing providers. Similar
 bills are pending or may be enacted in additional states. To the
 extent federal or state laws or regulations facilitate
 additional competitive entry or create more favorable regulatory
 treatment for new entrants, TWC’s operations could be
 materially and adversely affected.

 • 

 À la carte Video Services.
  There
 has from time to time been federal legislative interest in
 requiring cable operators to offer historically bundled
 programming services on an à la carte basis. Currently, no
 such legislation is pending. In November 2004, the FCC released
 a study concluding that à la carte would raise costs for
 consumers and reduce programming choices. In February 2006, the
 FCC’s Media Bureau issued a revised report that concluded,
 contrary to the findings of the earlier study, that à la
 carte could be beneficial in some instances. There are no
 pending proceedings related to à la carte at the FCC.

 • 

 Carriage Regulations.
  In 2005, the FCC
 reaffirmed its earlier decisions rejecting multicasting (i.e.,
 carriage of more than one program stream per broadcaster) and
 dual carriage (i.e., carriage of both digital and analog
 broadcast signals) requirements with respect to carriage of
 broadcast signals pursuant to must-carry rules. Certain parties
 filed petitions for reconsideration. To date, no action has been
 taken on these reconsideration petitions, and TWC is unable to
 predict what requirements, if any, the FCC might adopt. In
 addition, the FCC is expected to launch proceedings related to
 leased access and program carriage. With respect to leased
 access, the FCC is expected to seek comment on how leased access
 is being used in the marketplace, and whether any rule changes
 are necessary to better effectuate statutory objectives. With
 respect to program carriage, the FCC is expected to examine its
 procedural rules, and assess whether modifications are needed to
 achieve more timely decisions in response to program carriage
 complaints. TWC is unable to predict whether these expected
 proceedings will lead to any changes in existing regulations.

 • 

 Voice Communications.
  Traditional
 providers of voice services generally are subject to significant
 regulations. It is unclear to what extent those regulations (or
 other regulations) apply to providers of nontraditional voice
 services, including TWC’s voice services. In 2004, the FCC
 sought public comment regarding how Voice-over Internet Protocol
 should be classified for purposes of the Communications Act, and
 how it should be regulated. To date, however, the FCC has not
 issued an order comprehensively resolving these issues. Instead,
 the FCC has addressed certain individual issues on a piecemeal
 basis. In particular, the FCC declared in 2004 that certain
 nontraditional voice services are not subject to state
 certification or tariffing obligations. The full extent of this
 preemption is unclear and the validity of the preemption order
 has been appealed to a federal appellate court where a decision
 is pending. In orders in 2005 and 2006, the FCC subjected
 nontraditional voice service providers to obligations to provide
 911

 41

Table of Contents

 emergency service, to accommodate law enforcement requests for
 information and wiretapping and to contribute to the federal
 universal service fund. TWC was already operating in accordance
 with these requirements at that time. To the extent that the FCC
 (or the United States Congress) imposes additional burdens,
 TWC’s operations could be adversely affected.

 “Net neutrality” legislation or regulation could
 limit TWC’s ability to operate its high-speed data business
 profitably, to manage its broadband facilities efficiently and
 to make upgrades to those facilities sufficient to respond to
 growing bandwidth usage by its high-speed data
 customers.
  Several disparate groups have
 adopted the term “net neutrality” in connection with
 their efforts to persuade Congress and regulators to adopt rules
 that could limit the ability of broadband providers to manage
 their networks efficiently and profitably. Although the
 positions taken by these groups are not well defined and are
 sometimes inconsistent with one another, most would directly or
 indirectly limit the ability of broadband providers to apply
 differential pricing or network management policies to different
 uses of the Internet. Proponents of such regulation also seek to
 prohibit broadband providers from recovering the costs of rising
 bandwidth usage from any parties other than retail customers.
 The average bandwidth usage of TWC’s high-speed data
 customers has been increasing significantly in recent years as
 the amount of high bandwidth content and the number of
 applications available on the Internet continues to grow. In
 order to continue to provide quality service at attractive
 prices, TWC needs the continued flexibility to develop and
 refine business models that respond to changing consumer uses
 and demands, to manage bandwidth usage efficiently and to make
 upgrades to its broadband facilities. As a result, depending on
 the form it might take, “net neutrality” legislation
 or regulation could impact TWC’s ability to operate its
 high-speed data network profitably and to undertake the upgrades
 that may be needed to continue to provide high quality
 high-speed data services. TWC is unable to predict the
 likelihood that such regulatory proposals will be adopted.

 The FCC’s set-top box rules could impose significant
 additional costs on TWC.
  Currently, many
 cable subscribers rent set-top boxes from TWC that perform both
 signal-reception functions and conditional-access security
 functions, as well as enable delivery of advanced services. In
 1996, Congress enacted a statute seeking to allow cable
 subscribers to use set-top boxes obtained from certain third
 parties, including third-party retailers. The most important of
 the FCC’s implementing regulations requires cable operators
 to offer separate equipment that provides only the security
 functions and not the signal-reception functions (so that cable
 subscribers can purchase set-top boxes or other navigational
 devices from third parties) and to cease placing into service
 new set-top boxes that have integrated security and
 signal-reception functions. The regulations requiring cable
 operators to cease distributing new set-top boxes with
 integrated security and signal-reception functions are currently
 scheduled to go into effect on July 1, 2007. On
 August 16, 2006, the National Cable and Telecommunications
 Association filed with the FCC a request that these rules be
 waived for all cable operators, including TWC, until a
 downloadable security solution is available or December 31,
 2009, whichever is earlier. No assurance can be given that the
 FCC will grant this or any other waiver request.

 TWC’s vendors have not yet manufactured, on a commercial
 scale, set-top boxes that can support all the services that TWC
 offers while relying on separate security devices. It is
 possible that TWC’s vendors will be unable to deliver the
 necessary set-top boxes in time for TWC to comply with the FCC
 regulations. It is also possible that the FCC will determine
 that the set-top boxes that TWC eventually obtains are not
 compliant with applicable rules. In either case, the FCC may
 penalize TWC. In addition, design and manufacture of the new
 set-top boxes will come at a significant expense, which
 TWC’s vendors will seek to pass on to TWC, but which TWC in
 turn may not be able to pass on to its customers, thereby
 increasing its costs. The Company expects that TWC will incur
 approximately $50 million in incremental set-top box costs
 during 2007 as a result of these regulations. The FCC has
 indicated that direct broadcast satellite operators are not
 required to comply with the FCC’s set-top box rules, and
 one telephone company has asked for a waiver of the rules. If
 TWC has to comply with the rule prohibiting set-top boxes with
 integrated security while its competitors are not required to
 comply with that rule, TWC may be at a competitive disadvantage.

 42

Table of Contents

 RISKS
 RELATING TO BOTH THE TIME WARNER
 NETWORKS AND FILMED ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESSES

 The Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments must
 respond to recent and future changes in technology, services and
 standards to remain competitive and continue to increase their
 revenue.
  Technology in the video,
 telecommunications and data services used in the entertainment
 industry is changing rapidly, and advances in technology, such
 as

video-on-demand,
 new video formats and distribution via the Internet, have led to
 alternative methods of product delivery and storage. Certain
 changes in consumer behavior driven by these methods of delivery
 and storage could have a negative effect on the revenue of the
 Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments. For example, devices
 that allow users to view television programs or motion pictures
 from a remote location may cause changes in consumer behavior
 that could negatively affect the subscription revenue of cable
 and DTH satellite operators and therefore have a corresponding
 negative effect on the subscription revenue generated by the
 Networks segment and the licensing revenue generated by the
 Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments. Devices that enable
 users to view television programs or motion pictures on a
 time-delayed basis or allow them to fast-forward or skip
 advertisements may cause changes in consumer behavior that could
 adversely affect the advertising revenue of the
 advertising-supported networks in the Networks segment and have
 an indirect negative impact on the licensing revenue generated
 by the Filmed Entertainment segment and the revenue generated by
 Home Box Office from the licensing of its original
 programming in syndication and to basic cable channels. In
 addition, further increased use of portable digital devices that
 allow users to view content of their own choice, at a time of
 their choice, while avoiding traditional commercial
 advertisements, could adversely affect such advertising and
 licensing revenue.

 Technological developments also pose other challenges for the
 Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments that could adversely
 impact their revenue and competitive position. For example, the
 Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments may not have the
 right, and may not be able to secure the right, to distribute
 their licensed content across new delivery platforms that are
 developed. In addition, technological developments could enable
 third-party owners of programming to bypass traditional content
 aggregators, such as the Turner networks and Home
 Box Office, and deal directly with cable and DTH satellite
 operators or other businesses that develop to offer content to
 viewers. Such limitations on the ability of the segments to
 distribute their content could have an adverse impact on their
 revenue. Cable system and DTH satellite operators are developing
 new techniques that enable them to transmit more channels on
 their existing equipment to highly targeted audiences, reducing
 the cost of creating channels and potentially furthering the
 development of more specialized niche audiences. A greater
 number of options increases competition for viewers, and
 competitors targeting programming to narrowly defined audiences
 may improve their competitive position compared to the Networks
 and Filmed Entertainment segments for television advertising and
 for subscription and licensing revenue. In addition, traditional
 ratings measures are likely to change with emerging technologies
 that can measure viewing audiences with improved sensitivity.
 These changes could result in changes to measured audiences,
 especially in the local geographic regions measured by Nielsen
 Media Research. Any decrease in measured audiences could
 adversely affect the advertising revenue of the
 advertising-supported networks in the Networks segment and have
 a negative impact on the licensing revenue generated by the
 Filmed Entertainment segment and the revenue generated by Home
 Box Office from the licensing of its original programming
 in syndication and to basic cable channels. The ability to
 anticipate and adapt to changes in technology on a timely basis
 and exploit new sources of revenue from these changes will
 affect the ability of the Networks and Filmed Entertainment
 segments to continue to grow and increase their revenue.

 The Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments operate in
 highly competitive industries.
  The
 Company’s Networks and Filmed Entertainment businesses
 generate revenue through the production and distribution of
 feature films, television programming and home video products,
 licensing fees, the sale of advertising and subscriber fees paid
 by affiliates. Competition faced by the businesses within these
 segments is intense and comes from many different sources. For
 example:

 • 

 The Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments compete with
 other television programming services for marketing and
 distribution by cable and other distribution systems.

 • 

 The Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments compete for
 viewers’ attention and audience share with other forms of
 programming provided to viewers, including broadcast networks,
 local
 over-the-air
 television stations, pay and basic cable television services,
 motion pictures, home video,

pay-per-view
 and

 43

Table of Contents

 video-on-demand
 services, Internet streaming and downloading and other online
 activities and other forms of news, information and
 entertainment.

 • 

 The Networks segment faces competition for programming with
 commercial television networks, independent stations, and pay
 and basic cable television services, some of which have
 exclusive contracts with motion picture studios and independent
 motion picture distributors.

 • 

 The production divisions in the Networks and Filmed
 Entertainment segments compete with other producers and
 distributors of television programming for air time on broadcast
 networks, independent commercial television stations, and cable
 television and DTH satellite networks.

 • 

 The production divisions in the Networks and Filmed
 Entertainment segments compete with other production companies
 for the services of producers, directors, writers, actors and
 others and for the acquisition of literary properties.

 • 

 The advertising-supported networks and Turner’s Internet
 sites in the Networks segment compete for advertising with
 numerous direct competitors and other media.

 • 

 The Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments compete in their
 character merchandising and other licensing activities with
 other licensors of character, brand and celebrity names.

 • 

 The Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments compete for
 viewers’ attention with other forms of entertainment and
 leisure time activities, including video games, the Internet and
 other computer-related activities.

 The ability of the Company’s Networks and Filmed
 Entertainment segments to compete successfully depends on many
 factors, including their ability to provide high-quality and
 popular entertainment product and their ability to achieve high
 distribution levels. There has been consolidation in the media
 industry, and the Company’s Networks and Filmed
 Entertainment segments’ competitors include industry
 participants with interests in other multiple media businesses
 that are often vertically integrated. Vertical integration of
 other television networks and television and film production
 companies could adversely impact the Networks segment if it
 hinders the ability of the Networks segment to obtain
 programming for its networks. In addition, if purchasers of
 programming increasingly purchase their programming from
 production companies with which they are affiliated, such
 vertical integration could have a negative effect on the Filmed
 Entertainment segment’s licensing revenue. Furthermore, as
 described above, there is increased competition in the
 television industry evidenced by the increasing number and
 variety of broadcast networks and basic cable and pay television
 programming services now available. Although this increase could
 result in greater licensing revenue for the Filmed Entertainment
 segment, it also could result in higher licensing costs for the
 Networks segment. There can be no assurance that the Networks
 and Filmed Entertainment segments will be able to compete
 successfully in the future against existing or potential
 competitors, or that competition will not have an adverse effect
 on their businesses or results of operations.

 The popularity of the Company’s television programs
 and films and other factors is difficult to predict and could
 lead to fluctuations in the revenue of the Networks and Filmed
 Entertainment segments.
  Television program
 and film production and distribution are inherently risky
 businesses largely because the revenue derived from the
 production and distribution of a television program or motion
 picture, as well as the licensing of rights to the intellectual
 property associated with a program or film, depends primarily on
 its acceptance by the public, which is difficult to predict. The
 commercial success of a television program or feature film also
 depends on the quality and acceptance of other competing
 programs and films released at or near the same time, the
 availability of alternate forms of entertainment and leisure
 time activities, general economic conditions and other tangible
 and intangible factors, many of which are difficult to predict.
 In the case of the Turner networks, audience sizes are also
 factors that are weighed when determining their advertising
 rates. Poor ratings in targeted demographics can lead to a
 reduction in pricing and advertising spending. Further, the
 theatrical success of a motion picture may affect revenue from
 other distribution channels, such as home entertainment and pay
 television programming services, and sales of licensed consumer
 products. Therefore, low public acceptance of the television
 programs or feature films of the Networks and Filmed
 Entertainment segments may adversely affect their respective
 results of operations.

 44

Table of Contents

 The Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments are subject
 to potential labor interruption.
  The Networks
 and Filmed Entertainment segments and certain of their suppliers
 retain the services of writers, directors, actors, trade
 employees and others involved in the production of motion
 pictures and television programs who are covered by collective
 bargaining agreements. The segments’ collective bargaining
 agreement with the Writer’s Guild of America (East and
 West) expires on October 31, 2007. Additionally, there are
 a number of other production-related bargaining groups whose
 contracts expire throughout 2007. If expiring collective
 bargaining agreements are not renewed, it is possible that the
 affected unions and other groups could take action in the form
 of strikes, work slowdowns or work stoppages. Such actions could
 cause delays in the production or the release dates of the
 segments’ television programs or feature films as well as
 higher costs resulting either from such action or less favorable
 terms of these agreements on renewal.

 Although piracy poses risks to several of Time
 Warner’s businesses, such risks are especially significant
 for the Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments due to the
 prevalence of piracy of feature films and television
 programming.
  See “Risks Relating to Time
 Warner Generally — Piracy of the Company’s
 feature films, television programming and other content may
 decrease the revenues received from the exploitation of the
 Company’s entertainment content and adversely affect its
 business and profitability.”

 RISKS
 RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S FILMED ENTERTAINMENT
 BUSINESS

 DVD sales have been declining, which may adversely affect
 the Filmed Entertainment segment’s growth prospects and
 results of operations.
  Several factors,
 including increasing competition for consumer discretionary
 spending, piracy, the maturation of the DVD format, increased
 competition for retailer shelf space and the fragmentation of
 consumer leisure time, may be contributing to an industry-wide
 decline in DVD sales both domestically and internationally. DVD
 sales also may be affected as consumers increasingly shift from
 consuming physical entertainment products to digital forms of
 entertainment. The filmed entertainment industry faces a
 challenge in managing the transition from physical to digital
 formats in a manner that continues to support the current DVD
 business and its relationships with large retail customers and
 yet meets the relatively small, but growing, consumer demand for
 delivery of filmed entertainment in a variety of digital
 formats. The high definition format war between the HD DVD and
 Blu-ray formats may slow consumer adoption of those technologies
 and may likewise result in increased competition for retailer
 shelf space. There can be no assurance that home video wholesale
 prices can be maintained at current levels, due to aggressive
 retail pricing, digital competition and other factors. A
 continuing decline in DVD sales could have an adverse impact on
 the segment’s results of operations and growth prospects.

 The Filmed Entertainment segment’s strategy includes
 the release of a limited number of “event” films each
 year, and the underperformance of one or more of these films
 could have an adverse effect on the Filmed Entertainment
 segment’s results of operations and financial
 condition.
  The Filmed Entertainment segment
 expects to theatrically release a limited number of feature
 films each year that are expected to be “event” or
 “tent-pole” films and that generally have higher
 production and marketing costs than the other films released
 during the year. The underperformance of one of these films can
 have an adverse impact on the segment’s results of
 operations in both the year of release and in the future.
 Historically, there has been a correlation between domestic box
 office success and international box office success, as well as
 a correlation between box office success and success in the
 subsequent distribution channels of home video and television.
 If the segment’s films fail to achieve box office success,
 the results of operations and financial condition of the Filmed
 Entertainment segment could be adversely affected. Further,
 there can be no assurance that these historical correlations
 will continue in the future.

 The costs of producing and marketing feature films have
 increased and may increase in the future, which may make it more
 difficult for a film to generate a
 profit.
  The production and marketing of
 feature films require substantial capital, and the costs of
 producing and marketing feature films have generally increased
 in recent years. These costs may continue to increase in the
 future, which may make it more difficult for the segment’s
 films to generate a profit. As production and marketing costs
 increase, it creates a greater need to generate revenue
 internationally or from other media, such as home video,
 television and new media.

 Changes in estimates of future revenues from feature films
 could result in the write-off or the acceleration of the
 amortization of film production costs.
  The
 Filmed Entertainment segment is required to amortize

 45

Table of Contents

 capitalized film production costs over the expected revenue
 streams as it recognizes revenue from the associated films. The
 amount of film production costs that will be amortized each
 quarter depends on how much future revenue the segment expects
 to receive from each film. Unamortized film production costs are
 evaluated for impairment each reporting period on a
 film-by-film
 basis. If estimated remaining revenue is not sufficient to
 recover the unamortized film production costs plus expected but
 unincurred marketing costs, the unamortized film production
 costs will be written down to fair value. In any given quarter,
 if the segment lowers its forecast with respect to total
 anticipated revenue from any individual feature film, it would
 be required to accelerate amortization of related film costs.
 Such a write-down or accelerated amortization could adversely
 impact the operating results of the Filmed Entertainment segment.

 A decrease in demand for television product could
 adversely affect Warner Bros.’
 revenues.
  Warner Bros. is a leading supplier
 of television programming. If there is a decrease in the demand
 for Warner Bros.’ television product, it could lead to the
 launch of fewer new television series and a reduction in the
 number of original programs ordered by the networks and the
 per-episode license fees generated by Warner Bros. in the near
 term. In addition, such a decrease in demand could lead to a
 reduction in syndication revenues in the future. Various factors
 may increase the risk of such a decrease in demand, including
 station group consolidation and vertical integration between
 station groups and broadcast networks, as well as the vertical
 integration between television production studios and broadcast
 networks, which can increase the networks’ reliance on
 their in-house or affiliated studios. In addition, the move of
 viewers and advertisers away from network television to other
 entertainment and information outlets could adversely affect the
 amount of original programming ordered by networks and the
 amount they are willing to pay for such programming. Local
 television stations may face loss of viewership and an
 accompanying loss of advertising revenue as viewers move to
 other entertainment outlets, which may negatively impact the
 segment’s ability to obtain the per-episode license fees in
 syndication that it has received in the past. Finally, the
 increasing popularity of local television content in
 international markets also could result in decreased demand,
 fewer available broadcast slots, and lower licensing and
 syndication revenue for U.S. television content.

 46

Table of Contents

 RISKS
 RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S NETWORKS BUSINESS

 The loss of affiliation agreements could cause the revenue
 of the Networks segment to decline in any given period, and
 further consolidation of multichannel video programming
 distributors could adversely affect the
 segment.
  The Networks segment depends on
 affiliation agreements with cable system and DTH satellite
 operators for the distribution of its networks, and there can be
 no assurance that these affiliation agreements will be renewed
 in the future on terms that are acceptable to the Networks
 segment. The renewal of such agreements on less favorable terms
 may adversely affect the segment’s results of operations.
 In addition, the loss of any one of these arrangements
 representing a significant number of subscribers or the loss of
 carriage on the most widely penetrated programming tiers could
 reduce the distribution of the segment’s programming, which
 may adversely affect its advertising and subscription revenue.
 The loss of favorable packaging, positioning, pricing or other
 marketing opportunities with any distributor of the
 segment’s networks also could reduce subscription revenue.
 In addition, further consolidation among cable system and DTH
 satellite operators has provided greater negotiating power to
 such distributors, and increased vertical integration of such
 distributors could adversely affect the segment’s ability
 to maintain or obtain distribution

and/or
 marketing for its networks on commercially reasonable terms, or
 at all.

 The inability of the Networks segment to license rights to
 popular programming or create popular original programming could
 adversely affect the segment’s
 revenue.
  The Networks segment obtains a
 significant portion of its popular programming from third
 parties. For example, some of Turner’s most widely viewed
 programming, including sports programming, is made available
 based on programming rights of varying durations that it has
 negotiated with third parties. Home Box Office also enters
 into commitments to acquire rights to feature films and other
 programming for its HBO and Cinemax pay television programming
 services from feature film producers and other suppliers for
 varying durations. Competition for popular programming licensed
 from third parties is intense, and the businesses in the segment
 may be outbid by their competitors for the rights to new popular
 programming or in connection with the renewal of popular
 programming they currently license. In addition, renewal costs
 could substantially exceed the existing contract costs.
 Alternatively, third parties from which the segment obtains
 programming, such as professional sports teams or leagues, could
 create their own networks.

 The operating results of the Networks segment also fluctuate
 with the popularity of its programming with the public, which is
 difficult to predict. Revenue from the segment’s businesses
 is therefore partially dependent on the segment’s ability
 to develop strong brand awareness and to target key areas of the
 television viewing audience, including both newer demographics
 and preferences for particular genres, as well as its ability to
 continue to anticipate and adapt to changes in consumer tastes
 and behavior on a timely basis. Moreover, the Networks segment
 derives a portion of its revenue from the exploitation of the
 Company’s library of feature films, animated titles and
 television titles. If the content of the Company’s
 programming libraries ceases to be of interest to audiences or
 is not continuously replenished with popular original content,
 the revenue of the Networks segment could be adversely affected.

 Increases in the costs of programming licenses and other
 significant costs may adversely affect the gross margins of the
 Networks segment.
  As described above, the
 Networks segment licenses a significant amount of its
 programming, such as motion pictures, television series, and
 sports events, from movie studios, television production
 companies and sports organizations. For example, the Turner
 networks license the rights to broadcast significant sports
 events such as the NBA play-offs and a series of NASCAR races.
 In addition, Home Box Office relies on film studios for a
 significant portion of its content. If the level of demand for
 quality content exceeds the amount of quality content available,
 the networks may have to pay significantly higher licensing
 costs, which in turn will exert greater pressure on the segment
 to offset such increased costs with higher advertising

and/or
 subscription revenue. There can be no assurance that the
 Networks segment will be able to renew existing or enter into
 additional license agreements for its programming and, if so, if
 it will be able to do so on terms that are similar to existing
 terms. There also can be no assurance that it will be able to
 obtain the rights to distribute the content it licenses over new
 distribution platforms on acceptable terms. If it is unable to
 obtain such extensions, renewals or agreements on acceptable
 terms, the gross margins of the Networks segment may be
 adversely affected.

 The Networks segment also produces programming, and it incurs
 costs for new show concepts and all types of creative talent,
 including actors, writers and producers. The segment incurs
 additional significant costs, such as

 47

Table of Contents

 newsgathering and marketing costs. Unless they are offset by
 increased revenue, increases in the costs of creative talent or
 in production, newsgathering or marketing costs may lead to
 decreased profits at the Networks segments.

 The continued decline in the growth rate of
 U.S. basic cable and DTH satellite households, together
 with rising retail rates, distributors’ focus on selling
 alternative products and other factors, could adversely affect
 the future revenue growth of the Networks
 segment.
  The U.S. video services
 business generally is a mature business, which may have a
 negative impact on the ability of the Networks segment to
 achieve incremental growth in its advertising and subscription
 revenues. In addition, programming distributors may increase
 their resistance to wholesale programming price increases, and
 programming distributors are increasingly focused on selling
 services other than video, such as high-speed data access and
 voice services. Also, consumers’ basic cable rates have
 continued to increase, which could cause consumers to cancel
 their cable or satellite service subscriptions. The inability of
 the Networks segment to implement measures to maintain future
 revenue growth may adversely affect its business.

 Changes in U.S. or foreign communications laws or
 other regulations may have an adverse effect on the business of
 the Networks segment.
  The multichannel video
 programming and distribution industries in the United States, as
 well as broadcast networks, are regulated by U.S. federal
 laws and regulations issued and administered by various federal
 agencies, including the FCC. The U.S. Congress and the FCC
 currently are considering, and may in the future adopt, new
 laws, regulations and policies regarding a wide variety of
 matters that could, directly or indirectly, affect the
 operations of the Networks segment. For example, the FCC has
 been examining whether cable operators should offer “à
 la carte” programming to subscribers on a

network-by-network
 basis or provide “family-friendly” tiers. A number of
 cable operators, including TWC, have voluntarily agreed to offer
 family tiers in light of this interest. The unbundling or
 tiering of program services may reduce distribution of certain
 cable networks, thereby creating the risk of reduced viewership
 and increased marketing expenses, and may affect the
 segment’s ability to compete for or attract the same level
 of advertising dollars. Any decline in subscribers could lead to
 a decrease in the segment’s advertising and subscription
 revenues.

 There also has been consideration of the extension of indecency
 rules applicable to
 over-the-air
 broadcasters to cable and satellite programming and stricter
 enforcement of existing laws and rules. If such an extension or
 attempt to increase enforcement occurred and were upheld, the
 content of the Networks segment could be subject to additional
 regulation, which could affect subscriber and viewership levels.
 Moreover, the determination of whether content is indecent is
 inherently subjective and, as such, it can be difficult to
 predict whether particular content would violate indecency
 standards. The difficulty in predicting whether individual
 programs, words or phrases may violate the FCC’s indecency
 rules adds uncertainty to the ability of the Networks segment to
 comply with the rules. Violation of the indecency rules could
 lead to sanctions that may adversely affect the businesses and
 results of operations of the Networks segment.

 RISKS
 RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S PUBLISHING BUSINESS

 The Publishing segment’s operating income could
 decrease as a result of rising paper costs and postal rates, and
 its business could be negatively impacted by a significant
 disruption in postal service.
  The Publishing
 segment’s principal raw material is paper, and paper prices
 have fluctuated over the past several years. Accordingly,
 significant unanticipated increases in paper prices could
 adversely affect the segment’s operating income. Postage
 for magazine distribution and direct solicitation is another
 significant operating expense of the Publishing segment, which
 primarily uses the U.S. Postal Service to distribute its
 products. The U.S. Postal Service implemented a postal rate
 increase of 5.4% effective January 8, 2006 and has proposed
 an additional increase of approximately 10% effective
 May 6, 2007, which is currently being challenged before the
 Postal Rate Commission. If there are further or more frequent
 significant increases in paper costs or postal rates and the
 Publishing segment is not able to offset these increases, they
 could have a negative impact on the segment’s operating
 income. In addition, if factors such as increased fuel and wage
 costs lead to a significant reduction or disruption in the
 service provided by the U.S. Postal Service, this could
 adversely affect the Publishing segment’s business.

 The Publishing segment faces risks relating to various
 regulatory and legislative matters, including changes in Audit
 Bureau of Circulations rules and possible changes in regulation
 of direct marketing.
  The Publishing
 segment’s magazine subscription and direct marketing
 activities are subject to regulation by the FTC and the states

 48

Table of Contents

 under general consumer protection statutes prohibiting unfair or
 deceptive acts or practices. Certain areas of marketing activity
 are also subject to specific federal statutes and rules, such as
 the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, the Children’s
 Online Privacy Protection Act, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
 (relating to financial privacy), the FTC Mail or Telephone Order
 Merchandise Rule and the FTC Telemarketing Sales Rule. Other
 statutes and rules also regulate conduct in areas such as
 privacy, data security and telemarketing. New statutes and
 regulations are adopted frequently. In addition, the Publishing
 segment’s magazine subscription and direct marketing
 activities are subject to the rules of the Audit Bureau of
 Circulations. New rules, as well as new interpretations of
 existing rules, are periodically adopted by the Audit Bureau of
 Circulations and could lead to changes in the segment’s
 marketing methods that could have a negative effect on the
 segment’s ability to generate new magazine subscriptions,
 meet rate bases and support advertising sales.

 The Publishing segment faces significant competition for
 advertising and circulation.
  The Publishing
 segment faces significant competition from several direct
 competitors and other media, including the Internet. The
 Publishing segment’s magazine operations compete for
 circulation and audience with numerous other magazine publishers
 and other media. The Publishing segment’s magazine
 operations also compete with other magazine publishers and other
 media for advertising directed at the general public and at more
 focused demographic groups. Time Inc.’s direct marketing
 operations compete with other direct marketers through all media
 for the consumer’s attention.

 Competition for advertising revenue is primarily based on
 advertising rates, the nature and amount of readership, reader
 response to advertisers’ products and services and the
 effectiveness of sales teams. Other competitive factors in
 magazine publishing include product positioning, editorial
 quality, circulation, price and customer service, which impact
 readership audience, circulation revenue and, ultimately,
 advertising revenue. The magazine publishing business presents
 few barriers to entry and many new magazines are launched
 annually across multiple sectors. In recent years competitors
 launched
 and/or
 repositioned many magazines, primarily in the celebrity and
 women’s service sectors, that compete directly with

People, In Style, Real Simple and other Publishing
 segment magazines, particularly at newsstand checkouts in
 mass-market retailers. The Company anticipates that it will face
 continuing competition from these new competitors, and it is
 possible that additional competitors may enter this field and
 further intensify competition, which could have an adverse
 impact on the segment’s revenue.

 The Publishing segment has in recent years made various changes
 in its circulation practices and consequently faces new
 challenges in identifying new subscribers and increasing
 circulation, which could have an adverse impact not only on its
 circulation revenue but also on its advertising revenue.

 The Publishing segment could face increased costs and
 business disruption resulting from instability in the newsstand
 distribution channel.
  The Publishing segment
 operates a national distribution business that relies on
 wholesalers to distribute magazines published by the Publishing
 segment and other publishers to newsstands and other retail
 outlets. Due to industry consolidation, four wholesalers
 represent more than 80% of the wholesale magazine distribution
 business. There is a possibility of further consolidation among
 these wholesalers

and/or
 insolvency of one or more of these wholesalers. Should there be
 a disruption in this wholesale channel it could adversely affect
 the Publishing segment’s operating income and cash flow,
 including temporarily impeding the Publishing segment’s
 ability to distribute magazines to the retail marketplace.

 Although the shift in consumer habits
 and/or
 advertising expenditures from traditional to online media poses
 risks to several of the Company’s businesses, such risks
 are particularly significant for the Company’s Publishing
 segment because a substantial portion of the segment’s
 revenue is derived from the sale of
 advertising.

  See “Risks Relating to Time
 Warner Generally — The introduction and increased
 popularity of alternative technologies for the distribution of
 news, entertainment and other information and the resulting
 shift in consumer habits

and/or
 advertising expenditures from traditional to online media could
 adversely affect the revenues of the Company’s Publishing,
 Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments.”