. 

The risks described below and elsewhere in this annual report are not the only ones that relate to our
businesses or our capitalization. The risks described below are considered to be the most material. However, there may be other unknown or unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or
other factors that also could have material adverse effects on our businesses. Past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used
to anticipate results or trends in future periods. If any of the events described below were to occur, our businesses, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows could be
materially adversely affected.

 Risks Relating to the Ownership of Our Common Stock due to our Tracking Stock Capitalization 

        The risks described below apply to the ownership of our Liberty Interactive common stock, our Liberty Starz common stock and our
Liberty Capital common stock due to our tracking stock capitalization. 

        Holders of Liberty Interactive common stock, Liberty Starz common stock and Liberty Capital common stock are common stockholders of our company and are, therefore, subject to risks
associated with an investment in our company as a whole, even if a holder does not own shares of common stock of all three of our groups.

    Even though we have
attributed, for financial reporting purposes, all of our consolidated assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and cash flows to each of the Interactive Group, the Starz Group and the Capital Group in
order to prepare the separate financial statement schedules for each of those groups, we retain legal title to all of our assets; and our capitalization does not limit our legal responsibility, or
that of our subsidiaries, for the liabilities included in any set of financial statement schedules. Holders of Liberty Interactive common stock, Liberty Starz common stock and Liberty Capital common
stock do not have any legal rights related to specific assets attributed to the Interactive Group, the Capital Group or the Starz Group and, in any liquidation, holders of Liberty Interactive common
stock, holders of Liberty Capital common stock and holders of Liberty Starz 

I-26

Table of Contents

common
stock are entitled to receive a pro rata share of our available net assets based on their respective numbers of liquidation units. 

         We could be required to use assets attributed to one group to pay liabilities attributed to another group or groups.

    The assets
attributed to one
group are potentially subject to the liabilities attributed to the other groups, even if those liabilities arise from lawsuits, contracts or indebtedness that are attributed to such other group(s).
While our current management and allocation policies provide that reattributions of assets between groups will result in the creation of an inter-group loan or an inter-group interest or an offsetting
reattribution of cash or other assets, no provision of our amended charter prevents us from satisfying liabilities of one group with assets of another group, and our creditors will not in any way be
limited by our tracking stock capitalization from proceeding against any assets they could have proceeded against if we did not have a tracking stock capitalization. 

         The market price of Liberty Interactive common stock, Liberty Starz common stock and Liberty Capital common stock may not reflect the performance of the Interactive Group, the
Starz
Group and the Capital Group, respectively, as we intend.

    We cannot assure you that the market price of the common stock of a group will, in fact, reflect the
performance of the group of businesses, assets and liabilities attributed to that group. Holders of Liberty Interactive common stock, Liberty Starz common stock and Liberty Capital common stock are
common stockholders of our company as a whole and, as such, are subject to all risks associated with an investment in our company and all of our businesses, assets and liabilities. As a result, the
market price of each series of stock of a group may simply reflect the performance of our company as a whole or may more independently reflect the performance of some or all of the group of assets
attributed to such group. In addition, investors may discount the value of the stock of a group because it is part of a common enterprise rather than a stand-alone entity. 

        The market price of Liberty Interactive common stock, Liberty Starz common stock and Liberty Capital common stock may be volatile, could fluctuate substantially and could be
affected by
factors that do not affect traditional common stock.

    The market prices of Liberty Interactive common stock, Liberty Starz common stock and Liberty Capital common
stock may be materially affected by, among other things: 

•

actual or anticipated fluctuations in a group's operating results or in the operating results of particular companies
attributable to such group; 

•

potential acquisition activity by our company or the companies in which we invest; 

•

issuances of debt or equity securities to raise capital by our company or the companies in which we invest and the manner
in which that debt or the proceeds of an equity issuance are attributed to each of the groups; 

•

changes in financial estimates by securities analysts regarding Liberty Interactive common stock, Liberty Capital common
stock or Liberty Starz common stock or the companies attributable to any of our tracking stock groups; 

•

the complex nature and the potential difficulties investors may have in understanding the terms of each of our tracking
stocks, as well as concerns regarding the possible effect of certain of those terms on an investment in our stock; and 

•

general market conditions. 

         The market value of Liberty Interactive common stock, Liberty Starz common stock and Liberty Capital common stock could be adversely affected by events involving the assets and
businesses attributed to any of the groups.

    Because we are the issuer of Liberty Interactive common stock, Liberty Starz common stock and Liberty Capital common
stock, an adverse market reaction to events relating to the assets and businesses attributed to one of our groups, such as earnings announcements or announcements of new products or services,
acquisitions or dispositions that the market does not view favorably, may cause an adverse reaction to the common stock of our other groups. This could occur even if the triggering event is not
material to us as a whole. In addition, the incurrence of significant indebtedness by us or 

I-27

Table of Contents

any
of our subsidiaries on behalf of one group, including indebtedness incurred or assumed in connection with acquisitions of or investments in businesses, could affect our credit rating and that of
our subsidiaries and, therefore, could increase the borrowing costs of businesses attributable to our other groups or the borrowing costs of our company as a whole. 

        We may not pay dividends equally or at all on Liberty Interactive common stock, Liberty Capital common stock or Liberty Starz common stock.

    We do not
presently intend to pay cash dividends on Liberty
Interactive common stock, Liberty Capital common stock or Liberty Starz common stock for the foreseeable future. However, we will have the right to pay dividends on the shares of common stock of each
group in equal or unequal amounts, and we may pay dividends on the shares of common stock of one group and not pay dividends on shares of common stock of one or both of the other groups. In addition,
any dividends or distributions on, or repurchases of, shares relating to any group will reduce our assets legally available to be paid as dividends on the shares relating to the other groups. 

        Our tracking stock capital structure could create conflicts of interest, and our board of directors may make decisions that could adversely affect only some holders of our common
stock.

    Our tracking stock capital structure could give rise to occasions when the interests of holders of stock of one group might diverge or appear to diverge
from the interests of holders of stock of one or both of the other groups. In addition, given the nature of their businesses, there may be inherent conflicts of interests between the Interactive
Group, the Starz Group and the Capital Group. Our officers and directors owe fiduciary duties to all of our stockholders. The fiduciary duties owed by such officers and directors are to our company as
a whole, and decisions deemed to be in the best interest of our company may not be in the best interest of a particular group when considered independently. Examples
include: 

•

decisions as to the terms of any business relationships that may be created between and among the Interactive Group, the
Capital Group and/or the Starz Group or the terms of any reattributions of assets between or among the groups; 

•

decisions as to the allocation of consideration among the holders of Liberty Interactive common stock, Liberty Capital
common stock and/or Liberty Starz common stock, or among the series of stocks relating to any of our groups, to be received in connection with a merger involving our company; 

•

decisions as to the allocation of corporate opportunities between the groups, especially where the opportunities might
meet the strategic business objectives of more than one group; 

•

decisions as to operational and financial matters that could be considered detrimental to some groups but beneficial to
others; 

•

decisions as to the conversion of shares of common stock of one group into shares of common stock of another; 

•

decisions regarding the creation of, and, if created, the subsequent increase or decrease of any inter-group interest that
one group may own in another group; 

•

decisions as to the internal or external financing attributable to business or assets attributed to any of our groups; 

•

decisions as to the dispositions of assets of any of our groups; and 

•

decisions as to the payment of dividends on the stock relating to any of our groups. 

        In
addition, if directors own disproportionate interests (in percentage or value terms) in Liberty Interactive common stock, Liberty Capital common stock or Liberty Starz common stock,
that disparity could create or appear to create conflicts of interest when they are faced with decisions that could have different implications for the holders of Liberty Interactive common stock,
Liberty Capital common stock or Liberty Starz common stock. 

I-28

Table of Contents 

         Other than pursuant to our stated management and allocation policies, we have not adopted any specific procedures for consideration of matters involving a divergence of interests
among
holders of shares of stock relating to our different groups, or among holders of different series of stock relating to a specific group.

    Rather than develop
additional specific procedures in advance, our board of directors intends to exercise its judgment from time to time, depending on the circumstances, as to how best to: 

•

obtain information regarding the divergence (or potential divergence) of interests; 

•

determine under what circumstances to seek the assistance of outside advisers; 

•

determine whether a committee of our board of directors should be appointed to address a specific matter and the
appropriate members of that committee; and 

•

assess what is in our best interests and the best interests of all of our stockholders. 

        Our
board of directors believes the advantage of retaining flexibility in determining how to fulfill its responsibilities in any such circumstances as they may arise outweighs any
perceived advantages of adopting additional specific procedures in advance. 

         Our board of directors may change the management and allocation policies to the detriment of any group without stockholder approval.

    Our board of
directors has adopted certain management and allocation policies to serve as guidelines in making decisions regarding the relationships between and among the Interactive Group, the Starz Group and the
Capital Group with respect to matters such as tax liabilities and benefits, inter-group loans, inter-group interests, attribution of assets acquired after the restructuring of a group, financing
alternatives, corporate opportunities and similar items. These policies are not included in the amended charter. Our board of directors may at any time change or make exceptions to these policies.
Because these policies relate to matters concerning the day to day management of our company as opposed to significant corporate actions, such as a merger involving our company or a sale of
substantially all of our assets, no stockholder approval is required with respect to their adoption or amendment. A decision to change, or make exceptions to, these policies or adopt additional
policies could disadvantage one or more groups while advantaging the other(s). 

         Holders of shares of stock relating to a particular group may not have any remedies if any action by our directors or officers has an adverse effect on only that stock, or on a
particular series of that stock.

    Principles of Delaware law and the provisions of our amended charter may protect decisions of our board of directors that have a
disparate impact upon holders of shares of stock relating to a particular group, or upon holders of any series of stock relating to a particular group. Under Delaware law, the board of directors has a
duty to act with due care and in the best interests of all of our stockholders, regardless of the stock, or series, they hold. Principles of Delaware law established in cases involving differing
treatment of multiple classes or series of stock provide that a board of directors owes an equal duty to all common stockholders and does not have separate or additional duties to any subset of
stockholders. Judicial opinions in Delaware involving tracking stocks have established that decisions by directors or officers involving differing treatment of holders of tracking stocks may be judged
under the business judgment rule. In some circumstances, our directors or officers may be required to make a decision that is viewed as adverse to the holders of shares relating to a particular group
or to the holders of a particular series of that stock. Under the principles of Delaware law and the business judgment rule referred to above, you may not be able to successfully challenge decisions
that you believe have a disparate impact upon the stockholders of one of our groups if our board of directors is disinterested
and independent with respect to the action taken, is adequately informed with respect to the action taken and acts in good faith and in the honest belief that the board is acting in the best interest
of all of our stockholders. 

         Stockholders will not vote on how to attribute consideration received in connection with a merger involving our company among holders of Liberty Interactive common stock, Liberty
Starz
common stock and 

I-29

Table of Contents

 Liberty Capital common stock.

    Our amended charter does not contain any provisions governing how consideration received in connection with a merger or consolidation
involving our company is to be attributed to the holders of Liberty Interactive common stock, holders of Liberty Capital common stock and holders of Liberty Starz common stock or to the holders of
different series of stock, and none of the holders of Liberty Interactive common stock, Liberty Capital common stock or Liberty Starz common stock will have a separate class vote in the event of such
a merger or consolidation. Consistent with applicable principles of Delaware law, our board of directors will seek to divide the type and amount of consideration received in a merger or consolidation
involving our company among holders of Liberty Interactive common stock, Liberty Starz common stock and Liberty Capital common stock in a fair manner. As the different ways the board of directors may
divide the consideration between holders of stock relating to the different groups, and among holders of different series of a particular stock, might have materially different results, the
consideration to be received by holders of Liberty Interactive common stock, Liberty Starz common stock and Liberty Capital common stock in any such merger or consolidation may be materially less
valuable than the consideration they would have received if they had a separate class vote on such merger or consolidation. 

        We may dispose of assets of the Interactive Group, the Capital Group or the Starz Group without your approval.

    Delaware law
requires stockholder
approval only for a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of our company taken as a whole, and our amended charter does not require a separate class vote in the case of a
sale of a significant amount of assets of any of our groups. As long as the assets attributed to the Interactive Group, the Capital Group or the Starz Group proposed to be disposed of represent less
than substantially all of our assets, we may approve sales and other dispositions of any amount of the assets of such group without any stockholder approval. Based on the composition of the groups, we
believe that a sale of all or substantially all of the assets attributed to any group, on a stand alone basis, would not be considered a sale of substantially all of the assets of our company
requiring stockholder approval. 

        If
we dispose of all or substantially all of the assets attributed to any group (which means, for this purpose, assets representing 80% of the fair market value of the total assets of
the disposing group, as determined by our board of directors), we would be required, if the disposition is not an exempt disposition under the terms of our amended charter, to choose one or more of
the following three alternatives: 

•

declare and pay a dividend on the disposing group's common stock; 

•

redeem shares of the disposing group's common stock in exchange for cash, securities or other property; and/or 

•

convert all of the disposing group's outstanding common stock into common stock of one of the other groups. 

        In
this type of a transaction, holders of the disposing group's common stock may receive less value than the value that a third-party buyer might pay for all or substantially all of the
assets of the disposing group. 

        Our
board of directors will decide, in its sole discretion, how to proceed and is not required to select the option that would result in the highest value to holders of any group of our
common stock. 

         Holders of Liberty Interactive common stock, Liberty Capital common stock or Liberty Starz common stock may receive less consideration upon a sale of the assets attributed to that
group
than if that group were a separate company.

    If the Interactive Group, the Capital Group or the Starz Group were a separate, independent company and its shares were
acquired by another person, certain costs of that sale, including corporate level taxes, might not be payable in connection with that acquisition. As a result, stockholders of a separate, independent
company with the same assets might receive a greater amount of proceeds than the holders of Liberty Interactive common stock, Liberty Capital common stock or 

I-30

Table of Contents

Liberty
Starz common stock would receive upon a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the group to which their shares relate. In addition, we cannot assure you that in the event of such a
sale the per share consideration to be paid to holders of Liberty Interactive common stock, Liberty Capital common stock or Liberty Starz common stock, as the case may be, will be equal to or more
than the per share value of that share of stock prior to or after the announcement of a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the applicable group. Further, there is no requirement that
the consideration paid be tax-free to the holders of the shares of common stock of that group. Accordingly, if we sell all or substantially all of the assets attributed to the Interactive
Group,
the Capital Group or the Starz Group, our stockholders could suffer a loss in the value of their investment in our company. 

         Our board of directors may in its sole discretion elect to convert the common stock relating to one group into common stock relating to one of our other groups, thereby changing
the
nature of your investment and possibly diluting your economic interest in our company, which could result in a loss in value to you.

    Our amended charter permits
our board of directors, in its sole discretion, to convert all of the outstanding shares of common stock relating to any of our groups into shares of common stock of any of our other groups. A
conversion would preclude the holders of stock in both groups involved in such conversion from retaining their investment in a security that is intended to reflect separately the performance of the
relevant group. We cannot predict the impact on the market value of our stock of (1) our board of directors' ability to effect any such conversion or (2) the exercise of this conversion
right by our company. In addition, our board of directors may effect such a conversion at a time when the market value of our stock could cause the stockholders of one group to be disadvantaged. 

         Holders of Liberty Interactive common stock, Liberty Starz common stock and Liberty Capital common stock vote together and have limited separate voting
rights.

    Holders of Liberty Interactive common stock, Liberty Starz common stock and Liberty Capital common stock vote together as a single class, except in certain
limited circumstances prescribed by our amended charter and under Delaware law. Each share of Series B common stock of each group has ten votes per share, and each share of Series A
common stock of each group has one vote per share. Holders of Series C common stock of any group have no voting rights, other than those required under Delaware law. When holders of Liberty
Interactive common stock, Liberty Starz common stock and Liberty Capital common stock vote together as a single class, holders having a majority of the votes will be in a position to control the
outcome of the vote even if the matter involves a conflict of interest among our stockholders or has a greater impact on one group than the other. 

         Our capital structure as well as the fact that the Interactive Group, the Capital Group and the Starz Group are not independent companies may inhibit or prevent acquisition bids
for the
Interactive Group, the Capital Group or the Starz Group.

    If the Interactive Group, the Starz Group and the Capital Group were separate independent companies, any
person interested in acquiring the Interactive Group, the Capital Group or the Starz Group without negotiating with management could seek control of that group by obtaining control of its outstanding
voting stock, by means of a tender offer, or by means of a proxy contest. Although we intend Liberty Interactive common stock, Liberty Starz common stock and Liberty Capital common stock to reflect
the separate economic performance of the Interactive Group, the Starz Group and the Capital Group, respectively, those groups are not separate entities and a person interested in acquiring only one
group without negotiation with our management could obtain control of that group only by obtaining control of a majority in voting power of all of the outstanding shares of common stock of our
company. The existence of shares of common stock, and different series of shares, relating to different groups could present complexities and in certain circumstances pose obstacles, financial and
otherwise, to an acquiring person that are not present in companies which do not have capital structures similar to ours. 

I-31

Table of Contents

        It may be difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so may be beneficial to our stockholders.

    Certain provisions
of our amended
charter and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company that a stockholder may consider favorable. These provisions include: 

•

authorizing a capital structure with multiple series of common stock, a Series B common stock of each group that
entitles the holders to ten votes per share, a Series A common stock of each group that entitles the holder to one vote per share, and a Series C common stock of each group that except
as otherwise required by applicable law, entitles the holder to no voting rights; 

•

classifying our board of directors with staggered three-year terms, which may lengthen the time required to
gain control of our board of directors; 

•

limiting who may call special meetings of stockholders; 

•

prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, thereby requiring all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of
the stockholders; 

•

establishing advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election to the board of directors or for
proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings; 

•

requiring stockholder approval by holders of at least 662/
3% of our aggregate voting power or the approval
by at least 75% of our board of directors with respect to certain extraordinary matters, such as a merger or consolidation of our company, a sale of all or substantially all of our assets or an
amendment to our restated charter; and 

•

the existence of authorized and unissued stock, including "blank check" preferred stock, which could be issued by our
board of directors to persons friendly to our then current management, thereby protecting the continuity of our management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to
obtain control of our company. 

        Our
chairman, John C. Malone, beneficially owns shares representing the power to direct approximately 34% of the aggregate voting power in our company, due to his beneficial ownership of
approximately 83% of the outstanding shares of Series B Liberty Capital common stock, 94% of the outstanding shares of Series B Liberty Interactive common stock and approximately 83% of
the Series B Liberty Starz common stock. 

 Factors Relating to our Company, the Interactive Group, the Starz Group and the Capital Group 

        The risks described below apply to our company and to the businesses and assets attributable to the Interactive Group, the Starz Group
and the Capital Group. 

         The historical financial information of the Interactive Group, the Starz Group and the Capital Group may not necessarily reflect their results had they been separate
companies.

    One of the reasons for the creation of a tracking stock is to permit equity investors to apply more specific criteria in valuing the shares of a
particular group, such as comparisons of earnings multiples with those of other companies in the same business sector. In valuing shares of Liberty Interactive common stock, Liberty Starz common stock
and Liberty Capital common stock, investors should recognize that the historical financial information of the Interactive Group, the Starz Group and the Capital Group has been extracted from our
consolidated financial statements and may not necessarily reflect what the Interactive Group's, the Capital Group's and the Starz Group's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows
would have been had the Interactive Group, the Starz Group and the Capital Group been separate, stand-alone entities pursuing independent strategies during the periods presented. 

         Our programming and e-commerce subsidiaries as well as some of our business affiliates depend on their relationships with third party distribution channels, suppliers and
advertisers and any adverse changes in 

I-32

Table of Contents

 these relationships could adversely affect our results of operations and those attributed to any of our groups.

    An important component of the success of our
programming and e-commerce subsidiaries as well as some of our business affiliates is their ability to maintain their existing, as well as build new, relationships with a limited number of
local and national cable and satellite providers, suppliers and advertisers, among other parties. There can be no assurance that our programming suppliers will be able to obtain or maintain carriage
of their programming services by distributors on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Similarly, there can be no assurance that our subsidiaries and business affiliates will be able to maintain
their existing supplier or advertising arrangements on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Adverse changes in existing relationships or the inability to enter into new arrangements with these
parties on favorable terms, if at all, could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations and those attributed to our groups. 

         Rapid technological advances could render the products and services offered by our groups' subsidiaries and business affiliates obsolete or
non-competitive.

    The subsidiaries and business affiliates attributed to each group must stay abreast of rapidly evolving technological developments and
offerings to remain competitive and increase the utility of their services. These subsidiaries and business affiliates must be able to incorporate new technologies into their products in order to
address the needs of their customers. There can be no assurance that they will be able to compete with advancing technology, and any failure to do so could result in customers seeking alternative
service providers and may adversely affect the group to which they are attributed, thereby adversely impacting our revenue and operating income. 

         The subsidiaries and business affiliates attributable to each group are subject to risks of adverse government regulation.

    Programming services,
cable television systems, the Internet, telephony services and satellite service providers are subject to varying degrees of regulation in the United States by the Federal Communications Commission
and other entities and in foreign countries by similar regulators. Such regulation and legislation are subject to the political process and have been in constant flux over the past decade. The
application of various sales and use tax provisions under state, local and foreign law to the products and services of our Interactive Group subsidiaries and certain of our business affiliates sold
via the Internet, television and telephone is subject to interpretation by the applicable taxing authorities, and no assurance can be given that such authorities will not take a contrary position to
that taken by the subsidiaries of our Interactive Group and certain of our business affiliates, which could have a material adverse effect on their businesses. In addition, there have been numerous
attempts at the federal, state and local levels to impose additional taxes on online commerce transactions. Moreover, substantially every foreign country in which our subsidiaries or business
affiliates have, or may in the future make, an investment regulates, in varying degrees, the distribution, content and
ownership of programming services and foreign investment in programming companies and wireline and wireless cable communications, satellite and telephony services and the Internet. Further material
changes in the law and regulatory requirements must be anticipated, and there can be no assurance that the businesses and assets attributed to each group will become subject to increased expenses or
more stringent restrictions as a result of any by future legislation, new regulation or deregulation. 

        The success of our programming subsidiaries as well as certain of our business affiliates attributed to each group depends on audience acceptance of its programs and services which
is
difficult to predict.

    Entertainment content production, premium subscription television program services, and satellite radio services are inherently risky
businesses because the revenue derived from these businesses depends primarily upon the public's acceptance of these programs and services, which is difficult to predict. The commercial success of a
cable program, premium subscription television service or satellite radio program depends upon the quality and acceptance of competing programs and other entertainment content available in the
marketplace at or near the same time, the availability of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure time activities, general economic conditions and other tangible and intangible 

I-33

Table of Contents

factors,
many of which are difficult to predict. Audience sizes for cable programming and premium subscription television programs are important factors when cable television and
direct-to-home (DTH) satellite providers negotiate affiliation agreements and, in the case of ad-supported programming and satellite radio service, when advertising
rates are negotiated. Consequently, low public acceptance of the programs and services offered by our subsidiaries and business affiliates will have an adverse effect on our results of operations and
could hurt the ability of our programming subsidiaries and certain of our business affiliates to maintain rates charged to affiliates, subscribers and advertisers. 

         Our Interactive Group subsidiaries and business affiliates conduct their businesses under highly competitive conditions.

    Although QVC and HSN are two
of the nation's largest home shopping networks, they and our e-commerce companies have numerous and varied competitors at the national and local levels, including conventional and
specialty department stores, other specialty stores, mass merchants, value retailers, discounters, and Internet and mail-order retailers. Competition is characterized by many factors,
including assortment, advertising, price, quality, service, location, reputation and credit availability. If our Interactive Group subsidiaries and business affiliates do not compete effectively with
regard to these factors, their results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

         The sales and operating results of our Interactive Group subsidiaries and business affiliates depend on their ability to predict or respond to consumer
preferences.

    The sales and operating results of our Interactive
Group subsidiaries and business affiliates depend in part on their ability to predict or respond to changes in consumer preferences and fashion trends in a timely manner. QVC and
e-commerce companies develop new retail concepts and continuously adjust their product mix in an effort to satisfy customer demands. Any sustained failure to identify and respond to
emerging trends in lifestyle and consumer preferences could have a material adverse affect on the businesses of our Interactive Group subsidiaries and business affiliates. Consumer spending may be
affected by many factors outside of their control, including competition from store-based retailers, mail-order and Internet companies, consumer confidence and preferences, and general
economic conditions. 

        Increased programming and content costs may adversely affect profits.

    Two of our subsidiaries, QVC and Starz, and one of our
business affiliates,
HSN, produce programming and other content and incur costs for all types of creative talent including writers, producers, actors and other on-air talent. Starz also acquires programming,
such as movies and television series, from television production companies and movie studios. An increase in the costs of programming and other content may lead to decreased profitability. 

         Continuingly weak economic conditions may reduce consumer demand for our products and services.

    The current economic downturn in
the United States
and in other regions of the world in which our subsidiaries and affiliates operate could adversely affect demand for our products and services. A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from
discretionary spending by individuals, which typically falls during times of economic instability. A reduction in discretionary spending could adversely affect revenue across our tracking stock groups
including lagging retail sales, potential downgrades by satellite and cable television subscribers, reduced live-entertainment expenditures (such as for concerts and sporting events) and a
drastic slowdown in auto sales (which is an important source of satellite radio subscribers). Accordingly, our ability to increase or maintain revenue and earnings could be adversely affected to the
extent that relevant economic environments remain weak or decline further. We currently are unable to predict the extent of any of these potential adverse effects. 

         The success of two of our subsidiaries, QVC and Starz, depend in large part on their ability to recruit and retain key personnel.

    QVC has a business
model that requires it to recruit and retain key employees with the skills necessary for a unique business that demands knowledge of the general retail industry, television production, direct to
consumer marketing, fulfillment and the Internet. In addition, as Starz's original programming continues to gain greater market share, the key talent associated with 

I-34

Table of Contents

this
original programming will become difficult to replace. We cannot assure you that if QVC or Starz experience turnover of these key persons, they will be able to recruit and retain acceptable
replacements, in part, because the market for such employees is very competitive and limited. 

         Our subsidiary, QVC, has operations outside of the United States that are subject to numerous operational and financial risks.

    QVC has operations in
countries other than the United States and are subject to the following risks inherent in international operations: 

•

fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 

•

longer payment cycles for sales in foreign countries that may increase the uncertainty associated with recoverable
accounts; 

•

recessionary conditions and economic instability affecting overseas markets; 

•

potentially adverse tax consequences; 

•

export and import restrictions, tariffs and other trade barriers; 

•

increases in taxes and governmental royalties and fees; 

•

involuntary renegotiation of contracts with foreign governments; 

•

changes in foreign and domestic laws and policies that govern operations of foreign-based companies; 

•

difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; and 

•

political unrest that may result in disruptions of services that are critical to their international businesses. 

         The success of our Interactive Group subsidiaries and certain of our business affiliates depends on maintaining the integrity of their systems and
infrastructure.

    A fundamental requirement for online commerce and communications is the secure transmission of confidential information, such as credit card
numbers or other personal information, over public networks. If the security measures of any of our Interactive Group subsidiaries or our business affiliates engaged in online commerce were to be
compromised, it could have a detrimental effect on their reputation and adversely affect their ability to attract customers. Computer viruses transmitted over the Internet have significantly increased
in recent years, thereby increasing the possibility of disabling attacks on and damage to websites of our Interactive Group subsidiaries and those of our business affiliates whose businesses are
dependent on the Internet. In addition, certain of these businesses rely on third-party computer systems and service providers to facilitate and process a portion of their transactions. Any
interruptions, outages or delays in these services, or a deterioration in their performance, could impair the ability of these businesses to process transactions for their customers and the quality of
service they can offer to them. 

         We do not have the right to manage our business affiliates, which means we are not able to cause those affiliates to act in a manner that we deem
desirable.

    We do not have the right to manage the businesses or affairs of any of our business affiliates (generally those companies in which we have less than a
majority voting stake) attributed to the Interactive Group, including HSN and Expedia, and the Capital Group, including Sirius, Live Nation. Rather, our rights may take the form of representation on
the board of directors or a partners' or similar committee that supervises management or possession of veto rights over significant or extraordinary actions. The scope of our veto rights vary from
agreement to agreement. Although our board representation and veto rights may enable us to exercise influence over the management or policies of a business affiliate, enable us to prevent the sale of
material assets by a business affiliate in which we own less than a majority voting interest or prevent us from paying dividends or making distributions to our stockholders or partners, they will not
enable us to cause these actions to be taken. 

I-35

Table of Contents

         The liquidity and value of our public investments may be affected by market conditions beyond our control that could cause us to record losses for declines in their market
value.

    Included among the assets attributable to the Capital group and the Interactive Group are equity interests in one or more publicly-traded companies which
are not consolidated subsidiaries. The value of these interests may be affected by economic and market conditions that are beyond our control. In addition, our ability to liquidate these interests
without adversely affecting their value may be limited. 

         A substantial portion of the consolidated debt attributed to each group is held above the operating subsidiary level, and we could be unable in the future to obtain cash in
amounts
sufficient to service that debt and our other financial obligations.

    As of December 31, 2010, our wholly-owned subsidiary Liberty Media LLC had
$4,213 billion principal amount of publicly-traded debt outstanding. Liberty Media LLC is a holding company for all of our subsidiaries and investments. In addition, we have
$750 million of bank and other debt that is held above the operating subsidiary level. Our ability to meet the financial obligations of Liberty Media LLC and our other financial
obligations will depend on our ability to access cash. Our sources of cash include our available cash balances, net cash from operating activities, dividends and interest from our investments,
availability under credit facilities at the operating subsidiary level, monetization of our public investment portfolio and proceeds from asset sales. There are no assurances that we will maintain the
amounts of cash, cash equivalents or marketable securities that we maintained over the past few years. The ability of our operating subsidiaries to pay dividends or to make other payments or advances
to us or Liberty Media LLC depends on their individual operating results and any statutory, regulatory or contractual restrictions to which they may be or may become subject. Some of our
subsidiaries are subject to loan agreements that restrict sales of assets and prohibit or limit the payment of dividends or the making of distributions, loans or advances to stockholders and partners.
Neither we nor Liberty Media LLC will generally receive cash, in the form of dividends, loans, advances or otherwise, from our business affiliates. In this regard, we will not have sufficient
voting control over most of our business affiliates to cause those companies to pay dividends or make other payments or advances to their partners or stockholders, including our company or Liberty
Media LLC. 

         Sales of our common stock by our insiders could depress the market price of our common stock.

    Sales of our shares by our
Chairman of the Board or any
of our other directors or executive officers could cause a perception in the marketplace that our stock price has peaked or that adverse events or trends have occurred or may be occurring at our
company. This perception can result notwithstanding any personal financial motivation for these insider sales. As a result, insider sales could depress the market price for shares of one or more
series of our tracking stocks.