.

 RISKS
 RELATING TO TIME WARNER GENERALLY

 Several of the Company’s businesses operate in
 industries that are subject to rapid technological change, and
 if Time Warner does not respond appropriately to technological
 changes, its competitive position may be
 harmed.
  Time Warner’s businesses operate
 in the highly competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing
 media, entertainment, interactive services and cable industries.
 Several of its businesses are dependent to a large extent on
 their ability to acquire, develop, adopt, and exploit new and
 existing technologies to distinguish their products and services
 from those of their competitors. Technological development,
 application and exploitation can take long periods of time and
 require significant capital investments. In addition, the
 Company may be required to anticipate far in advance which of
 the potential new technologies and equipment it should adopt for
 new products and services or for future enhancements of or
 upgrades to its existing products and services. If it chooses
 technologies or equipment that do not become the prevailing
 standard or that are less effective, cost-efficient or
 attractive to its customers than those chosen by its
 competitors, or if it offers products or services that fail to
 appeal to consumers, are not available at competitive prices or
 do not function as expected, the Company’s competitive
 position could deteriorate, and its operations, business or
 financial results could be adversely affected.

 The Company’s competitive position also may be adversely
 affected by various timing factors, such as delays in its new
 product or service offerings or the ability of its competitors
 to acquire or develop and introduce new technologies, products
 and services more quickly than the Company. Furthermore,
 advances in technology or changes in competitors’ product
 and service offerings may require the Company in the future to
 make additional research and development expenditures or to
 offer at no additional charge or at a lower price certain
 products and services the Company currently offers to customers
 separately or at a premium. Also, if the costs of existing
 technologies decrease in the future, the Company may not be able
 to maintain current price levels for its products or services.
 In addition, the inability to obtain intellectual property
 rights from third parties at a reasonable price or at all could
 impair the ability of the Company to respond to technological
 advances in a timely or cost-effective manner.

 The combination of increased competition, more
 technologically-advanced platforms, products and services, the
 increasing number of choices available to consumers and the
 overall rate of change in the media, entertainment, interactive
 services and cable industries requires companies such as Time
 Warner to become more responsive to consumer needs and to adapt
 more quickly to market conditions than in the past. The Company
 could have difficulty managing these changes while at the same
 time maintaining its rates of growth and profitability.

 Piracy of the Company’s feature films, television
 programming and other content may decrease the revenues received
 from the exploitation of the Company’s entertainment
 content and adversely affect its business and
 profitability.
  Piracy of motion pictures,
 television programming, video content and DVDs poses significant
 challenges to several of the Company’s businesses.
 Technological advances allowing the unauthorized dissemination
 of motion pictures, television programming and other content in
 unprotected digital formats, including via the Internet,
 increase the threat of piracy. Such technological advances make
 it easier to create, transmit and distribute high quality
 unauthorized copies of such content. The proliferation of
 unauthorized copies and piracy of the Company’s products or
 the products it licenses from third parties can have an adverse
 effect on its businesses and profitability because these
 products reduce the revenue that Time Warner potentially could
 receive from the legitimate sale and distribution of its
 content. In addition, if piracy continues to increase, it could
 have an adverse effect on the Company’s business and
 profitability. Although piracy adversely affects the
 Company’s U.S. revenues, the impact on revenues from
 outside the United States is more significant, particularly in
 countries where laws protective of intellectual property rights
 are insufficient or are not strictly enforced. Time Warner has
 taken, and will continue to take, a variety of actions to combat
 piracy, both individually and together with cross-industry
 groups, trade associations and strategic partners, including the
 launch of new services for consumers at competitive price
 points, aggressive online and customs enforcement, compressed
 release windows and educational campaigns. Policing the
 unauthorized use of the Company’s intellectual property is
 difficult, however, and the steps taken by the Company will not
 prevent the infringement by

and/or
 piracy of unauthorized third parties in every case. There can

 31

Table of Contents

 be no assurance that the Company’s efforts to enforce its
 rights and protect its intellectual property will be successful
 in reducing content piracy.

 Time Warner’s businesses may suffer if it cannot
 continue to license or enforce the intellectual property rights
 on which its businesses depend.
  The Company
 relies on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws in
 the United States and similar laws in other countries, and
 licenses and other agreements with its employees, customers,
 suppliers and other parties, to establish and maintain its
 intellectual property rights in technology and products and
 services used in its various operations. However, the
 Company’s intellectual property rights could be challenged
 or invalidated, or such intellectual property rights may not be
 sufficient to permit it to take advantage of current industry
 trends or otherwise to provide competitive advantages, which
 could result in costly redesign efforts, discontinuance of
 certain product and service offerings or other competitive harm.
 Further, the laws of certain countries do not protect Time
 Warner’s proprietary rights, or such laws may not be
 strictly enforced. Therefore, in certain jurisdictions the
 Company may be unable to protect its intellectual property
 adequately against unauthorized copying or use, which could
 adversely affect its competitive position. Also, because of the
 rapid pace of technological change in the industries in which
 the Company operates, much of the business of its various
 segments relies on technologies developed or licensed by third
 parties, and Time Warner may not be able to obtain or to
 continue to obtain licenses from these third parties on
 reasonable terms, if at all. It is also possible that, in
 connection with a merger, sale or acquisition transaction, the
 Company may license its trademarks or service marks and
 associated goodwill to third parties, or the business of various
 segments could be subject to certain restrictions in connection
 with such trademarks or service marks and associated goodwill
 that were not in place prior to such a transaction.

 The Company has been, and may be in the future, subject to
 claims of intellectual property infringement, which could have
 an adverse impact on the Company’s businesses or operating
 results due to a disruption in its business operations, the
 incurrence of significant costs and other
 factors.
  From time to time, the Company
 receives notices from others claiming that it infringes their
 intellectual property rights. Recently, the number of patent
 infringement claims resulting in lawsuits, in particular against
 the technology-related businesses at AOL and TWC, has increased.
 The number of other intellectual property infringement claims
 also could increase in the future. Increased infringement claims
 and lawsuits could require Time Warner to enter into royalty or
 licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial
 monetary liability or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently
 from further use of the intellectual property in question. This
 could require Time Warner to change its business practices and
 limit its ability to compete effectively. Even if Time Warner
 believes that the claims are without merit, the claims can be
 time-consuming and costly to defend and divert management’s
 attention and resources away from its businesses. In addition,
 agreements entered into by the Company may require it to
 indemnify the other party for certain third-party intellectual
 property infringement claims, which could require the Company to
 expend sums to defend against or settle such claims or,
 potentially, to pay damages. If Time Warner is required to take
 any of these actions, it could have an adverse impact on the
 Company’s businesses or operating results. The use of new
 technologies to distribute content on the Internet, including
 through Internet sites providing social networking and
 user-generated content, could put some of the Company’s
 businesses at an increased risk of allegations of copyright or
 trademark infringement or legal liability, as well as cause them
 to incur significant technical, legal or other costs and limit
 their ability to provide competitive content, features or tools.

 Time Warner faces risks relating to doing business
 internationally that could adversely affect its business and
 operating results.
  Time Warner’s
 businesses operate and serve customers worldwide. There are
 certain risks inherent in doing business internationally,
 including:

 •    

 local laws and customs relating to the publication and
 distribution of content and the display and sale of advertising;

 •    

 import or export restrictions and changes in trade regulations;

 •    

 difficulties in developing, staffing and simultaneously managing
 a large number of foreign operations as a result of distance and
 language and cultural differences;

 •    

 issues related to occupational safety and adherence to stringent
 local labor laws and regulations;

 •    

 longer payment cycles;

 32

Table of Contents

 •    

 political or social unrest;

 •    

 economic volatility;

 •    

 seasonal volatility in business activity;

 •    

 risks related to government regulation;

 •    

 currency exchange rate fluctuations;

 •    

 potentially adverse tax consequences;

 •    

 statutory shareholder minority rights and restrictions on
 foreign direct ownership; and

 •    

 cost of entry.

 One or more of these factors could harm the Company’s
 international operations and its business and operating results.

 Time Warner’s businesses face additional risks
 internationally. Across the media industry, opportunities for
 revenue growth are beginning to shift toward developing nations,
 such as India, Mexico, Brazil, Central and Eastern Europe,
 Russia and China. In addition, revenues generated by certain
 media sectors, including television networks, local content
 production, online advertising and video games, are expected to
 experience robust growth in both developed and developing
 nations outside the U.S. The Company’s businesses
 currently do not have a strong presence in some of these
 fast-growing sectors. Accordingly, the Company could be at a
 competitive disadvantage in the long term if its businesses are
 not able to strengthen their positions and capitalize on
 international opportunities in high-growth economies and media
 sectors. International expansion involves significant
 investments as well as risks associated with doing business
 abroad, as described above. Furthermore, investments in some
 regions can take a long period to generate an adequate return
 and in some cases there may not be a developed or efficient
 legal system to protect foreign investment or intellectual
 property rights. In addition, if the Company expands into new
 international regions, some of its businesses will have only
 limited experience in operating and marketing their products and
 services in certain regions and could be at a disadvantage
 compared to competitors with more experience, particularly
 diversified media companies that are well established in some
 developing nations. Although the Company is seeking to expand
 its businesses in certain strategic international regions and is
 formulating strategies for the growth of diversified media
 businesses in developing nations, there can be no assurance that
 such strategies will succeed.

 Weakening economic conditions or other factors could
 reduce the Company’s advertising or other revenues or
 hinder its ability to increase such
 revenues.
  Because several of the
 Company’s segments derive a substantial portion of their
 revenues from the sale of advertising, a decline or delay in
 advertising expenditures could reduce the Company’s
 revenues or hinder its ability to increase these revenues.
 Expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting
 general economic conditions, such as recessions, as well as
 budgeting and buying patterns. In addition, advertising
 expenditures could be negatively affected by shifting societal
 norms, pressure from public interest groups, changes in laws and
 regulations and other social, political and regulatory
 developments. Disasters, acts of terrorism, political
 uncertainty or hostilities also could lead to a reduction in
 advertising expenditures as a result of uninterrupted news
 coverage and economic uncertainty. Advertising expenditures by
 companies in certain sectors of the economy, including the
 automotive, financial services and pharmaceutical industries,
 represent a significant portion of the Company’s
 advertising revenues, and any political, economic, social or
 technological change resulting in a significant reduction in the
 advertising spending of these sectors could adversely affect the
 Company’s advertising revenues or its ability to increase
 such revenues. Also, a continued downturn in the
 U.S. housing market could negatively impact TWC’s
 ability to attract new basic video subscribers and generate
 increased subscription revenues. In addition, because many of
 the products and services offered by the Company are largely
 discretionary items, weakening economic conditions or outlook
 could reduce the consumption of such products and services and
 reduce the Company’s revenues.

 The introduction and increased popularity of alternative
 technologies for the distribution of news, entertainment and
 other information and the resulting shift in consumer habits
 and/or
 advertising expenditures from traditional to online media could
 adversely affect the revenues of the Company’s Publishing,
 Networks and 

 33

Table of Contents

 Filmed Entertainment segments.
  The
 Company’s Publishing and Networks segments derive a
 substantial portion of their revenue from advertising in
 magazines and on television. Distribution of news, entertainment
 and other information via the Internet has become increasingly
 popular over the past several years, and viewing news,
 entertainment and other content on a personal computer, cellular
 phone or other electronic or portable electronic device has
 become increasingly popular as well. Accordingly, advertising
 dollars have started to shift from traditional media to online
 media. The shift in major advertisers’ expenditures from
 traditional to online media has had an adverse effect on the
 revenue growth of the Publishing and Networks segments, which
 may continue in the future. This shift could also further
 intensify competition for advertising in traditional media,
 which could exert greater pressure on these segments to increase
 revenues from online advertising. In addition, if consumers
 increasingly elect to obtain news and entertainment online
 instead of by purchasing the Publishing segment’s
 magazines, this trend could negatively impact the segment’s
 circulation revenue and also adversely affect its advertising
 revenue. The Publishing and Networks segments have taken various
 steps to diversify the means by which they distribute content
 and generate advertising revenue, including increasing
 investments in Internet properties. However, the segments’
 strategies for achieving sustained revenue growth may not be
 sufficient to offset revenue losses resulting from a continued
 shift in advertising dollars over the long term from traditional
 to online media. In addition, this trend also could have an
 indirect negative impact on the licensing revenue generated by
 the Filmed Entertainment segment and the revenue generated by
 Home Box Office from the licensing of its original programming
 in syndication and to basic cable networks.

 The Company faces risks relating to competition for the
 leisure and entertainment time of audiences, which has
 intensified in part due to advances in
 technology.
  In addition to the various
 competitive factors discussed in the following paragraphs, all
 of the Company’s businesses are subject to risks relating
 to increasing competition for the leisure and entertainment time
 of consumers. The Company’s businesses compete with each
 other and all other sources of news, information and
 entertainment, including broadcast television, movies, live
 events, radio broadcasts, home video products, console games,
 sports, print media and the Internet. Technological
 advancements, such as video on demand, new video formats and
 Internet streaming and downloading, have increased the number of
 media and entertainment choices available to consumers and
 intensified the challenges posed by audience fragmentation. The
 increasing number of choices available to audiences could
 negatively impact not only consumer demand for the
 Company’s products and services, but also advertisers’
 willingness to purchase advertising from the Company’s
 businesses. If the Company does not respond appropriately to
 further increases in the leisure and entertainment choices
 available to consumers, the Company’s competitive position
 could deteriorate, and its financial results could suffer.

 Several of the Company’s businesses rely heavily on
 network and information systems or other technology, and a
 disruption or failure of such networks, systems or technology as
 a result of computer viruses, misappropriation of data or other
 malfeasance, as well as outages, natural disasters, accidental
 releases of information or similar events, may disrupt the
 Company’s businesses.
  Because network
 and information systems and other technologies are critical to
 many of Time Warner’s operating activities, network or
 information system shutdowns caused by events such as computer
 hacking, dissemination of computer viruses, worms and other
 destructive or disruptive software, denial of service attacks
 and other malicious activity, as well as power outages, natural
 disasters, terrorist attacks and similar events, pose increasing
 risks. Such an event could have an adverse impact on the Company
 and its customers, including degradation of service, service
 disruption, excessive call volume to call centers and damage to
 equipment and data. Such an event also could result in large
 expenditures necessary to repair or replace such networks or
 information systems or to protect them from similar events in
 the future. Significant incidents could result in a disruption
 of the Company’s operations, customer dissatisfaction, or a
 loss of customers or revenues.

 Furthermore, the operating activities of Time Warner’s
 various businesses could be subject to risks caused by
 misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification and accidental
 release or loss of information maintained in the Company’s
 information technology systems and networks, including customer,
 personnel and vendor data. The Company could be exposed to
 significant costs if such risks were to materialize, and such
 events could damage the reputation and credibility of Time
 Warner and its businesses and have a negative impact on its
 revenues. The Company also could be required to expend
 significant capital and other resources to remedy any such
 security breach. As a result of the increasing awareness
 concerning the importance of safeguarding personal information,
 the

 34

Table of Contents

 potential misuse of such information and legislation that has
 been adopted or is being considered regarding the protection,
 privacy and security of personal information,
 information-related risks are increasing, particularly for
 businesses like Time Warner’s that handle a large amount of
 personal customer data.

 The Company’s Internet and advertising businesses are
 subject to regulation in the U.S. and internationally,
 which could cause these businesses to incur additional costs or
 liabilities or disrupt their business
 practices.
  The Company’s businesses that
 generate revenues from online activities and the sale of
 advertising inventory and related services are subject to a
 variety of laws and regulations, including those relating to
 issues such as consumer protection, content regulation, user
 privacy and data protection, defamation, pricing, advertising,
 taxation, gambling, sweepstakes, promotions, billing and real
 estate. The application of these laws and regulations to these
 businesses in many instances is unclear or unsettled. Further,
 the application of laws regulating or requiring licenses for
 certain businesses of the Company’s advertisers, including
 the distribution of pharmaceuticals, alcohol, adult content,
 tobacco or firearms, insurance and securities brokerage and
 legal services, can be unclear and is developing, especially
 with respect to the sale of these products and services on the
 Internet. Various laws and regulations are intended to protect
 the interests of children, such as the Children’s Online
 Protection Act and the Children’s Online Privacy Protection
 Act, which restrict the distribution of certain materials deemed
 harmful to children and impose additional restrictions on the
 ability of online services to collect user information from
 minors. The Company’s Internet and advertising businesses
 could incur substantial costs necessary to comply with these
 laws and regulations or substantial penalties or other
 liabilities if they fail to comply with them. Compliance with
 these laws and regulations also could cause these businesses to
 change or limit their business practices in a manner that is
 adverse to the businesses. In addition, if there are changes in
 laws, such as the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, that provide
 protections that the Company’s Internet or advertising
 businesses rely on in conducting their businesses or if there
 are judicial interpretations narrowing the protections of these
 laws, it would subject these businesses to greater risk of
 liability and could increase their costs of compliance or limit
 their ability to operate certain lines of business.

 RISKS
 RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S AOL BUSINESS

 The continuing shift in AOL’s business model from a
 primarily subscription-based business model to a primarily
 advertising-supported model involves significant
 risks.
  In addition to continuing to implement
 the shift in its business model, AOL is working to separate the
 operations of its Access Services business and its Global Web
 Services business. As AOL has continued to implement the shift
 in its business model, AOL’s subscription revenues have
 been declining, and, although its advertising revenues have been
 increasing, they have not increased in an amount sufficient to
 offset the decline in its subscription revenues. Subscription
 revenues will remain an important source of operating income
 before depreciation and amortization (or OIBDA) for AOL in 2008.
 If subscribers to AOL’s Internet access service decline at
 a rate faster than anticipated, AOL’s ability to generate
 OIBDA in 2008 may be adversely affected.

 In addition, as subscription revenues continue to decline, AOL
 will become more dependent on continued cost reductions and
 advertising revenues in order to improve its financial
 performance. Identifying and implementing cost reductions may
 become increasingly difficult to do in an operationally
 effective manner and may lead to employee distraction or a
 decline in morale, as well as difficulty in hiring or retaining
 necessary employees. Cost reductions could also impair
 AOL’s ability to provide satisfactory customer service. As
 AOL continues to implement the shift in its business model, it
 becomes increasingly prone to the risks associated with
 operating an advertising business. Advertising revenues may be
 more unpredictable and variable than subscription revenues and
 are more likely to be adversely affected during economic
 downturns. In addition, AOL’s advertising business has
 benefited from significant growth in online advertising, and, if
 online advertising does not continue to grow, whether because of
 changing economic conditions or otherwise, AOL’s
 advertising revenues could be adversely impacted. See
 “Risks Relating to Time Warner Generally —
 Weakening economic conditions or other factors could reduce the
 Company’s advertising or other revenues or hinder its
 ability to increase such revenues,” as well as the risks
 relating to AOL’s advertising business described below.

 Pricing for advertising may continue to face downward
 pressure.
  During 2007, advertisers
 increasingly purchased lower-priced inventory rather than
 higher-priced inventory, and increasingly demanded lower
 pricing, in addition to increasingly purchasing advertising
 inventory from third party advertising networks as described
 below.

 35

Table of Contents

 In order for advertising revenues to be maintained or increased
 in 2008 over 2007, AOL believes that it will be important to
 increase sales of advertising at higher prices. If advertisers
 continue to demand lower-priced inventory and continue to put
 downward pressure on pricing, AOL’s operating margins and
 its ability to generate OIBDA could be adversely affected.

 Costs to acquire advertising inventory could continue to
 increase.
  The Platform-A business group must
 purchase inventory that can be sold to advertisers. AOL’s
 costs to acquire advertising inventory from third parties
 increased during 2007. Continuing increases in such costs during
 2008, due to competition for inventory or otherwise, could put
 downward pressure on AOL’s operating margins or impair its
 ability to generate OIBDA.

 AOL faces risks associated with the fragmentation of the
 Internet audience.
  Consumers are fragmenting
 across the Internet, away from portals, such as AOL.com and
 Yahoo!, and migrating towards social networks and niche
 websites. This shift could require AOL to continue to acquire
 other companies, products or technologies or pay more for
 content, applications, features and tools that will attract and
 engage Internet consumers in order to increase advertising
 revenues. Furthermore, as Internet consumers continue to
 fragment, advertisers could increasingly seek to purchase
 advertising from third-party advertising networks or directly on
 niche sites, which could benefit the Platform-A business group
 but would adversely impact the advertising revenue generated on
 the AOL Network.

 Unless AOL increases the number of visitors to the AOL
 Network and maintains or increases their activity in areas where
 advertising revenues are generated, AOL may not be able to
 increase advertising revenues associated with the AOL
 Network.
  In general, current and former
 subscribers are significantly more active on the AOL Network
 than other visitors to the AOL Network. As the number of
 AOL’s subscribers declines, AOL’s ability to maintain
 or increase advertising revenues may be adversely impacted
 unless the former subscribers are as active on the AOL Network
 after terminating their paid Internet access relationship with
 AOL as they were previously. In addition, AOL needs to increase
 the number of visitors, whether or not current or former
 subscribers, to the AOL Network and maintain or increase overall
 usage in order to continue to increase advertising revenues
 associated with the AOL Network. Furthermore, different online
 activities generate different volumes of advertising, sold at
 differing prices. It will be important that new visitors to the
 AOL Network be active on those properties that generate
 generally higher priced and higher volumes of advertising,
 leading to greater advertising revenues, and that as subscribers
 migrate to become unpaid accounts, their activity on the AOL
 Network continues in a manner similar to their activity before
 such migration.

 If AOL does not continue to develop and offer compelling
 and differentiated content, products and services, AOL’s
 advertising revenues could be adversely
 affected.
  In order to attract Internet
 consumers and generate increased activity on the AOL Network,
 AOL believes that it must offer compelling and differentiated
 content, products and services. However, acquiring, developing
 and offering such content, products and services may require
 significant costs and time to develop, while consumer tastes may
 be difficult to predict and are subject to rapid change. If AOL
 is unable to provide content, products and services that are
 sufficiently attractive to its current and former subscribers
 and other Internet consumers, AOL may not be able to generate
 the increases in activity on the AOL Network necessary to
 generate increased paid-search and display advertising revenues.
 In addition, although AOL has access to certain content provided
 by the Company’s other businesses, it may be required to
 make substantial payments to license such content. Many of
 AOL’s content arrangements with third parties are
 non-exclusive, so competitors may be able to offer similar or
 identical content. If AOL is unable to acquire or develop
 compelling content and do so at reasonable prices, or if other
 companies offer content that is similar to that provided by AOL,
 AOL may not be able to attract and increase the engagement of
 Internet consumers on the AOL Network.

 Continued growth in AOL’s advertising business also depends
 on the ability of the Platform-A business group to continue
 offering a competitive and distinctive range of advertising
 products and services for advertisers and publishers and its
 ability to maintain or increase prices for its advertising
 products and services. Continuing to develop and improve these
 products and services may require significant time and costs. If
 the Platform-A business group cannot continue to develop and
 improve its advertising products and services or if prices for
 its advertising products and services decrease, AOL’s
 advertising revenues could be adversely affected.

 If AOL cannot secure favorable arrangements to effectively
 distribute its products and services, it could hinder AOL’s
 ability to attract new Internet consumers or maintain or
 increase the engagement of Internet 

 36

Table of Contents

 consumers.
  Distribution of AOL’s
 products and services is subject to significant competition.
 Furthermore, as the Internet audience continues to fragment and
 traffic continues to gravitate away from the Internet portals,
 distribution of AOL’s products and services via traditional
 methods may become less effective, and new distribution
 strategies may need to be developed. In an effort to reach a
 more fragmented audience, AOL is creating versions of certain of
 its products and services for consumer distribution that will
 generate activity on the AOL Network. Additionally, AOL seeks to
 develop technologies to allow AOL Network sites to interact with
 other websites and applications in order to allow and encourage
 third parties to use AOL’s content and services. However,
 even if AOL is able to secure favorable arrangements to
 distribute its products and services, this does not assure that
 AOL will be able to attract new Internet consumers and maintain
 or increase the engagement of Internet consumers on the AOL
 Network.

 More individuals are using devices other than personal and
 laptop computers to access and use the Internet, and if AOL
 cannot make its products and services available and attractive
 to consumers via these alternative devices, AOL’s
 advertising revenues could be adversely
 affected.
  Individuals increasingly are
 accessing and using the Internet through devices other than a
 personal or laptop computer, such as personal digital assistants
 or mobile telephones, which differ from computers with respect
 to memory, functionality, resolution and screen size. In order
 for consumers to access and use AOL’s products and services
 via these alternative devices, AOL must ensure that its products
 and services are technologically compatible with such devices.
 AOL also needs to secure arrangements with device manufacturers
 and wireless carriers in order to have desktop placement on the
 alternative devices and to more effectively reach consumers. If
 AOL cannot effectively make its products and services available
 on alternative devices, fewer Internet consumers may access and
 use AOL’s products and services. Also, the Platform-A
 business group must be able to compose, package, and deliver
 compelling advertising on alternative devices, and the
 advertising revenue it generates may be negatively affected if
 it is not able to effectively do so.

 If AOL cannot effectively build a portfolio of alternate
 brands that are appealing to Internet consumers, AOL may have
 difficulty in increasing the engagement of Internet consumers on
 its web products and services.
  AOL believes
 that the “AOL” brand is associated in the minds of
 consumers with its

dial-up
 Internet access service, and AOL is seeking to build a portfolio
 of other brands, such as MapQuest and 
TMZ.com, that have
 a strong and more updated consumer association. If the AOL brand
 continues to be used to identify the AOL

dial-up
 Internet access service as well as various web products and
 services, such as AOL.com, AOL Money & Finance and
 myAOL, this could lead to consumer confusion and exacerbate the
 challenges AOL faces in attracting Internet consumers to and
 engaging them on its web products and services.

 Changes in AOL’s relationship with a major customer
 of Advertising.com will put downward pressure on AOL’s
 advertising revenues in 2008.
  Approximately
 17% of AOL’s growth in advertising revenues in 2007 was
 attributable to a major customer of Advertising.com. As a result
 of an amendment to the contract with this customer, beginning in
 2008, this customer is under no obligation to continue to do
 business with Advertising.com, which is expected to result in a
 substantial reduction in advertising revenues to be received
 from this customer. Accordingly, if AOL does not secure new or
 expanded relationships with other customers in amounts
 sufficient to offset any loss of revenues from the customer, it
 will not be able to maintain or increase advertising revenues.

 AOL faces intense competition in all aspects of its
 business.
  In its Internet access business,
 AOL competes with other Internet access providers, especially
 broadband access providers, and this competition could cause the
 number of AOL subscribers to decline at a faster rate than
 experienced in the past. With respect to advertising generated
 on the AOL Network, AOL competes for the time and attention of
 consumers with a wide range of Internet companies, such as
 Yahoo!, Google, MSN, MySpace and Facebook, and traditional media
 companies, which are increasingly offering their own Internet
 products and services. The competition AOL’s advertising
 businesses face could intensify when Google’s acquisition
 of DoubleClick is completed and if Microsoft’s proposed
 acquisition of Yahoo! or other similar consolidations occur. The
 Internet is dynamic and rapidly evolving, and new and popular
 competitors, such as social networking sites, frequently emerge.
 AOL’s Platform-A business group competes with other
 aggregators of third-party advertising inventory and other
 companies offering competing advertising products, technology
 and services, as well as, increasingly, aggregators of such
 advertising products, technology and services. Competitors
 include such companies as 24/7 Real Media and ValueClick, as
 well as Google, Yahoo! and MSN. Competition among these
 companies is intensifying and may lead to continuing increases
 in traffic acquisition costs and continuing decreases in prices
 for advertising inventory. Following the

 37

Table of Contents

 sales of its Internet access businesses, AOL Europe’s
 primary competitors are global enterprises such as Google, MSN,
 and Yahoo!, new entrants such as Facebook, MySpace and other
 social networking sites and a large number of local enterprises.
 As AOL expands internationally, it will face intense competition
 from both global and local competitors. In addition, competition
 generally may cause AOL to incur unanticipated costs associated
 with research and product development. There can be no assurance
 that AOL will be able to compete successfully in the future with
 existing or potential competitors or that competition will not
 have an adverse effect on its business or results of operations.

 Acquisitions of other companies could have an adverse
 impact on AOL’s operations and result in unanticipated
 liabilities.
  During 2007, AOL acquired six
 companies and expects to make additional acquisitions and
 strategic investments in the future. If AOL does not effectively
 integrate the operations and systems of the Platform-A companies
 (including ADTECH, Quigo and TACODA), it could negatively affect
 AOL’s ability to compete effectively and increase
 advertising revenues. The completion of acquisitions and
 strategic investments and the integration of acquired businesses
 involve a substantial commitment of resources. In addition, past
 or future transactions may be accompanied by a number of risks,
 including:

 •    

 the uncertainty of AOL’s returns on investment due to the
 new and developing industries (e.g., mobile advertising) in
 which some of the acquired companies operate;

 •    

 the adverse impact of known potential liabilities or unknown
 liabilities, such as claims of patent or other intellectual
 property infringement, associated with the companies acquired or
 in which AOL invests;

 •    

 the difficulty of integrating technology, administrative
 systems, personnel and operations of acquired companies into
 AOL’s services, systems and operations and unanticipated
 expenses related to such integration;

 •    

 potential loss of key talent at acquired companies;

 •    

 the potential disruption of AOL’s on-going business and
 distraction of its management;

 •    

 additional operating losses and expenses of the businesses AOL
 acquires or in which it invests and the failure of such
 businesses to perform as expected;

 •    

 the failure to successfully further develop acquired technology
 resulting in the impairment of amounts currently capitalized as
 intangible assets;

 •    

 the difficulty of reconciling possibly conflicting or
 overlapping contractual rights and duties; and

 •    

 the impairment of relationships with customers, partners and
 employees as a result of the combination of acquired operations
 and new management personnel.

 The failure to successfully address these risks or other
 problems encountered in connection with past or future
 acquisitions and strategic investments could cause AOL to fail
 to realize the anticipated benefits of such transactions and
 incur unanticipated liabilities and could harm its business and
 operating results.

 New or changing federal, state or international privacy
 legislation or regulation could hinder the growth of AOL’s
 business.
  A variety of federal, state and
 international laws govern the collection, use, retention,
 sharing and security of consumer data that AOL uses to operate
 its services and to deliver certain advertisements to its
 customers, as well as the technologies used to collect such
 data. Not only are existing privacy-related laws in these
 jurisdictions evolving and subject to potentially disparate
 interpretation by governmental entities, new legislative
 proposals affecting privacy are now pending at both the federal
 and state level in the U.S. Changes to the interpretation
 of existing law or the adoption of new privacy-related
 requirements could hinder the growth of AOL’s business.
 Also, a failure or perceived failure to comply with such laws or
 requirements or with AOL’s own policies and procedures
 could result in significant liabilities, including a possible
 loss of consumer or investor confidence or a loss of customers
 or advertisers.

 38

Table of Contents

 RISKS
 RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S CABLE BUSINESS

 TWC may continue to face challenges in its systems in
 Dallas, Texas and Los Angeles,
 California.
  TWC continues to face challenges
 in the Dallas, Texas and Los Angeles, California systems, most
 of which were acquired in the Adelphia/Comcast Transactions.
 During 2007, TWC undertook a significant integration effort that
 included upgrading the capacity and technical performance of
 these systems to levels that allow the delivery of advanced
 services and features. However, the historical negative
 perception of cable service in Dallas and Los Angeles, due in
 part to the service provided by predecessor cable operators,
 could hinder TWC’s efforts to attract new customers. In
 addition, the competition in Dallas and Los Angeles from Verizon
 and AT&T, is intense. As a result, the Dallas and Los
 Angeles systems could be unable to meaningfully improve their
 financial performance, which could adversely affect TWC’s
 growth, financial condition and results of operations.

 Increases in programming costs or an inability to obtain
 popular programming could adversely affect TWC’s
 operations, business or financial
 results.
  Video programming costs represent a
 major component of TWC’s expenses and are expected to
 continue to increase, reflecting the increasing cost of
 obtaining desirable programming, particularly sports
 programming, as well as subscriber growth and the expansion of
 service offerings. It is expected that TWC’s video service
 margins will decline over the next few years as programming cost
 increases outpace growth in video revenues. Furthermore, current
 and future programming providers that supply content that is
 desirable to TWC’s subscribers may be unwilling to enter
 into distribution arrangements with TWC on acceptable terms. In
 addition, owners of non-broadcast video programming content may
 enter into exclusive distribution arrangements with TWC’s
 competitors. A failure to carry programming that is attractive
 to TWC’s subscribers could adversely impact TWC’s
 subscription and advertising revenues.

 TWC faces a wide range of competition, which could
 negatively affect its business and financial
 results.
  TWC’s industry is and will
 continue to be highly competitive. Some of TWC’s principal
 competitors, direct broadcast satellite (or “DBS”)
 operators and incumbent local telephone companies, in
 particular, offer services that provide features and functions
 comparable to the video, high-speed data

and/or voice
 services that TWC offers, and they are offering them in bundles
 similar to TWC’s. The telephone and DBS companies
 aggressively market their individual products as well as their
 bundles or synthetic bundles (i.e., video services provided
 principally by the DBS operator, and digital subscriber line
 service, traditional phone service and, in some cases, wireless
 service provided by the telephone company). These competitors
 try to distinguish their services from TWC’s by offering
 aggressive promotional pricing, exclusive programming, a bundle
 including their own or an affiliate’s wireless voice
 service

and/or
 assertions of superior service or offerings.

 In addition to these competitors, TWC faces competition on
 individual services from a range of competitors, including, in
 video, SMATV and video delivered to consumers over the Internet;
 in high speed data, Wi-Fi, Wi-Max and 3G wireless broadband
 services provided by mobile carriers such as Verizon Wireless,
 broadband over power line providers and municipal Wi-Fi
 services; and in voice, cellular telephone service providers and
 Internet phone providers, such as Vonage, and others.
 Furthermore, TWC operates its cable systems under non-exclusive
 franchises granted by state or local authorities. In some of
 TWC’s operating areas, other operators have overbuilt
 TWC’s systems and offer video, data
 and/or voice
 services in competition with TWC.

 Any inability to compete effectively or an increase in
 competition with respect to video, voice or high-speed data
 services could have an adverse effect on TWC’s financial
 results and return on capital expenditures due to possible
 increases in the cost of gaining and retaining subscribers and
 lower per subscriber revenue, could slow or cause a decline in
 TWC’s growth rates, reduce its revenues, reduce the number
 of its subscribers or reduce its ability to increase penetration
 rates for services. As TWC expands and introduces new and
 enhanced products and services, it may be subject to competition
 from other providers of those products and services, such as
 telecommunications providers, Internet service providers and
 consumer electronics companies, among others. In addition,
 future advances in technology, as well as changes in the
 marketplace and in the regulatory and legislative environments,
 may result in changes to the competitive landscape. TWC cannot
 predict the extent to which competition will affect its future
 business and financial results or return on capital expenditures.

 Significant unanticipated increases in the use of
 bandwidth-intensive Internet-based services could increase
 TWC’s costs.
  The rising popularity of
 bandwidth-intensive Internet-based services poses special risks
 for TWC’s high-speed data business. Examples of such
 services include

peer-to-peer
 file sharing services, gaming

 39

Table of Contents

 services and the delivery of video via streaming technology and
 by download. If heavy usage of bandwidth-intensive services
 grows beyond TWC’s current expectations, TWC may need to
 invest more capital than currently anticipated to expand the
 bandwidth capacity of its systems or TWC’s customers may
 have a suboptimal experience when using TWC’s high-speed
 data service. In addition, in order to continue to provide
 quality service at attractive prices, TWC needs the continued
 flexibility to develop and refine business models that respond
 to changing consumer uses and demands, to manage bandwidth usage
 efficiently and to make upgrades to TWC’s broadband
 facilities. TWC’s ability to do these things could be
 restricted by legislative efforts to impose so-called “net
 neutrality” requirements on cable operators.

 Availability of SDV technology may not enable TWC to
 effectively manage its existing bandwidth.
  As
 of December 31, 2007, TWC had deployed switched digital
 video, or SDV, technology to over 1.4 million digital video
 subscribers, and TWC intends to further deploy this technology
 during 2008. SDV allows TWC to save bandwidth by transmitting
 particular programming services only to groups of homes or nodes
 where subscribers are viewing the programming at a particular
 time rather than broadcasting it to all subscriber homes.
 Deploying SDV requires installation of new hardware and software
 at each cable system where it is employed. In addition,
 bandwidth savings are based on the actual viewing habits of
 subscribers. As a result, TWC may experience operational
 difficulties in deploying SDV and may not realize all of the
 efficiencies it anticipates from the deployment of this
 technology. In addition, the FCC may interpret existing
 regulation or introduce new regulation to restrict cable
 operators’ ability to use SDV technology. If TWC
 experiences operational difficulties in deploying SDV, if TWC is
 unable to gain anticipated additional network capacity as a
 result of its SDV deployment plans or if TWC is prohibited by
 regulation from using SDV technology, TWC may have difficulty
 carrying the volume of HDTV channels and other
 bandwidth-intensive traffic carried by competitors and may be
 forced to make costly upgrades to its systems in order to remain
 competitive.

 The Internal Revenue Service and state and local tax
 authorities may challenge the tax characterizations of the
 Adelphia Acquisition, the Redemptions or the Exchange, or
 related valuations, and any successful challenge by the Internal
 Revenue Service or state or local tax authorities could
 materially adversely affect Time Warner’s tax profile,
 significantly increase its future cash tax payments and
 significantly reduce its future earnings and cash
 flow.  
The Adelphia Acquisition was designed
 to be a fully taxable asset sale, the TWC Redemption was
 designed to qualify as a tax-free split-off under
 section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
 amended (the “Tax Code”), the TWE Redemption was
 designed as a redemption of Comcast’s partnership interest
 in TWE, and the Exchange was designed as an exchange of
 designated cable systems. There can be no assurance, however,
 that the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) or state
 or local tax authorities (collectively with the IRS, the
 “Tax Authorities”) will not challenge one or more of
 such characterizations or the related valuations. Such a
 successful challenge by the Tax Authorities could materially
 adversely affect Time Warner’s tax profile (including its
 ability to recognize the intended tax benefits from these
 transactions), significantly increase its future cash tax
 payments and significantly reduce its future earnings and cash
 flow. The tax consequences of the Adelphia Acquisition, the
 Redemptions and the Exchange are complex and, in many cases,
 subject to significant uncertainties, including, but not limited
 to, uncertainties regarding the application of federal, state
 and local income tax laws to various transactions and events
 contemplated therein and regarding matters relating to valuation.

 TWC may encounter unforeseen difficulties as it increases
 the scale of its video, high-speed data and voice offerings to
 commercial customers.
  TWC has sold video and
 high-speed data services to businesses for some time and in 2007
 introduced an

IP-based
 telephony service, Business Class Phone, geared to small-
 and medium-sized businesses. In order to provide its commercial
 customers with reliable services, TWC may need to increase
 expenditures, including spending on technology, equipment and
 personnel. If the services are not sufficiently reliable or TWC
 otherwise fails to meet commercial customers’ expectations,
 its commercial services business could be adversely affected. In
 addition, TWC faces competition from the existing local
 telephone companies as well as from a variety of other national
 and regional business services competitors. If TWC is unable to
 successfully attract and keep commercial customers, its growth,
 financial condition and results of operations may be adversely
 affected.

 TWC’s business is subject to extensive governmental
 regulation, which could adversely affect its
 business.
  TWC’s video and voice services
 are subject to extensive regulation at the federal, state, and
 local levels. In addition, the federal government also has been
 exploring possible regulation of high-speed data services.
 Additional

 40

Table of Contents

 regulation, including regulation relating to rates, equipment,
 technologies, programming, levels and types of services, taxes
 and other charges, could have an adverse impact on TWC’s
 services. If the United States Congress (“Congress”)
 or regulators were to disallow the use of certain technologies
 TWC uses today or to mandate the implementation of other
 technologies, TWC’s services and results of operations
 could suffer. TWC expects that legislative enactments, court
 actions, and regulatory proceedings will continue to clarify and
 in some cases change the rights of cable companies and other
 entities providing video, data and voice services under the
 Communications Act and other laws, possibly in ways that TWC has
 not foreseen. The results of these legislative, judicial, and
 administrative actions may materially affect TWC’s business
 operations in areas such as:

 •    

 Cable Franchising.  At the federal level,
 various provisions have been introduced in connection with
 broader Communications Act reform that would streamline the
 video franchising process to facilitate entry by new
 competitors. To date, no such measures have been adopted by
 Congress. In December 2006, the FCC adopted new regulations
 intended to limit the ability of local franchising authorities
 to delay or refuse the grant of competitive franchises, which
 could facilitate entry by TWC’s competitors into areas
 where TWC operates. At the state level, several states,
 including California, New Jersey, North Carolina, South Carolina
 and Texas, have enacted statutes intended to streamline entry by
 additional video competitors, some of which provide more
 favorable treatment to new entrants than to existing providers.
 Similar bills are pending or may be enacted in additional
 states. To the extent federal or state laws or regulations
 facilitate additional competitive entry or create more favorable
 regulatory treatment for new entrants, TWC’s operations
 could be materially and adversely affected.

 •    

 À la carte Video Services.  There has from
 time to time been federal legislative and regulatory interest in
 requiring cable operators to offer historically bundled
 programming services on an à la carte basis, which could
 alter the cost structure of TWC’s services. Currently, no
 such legislation is pending and there are no pending proceedings
 related to à la carte video services at the FCC, although
 the FCC is examining the question of whether programming must be
 sold to multichannel video programming distributors, or MVPDs,
 at the wholesale level on an unbundled basis.

 •    

 Carriage Regulations.  In September 2007, the
 FCC adopted an order that will require cable operators that
 offer at least some analog service (i.e., are not operating
 “all-digital” systems) to provide to subscribers both
 analog and digital feeds of must-carry broadcast stations
 beginning February 18, 2009. If TWC is not able to obtain a
 waiver of this requirement for its smaller systems from the FCC,
 there is a risk that TWC will be forced to invest capital to
 upgrade the systems, sell them or shut them down, or be required
 to drop more popular programming services in order to carry the
 dual feeds. Currently, this obligation is scheduled to terminate
 in February 2012, subject to FCC review. In addition, in
 November 2007, the FCC revised its leased access rules by
 further lowering the permitted rate charged to most leased
 access programmers, as well as adopting new procedural and
 complaint provisions, and the FCC is seeking further comment on
 whether to extend the new rate methodology to program-length
 commercial and sales programming. To the extent the FCC extends
 the new rate methodology to other programming, TWC’s
 revenues could be adversely affected. The FCC also has launched
 a proceeding to examine its substantive and procedural rules for
 program carriage. TWC is unable to predict whether any such
 proceedings will lead to any material changes in existing
 regulations. Any change in the existing carriage regulations
 could restrict TWC’s ability to select programming that is
 attractive to its subscribers.

 •    

 Voice Communications.  Traditional providers of
 voice services generally are subject to significant regulations.
 It is unclear to what extent those regulations (or other
 regulations) apply to providers of nontraditional voice
 services, including TWC’s. In orders over the past several
 years, the FCC subjected nontraditional voice service providers
 to a number of obligations applicable to traditional voice
 service. To the extent that the FCC (or Congress) imposes
 additional burdens, TWC’s operations could be adversely
 affected.

 “Net neutrality” legislation or regulation could
 limit TWC’s ability to operate its high-speed data business
 profitably, to manage its broadband facilities efficiently and
 to make upgrades to those facilities sufficient to respond to
 growing bandwidth usage by its high-speed data
 customers.
  Several disparate groups have
 adopted the term “net neutrality” in connection with
 their efforts to persuade Congress and regulators to adopt rules
 that

 41

Table of Contents

 could limit the ability of broadband providers to apply
 differential pricing or network management policies to different
 uses of the Internet. Proponents of such regulation also seek to
 prohibit broadband providers from recovering the costs of rising
 bandwidth usage from any parties other than retail customers.
 The average bandwidth usage of TWC’s high-speed data
 customers has been increasing significantly in recent years as
 the amount of high-bandwidth content and the number of
 applications available on the Internet continue to grow. In
 order to continue to provide quality service at attractive
 prices, TWC needs the continued flexibility to develop and
 refine business models that respond to changing consumer uses
 and demands, to manage bandwidth usage efficiently and to make
 upgrades to its broadband facilities. As a result, depending on
 the form it might take, “net neutrality” legislation
 or regulation could impact TWC’s ability to operate its
 high-speed data network profitably and to undertake the upgrades
 that may be needed to continue to provide high quality
 high-speed data services and could negatively impact its ability
 to compete effectively. Several petitions have been filed with
 the FCC asking it to adopt regulations in this area; however,
 TWC is unable to predict the likelihood that such regulatory
 proposals will be adopted.

 RISKS
 RELATING TO BOTH THE TIME WARNER
 NETWORKS AND FILMED ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESSES

 The Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments must
 respond to recent and future changes in technology, services and
 standards to remain competitive and continue to increase their
 revenue.
  Technology in the video,
 telecommunications and data services used in the entertainment
 industry is changing rapidly, and advances in technology, such
 as

video-on-demand,
 new video formats and distribution via the Internet, have led to
 alternative methods of product delivery and storage. Certain
 changes in consumer behavior driven by these methods of delivery
 and storage could have a negative effect on the revenue of the
 Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments. For example, devices
 that allow users to view television programs or motion pictures
 from a remote location may cause changes in consumer behavior
 that could negatively affect the subscription revenue of cable
 system and direct broadcast satellite, or DBS, operators and
 telephone companies and therefore have a corresponding negative
 effect on the subscription revenue generated by the Networks
 segment and the licensing revenue generated by the Networks and
 Filmed Entertainment segments. Devices such as digital video
 recorders, or DVRs, that enable users to view television
 programs or motion pictures on a time-delayed basis or allow
 them to fast-forward or skip advertisements or network-based
 deployments of DVR-like technology may cause changes in consumer
 behavior that could adversely affect the advertising revenue of
 the advertising-supported networks in the Networks segment and
 have an indirect negative impact on the licensing revenue
 generated by the Filmed Entertainment segment and the revenue
 generated by Home Box Office from the licensing of its original
 programming in syndication and to basic cable networks. In
 addition, further increased use of portable digital devices that
 allow users to view content of their own choice, at a time of
 their choice, while avoiding traditional commercial
 advertisements, could adversely affect such advertising and
 licensing revenue.

 Technological developments also pose other challenges for the
 Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments that could adversely
 impact their revenue and competitive position. For example, the
 Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments may not have the
 right, and may not be able to secure the right, to distribute
 their licensed content across new delivery platforms that are
 developed. In addition, technological developments could enable
 third-party owners of programming to bypass traditional content
 aggregators, such as the Turner networks and Home Box Office,
 and deal directly with cable system and DBS operators and
 telephone companies or other businesses that develop to offer
 content to viewers. Such limitations on the ability of the
 segments to distribute their content could have an adverse
 impact on their revenue. Cable system and DBS operators are
 developing new techniques that enable them to transmit more
 channels on their existing equipment to highly targeted
 audiences, reducing the cost of creating channels and
 potentially furthering the development of more specialized niche
 audiences. A greater number of options increases competition for
 viewers, and competitors targeting programming to narrowly
 defined audiences may improve their competitive position
 compared to the Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments for
 television advertising and for subscription and licensing
 revenue. In addition, traditional audience measures have evolved
 with emerging technologies that can measure viewing audiences
 with improved sensitivity, which has resulted in changes to the
 basis for pricing and guaranteeing the advertising contracts of
 the advertising-supported networks in the Networks segment.
 There may be future technical and marketplace developments that
 will result in new audience measurements that may be used as the
 basis for the

 42

Table of Contents

 pricing and guaranteeing of such advertising. Any significant
 decrease in measured audiences for advertising on the
 advertising-supported networks in the Networks segment could
 have a significant negative impact on the advertising revenue of
 such networks and the licensing revenue generated by the Filmed
 Entertainment segment as well as the revenue generated by Home
 Box Office from the licensing of its original programming in
 syndication and to basic cable networks. The ability to
 anticipate and adapt to changes in technology on a timely basis
 and exploit new sources of revenue from these changes will
 affect the ability of the Networks and Filmed Entertainment
 segments to continue to grow and increase their revenue.

 The Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments operate in
 highly competitive industries.
  The
 Company’s Networks and Filmed Entertainment businesses
 generate revenue primarily through the production and
 distribution of feature films, television programming and home
 video products, licensing fees, the sale of advertising and
 subscriber fees paid by affiliates. Competition faced by the
 businesses within these segments is intense and comes from many
 different sources. For example:

 •    

 The Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments compete with
 other television programming services for marketing and
 distribution by cable, satellite and other distribution systems,
 and the production divisions in these segments compete with
 other producers and distributors of television programming for
 air time on broadcast, cable and DBS networks, independent
 commercial television stations and basic and pay cable
 television services.

 •    

 The Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments compete for
 viewers’ attention and audience share with other forms of
 programming and entertainment provided to viewers, including
 broadcast networks, local
 over-the-air
 television stations, basic and pay cable television services,
 motion pictures, home video,

pay-per-view
 and

video-on-demand
 services, Internet streaming and downloading, Internet sites
 providing social networking and user-generated content,
 interactive games and other online activities and other forms of
 news, information and entertainment.

 •    

 The Networks segment faces competition for programming with
 commercial television networks, independent stations, and basic
 and pay cable television services, some of which have exclusive
 contracts with motion picture studios and independent motion
 picture distributors.

 •    

 The advertising-supported networks and Turner’s Internet
 sites in the Networks segment compete for advertising with
 numerous direct competitors and other media.

 The ability of the Company’s Networks and Filmed
 Entertainment segments to compete successfully depends on many
 factors, including their ability to provide high-quality and
 popular entertainment product and their ability to achieve high
 distribution levels. There has been consolidation in the media
 industry, and the Company’s Networks and Filmed
 Entertainment segments’ competitors include industry
 participants with interests in other multiple media businesses
 that are often vertically integrated. Such vertical integration
 could have various negative effects on the competitive position
 of the Company’s Networks and Filmed Entertainment
 segments. For example, vertical integration of other television
 networks and television and film production companies could
 adversely impact the Networks segment if it hinders the ability
 of the Networks segment to obtain programming for its networks.
 In addition, if purchasers of programming increasingly purchase
 their programming from production companies with which they are
 affiliated, such vertical integration could have a negative
 effect on the Filmed Entertainment segment’s licensing
 revenue and the revenue generated by Home Box Office from the
 licensing of its original programming in syndication and to
 basic cable networks. There can be no assurance that the
 Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments will be able to
 compete successfully in the future against existing or potential
 competitors, or that competition will not have an adverse effect
 on their businesses or results of operations.

 Although piracy poses risks to several of Time
 Warner’s businesses, such risks are especially significant
 for the Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments due to the
 prevalence of piracy of feature films and television
 programming.
  See “Risks Relating to Time
 Warner Generally — Piracy of the Company’s
 feature films, television programming and other content may
 decrease the revenues received from the exploitation of the
 Company’s entertainment content and adversely affect its
 business and profitability.”

 The popularity of the Company’s television programs
 and films and other factors is difficult to predict and could
 lead to fluctuations in the revenue of the Networks and Filmed
 Entertainment segments.
  Television

 43

Table of Contents

 program and film production and distribution are inherently
 risky businesses largely because the revenue derived from the
 production and distribution of a television program or motion
 picture, as well as the licensing of rights to the intellectual
 property associated with a program or film, depends primarily on
 its acceptance by the public, which is difficult to predict. The
 commercial success of a television program or feature film also
 depends on the quality and acceptance of other competing
 programs and films released at or near the same time, the
 availability of alternate forms of entertainment and leisure
 time activities, general economic conditions and other tangible
 and intangible factors, many of which are difficult to predict.
 In the case of the Turner networks, audience sizes are also
 factors that are weighed when determining their advertising
 rates. Poor ratings in targeted demographics can lead to a
 reduction in pricing and advertiser demand. Further, the
 theatrical success of a motion picture may affect revenue from
 other distribution channels, such as home entertainment and pay
 television programming services, and sales of licensed consumer
 products. Therefore, low public acceptance of the television
 programs or feature films of the Networks and Filmed
 Entertainment segments may adversely affect their respective
 results of operations.

 The Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments are subject
 to labor interruption.
  The Networks and
 Filmed Entertainment segments and certain of their suppliers
 retain the services of writers, directors, actors, trade
 employees and others who are covered by collective bargaining
 agreements and who are involved in the development and
 production of motion pictures and television programs. On
 November 5, 2007, the Writers Guild of America (East and
 West) (the “WGA”) commenced an industry-wide strike
 following the expiration of its collective bargaining agreement
 on October 31, 2007, primarily due to the failure of the
 WGA to come to agreement with content producers over the revenue
 derived from exhibition of filmed entertainment content on new
 media platforms. In February 2007, content producers and the WGA
 reached an agreement on these issues, thereby ending the strike,
 and in January 2007 content producers and the Directors Guild of
 America (the “DGA”) came to an agreement on similar
 issues. The WGA strike has caused delays in the production of
 the segments’ feature films and television programs and the
 development of new television series. These delays could result
 in increased costs when resuming production.

 The collective bargaining agreements between content producers
 and the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists
 (“AFTRA”) and the Screen Actors Guild
 (“SAG”) that cover the services of actors on feature
 films and network-prime-time television programs expire on
 June 30, 2008. Industry-wide negotiations with SAG and
 AFTRA, which will address similar new media issues to those
 addressed in the WGA and DGA negotiations, are scheduled to
 commence in March 2008. SAG and AFTRA could take actions in the
 form of strikes, work slowdowns or work stoppages if agreements
 are not reached before their respective contracts expire. Such
 actions could cause additional delays in the production or the
 release dates of the segments’ feature films and television
 programs, as well as higher costs resulting either from such
 actions or less favorable terms of these agreements on renewal.

 RISKS
 RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S FILMED ENTERTAINMENT
 BUSINESS

 DVD sales have been declining, which may adversely affect
 the Filmed Entertainment segment’s growth prospects and
 results of operations.
  Several factors,
 including increasing competition for consumer discretionary
 spending, piracy, the maturation of the DVD format, increased
 competition for retailer shelf space and the fragmentation of
 consumer leisure time, are contributing to an industry-wide
 decline in DVD sales both domestically and internationally. The
 high definition format war between the HD DVD and Blu-ray
 formats has slowed consumer adoption of those technologies. In
 January 2008, Warner Bros. announced that, starting in June
 2008, it will release its content exclusively in the Blu-ray
 format. Nevertheless, consumer uncertainty may continue to slow
 widespread adoption of a new high definition format or lead
 consumers to forego adopting a high definition DVD format
 altogether, which would adversely affect DVD sales. DVD sales
 also may be affected as consumers increasingly shift from
 consuming physical entertainment products to digital forms of
 entertainment. The filmed entertainment industry faces a
 challenge in managing the transition from physical to digital
 formats in a manner that continues to support the current DVD
 business and its relationships with large retail customers and
 yet meets the growing consumer demand for delivery of filmed
 entertainment in a variety of digital formats. There can be no
 assurance that home video wholesale prices can be maintained at
 current levels, due to aggressive retail pricing, digital
 competition and other factors. A continuing decline in DVD sales
 could have an adverse impact on the segment’s results of
 operations and growth prospects.

 44

Table of Contents

 The Filmed Entertainment segment’s strategy includes
 the release of a limited number of “event” films each
 year, and the underperformance of one or more of these films
 could have an adverse effect on the Filmed Entertainment
 segment’s results of operations and financial
 condition.
  The Filmed Entertainment segment
 expects to theatrically release a limited number of feature
 films each year that are expected to be “event” or
 “tent-pole” films and that generally have higher
 production and marketing costs than the other films released
 during the year. The underperformance of one of these films can
 have an adverse impact on the segment’s results of
 operations in both the year of release and in the future.
 Historically, there has been a correlation between domestic box
 office success and international box office success, as well as
 a correlation between box office success and success in the
 subsequent distribution channels of home video and television.
 If the segment’s films fail to achieve box office success,
 the results of operations and financial condition of the Filmed
 Entertainment segment could be adversely affected. Further,
 there can be no assurance that these historical correlations
 will continue in the future.

 The costs of producing and marketing feature films have
 increased and may increase in the future, which may make it more
 difficult for a film to generate a
 profit.
  The production and marketing of
 feature films require substantial capital, and the costs of
 producing and marketing feature films have generally increased
 in recent years. These costs may continue to increase in the
 future, which may make it more difficult for the segment’s
 films to generate a profit. As production and marketing costs
 increase, it creates a greater need to generate revenue
 internationally or from other media, such as home video,
 television and new media.

 Changes in estimates of future revenues from feature films
 could result in the write-off or the acceleration of the
 amortization of film production costs.
  The
 Filmed Entertainment segment is required to amortize capitalized
 film production costs over the expected revenue streams as it
 recognizes revenue from the associated films. The amount of film
 production costs that will be amortized each quarter depends on
 how much future revenue the segment expects to receive from each
 film. Unamortized film production costs are evaluated for
 impairment each reporting period on a

film-by-film
 basis. If estimated remaining revenue is not sufficient to
 recover the unamortized film production costs plus expected but
 unincurred marketing costs, the unamortized film production
 costs will be written down to fair value. In any given quarter,
 if the segment lowers its forecast with respect to total
 anticipated revenue from any individual feature film, it would
 be required to accelerate amortization of related film costs.
 Such a write-down or accelerated amortization could adversely
 impact the operating results of the Filmed Entertainment segment.

 A decrease in demand for television product could
 adversely affect Warner Bros.’
 revenues.
   Warner Bros. is a leading supplier
 of television programming. If there is a decrease in the demand
 for Warner Bros.’ television product, it could lead to the
 launch of fewer new television series and a reduction in the
 number of original programs ordered by the networks and the
 per-episode license fees generated by Warner Bros. in the near
 term. In addition, such a decrease in demand could lead to a
 reduction in syndication revenues in the future. Various factors
 may increase the risk of such a decrease in demand, including
 station group consolidation and vertical integration between
 station groups and broadcast networks, as well as the vertical
 integration between television production studios and broadcast
 networks, which can increase the networks’ reliance on
 their in-house or affiliated studios. In addition, the failure
 of ratings for the programming to meet expectations and the
 shift of viewers and advertisers away from network television to
 other entertainment and information outlets could adversely
 affect the amount of original programming ordered by networks
 and the amount they are willing to pay for such programming.
 Local television stations may face loss of viewership and an
 accompanying loss of advertising revenue as viewers move to
 other entertainment outlets, which may negatively impact the
 segment’s ability to obtain the per-episode license fees in
 syndication that it has received in the past. Finally, the
 increasing popularity of local television content in
 international markets also could result in decreased demand,
 fewer available broadcast slots, and lower licensing and
 syndication revenue for U.S. television content.

 RISKS
 RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S NETWORKS BUSINESS

 The loss of affiliation agreements could cause the revenue
 of the Networks segment to decline in any given period, and
 further consolidation of multichannel video programming
 distributors could adversely affect the
 segment.
  The Networks segment depends on
 affiliation agreements with cable system and DBS operators and
 telephone companies for the distribution of its networks and
 services, and there can be no assurance that these affiliation
 agreements will be renewed in the future on terms that are
 acceptable to the Networks segment. The

 45

Table of Contents

 renewal of such agreements on less favorable terms may adversely
 affect the segment’s results of operations. In addition,
 the loss of any one of these arrangements representing a
 significant number of subscribers or the loss of carriage on the
 most widely penetrated programming tiers could reduce the
 distribution of the segment’s programming, which may
 adversely affect its advertising and subscription revenue. The
 loss of favorable packaging, positioning, pricing or other
 marketing opportunities with any distributor of the
 segment’s networks also could reduce subscription revenue.
 In addition, further consolidation among cable system and DBS
 operators has provided greater negotiating power to such
 distributors, and increased vertical integration of such
 distributors could adversely affect the segment’s ability
 to maintain or obtain distribution
 and/or
 marketing for its networks and services on commercially
 reasonable terms, or at all.

 The inability of the Networks segment to license rights to
 popular programming or create popular original programming could
 adversely affect the segment’s
 revenue.
  The Networks segment obtains a
 significant portion of its popular programming from third
 parties. For example, some of Turner’s most widely viewed
 programming, including sports programming, is made available
 based on programming rights of varying durations that it has
 negotiated with third parties. Home Box Office also enters into
 commitments to acquire rights to feature films and other
 programming for its HBO and Cinemax pay television programming
 services from feature film producers and other suppliers for
 varying durations. Competition for popular programming licensed
 from third parties is intense, and the businesses in the segment
 may be outbid by their competitors for the rights to new popular
 programming or in connection with the renewal of popular
 programming they currently license. In addition, renewal costs
 could substantially exceed the existing contract costs.
 Alternatively, third parties from which the segment obtains
 programming, such as professional sports teams or leagues, may
 create their own networks.

 The operating results of the Networks segment also fluctuate
 with the popularity of its programming with the public, which is
 difficult to predict. Revenue from the segment’s businesses
 is therefore partially dependent on the segment’s ability
 to develop strong brand awareness and to target key areas of the
 television viewing audience, including both newer demographics
 and preferences for particular genres, as well as its ability to
 continue to anticipate and adapt to changes in consumer tastes
 and behavior on a timely basis. Moreover, the Networks segment
 derives a portion of its revenue from the exploitation of the
 Company’s library of feature films, animated titles and
 television titles. If the content of the Company’s
 programming libraries ceases to be of interest to audiences or
 is not continuously replenished with popular original content,
 the revenue of the Networks segment could be adversely affected.

 Increases in the costs of programming licenses and other
 significant costs may adversely affect the gross margins of the
 Networks segment.
  As described above, the
 Networks segment licenses a significant amount of its
 programming, such as motion pictures, television series, and
 sports events, from movie studios, television production
 companies and sports organizations. For example, Home Box Office
 relies on film studios for a significant portion of its content.
 In addition, the Turner networks have obtained the rights to
 produce and broadcast significant sports events such as the NBA
 play-offs, the Major League Baseball play-offs and a series of
 NASCAR races. If the level of demand for quality content exceeds
 the amount of quality content available, the networks may have
 to pay significantly higher licensing costs, which in turn will
 exert greater pressure on the segment to offset such increased
 costs with higher advertising

and/or
 subscription revenue. There can be no assurance that the
 Networks segment will be able to renew existing or enter into
 additional license agreements for its programming and, if so, if
 it will be able to do so on terms that are similar to existing
 terms. There also can be no assurance that it will be able to
 obtain the rights to distribute the content it licenses over new
 distribution platforms on acceptable terms. If it is unable to
 obtain such extensions, renewals or agreements on acceptable
 terms, the gross margins of the Networks segment may be
 adversely affected.

 The Networks segment also produces programming, and it incurs
 costs for new show concepts and all types of creative talent,
 including actors, writers and producers. The segment incurs
 additional significant costs, such as newsgathering and
 marketing costs. Unless they are offset by increased revenue,
 increases in the costs of creative talent or in production,
 newsgathering or marketing costs may lead to decreased profits
 at the Networks segment.

 The maturity of the U.S. video services business,
 together with rising retail rates, distributors’ focus on
 selling alternative products and other factors, could adversely
 affect the future revenue growth of the Networks
 segment.
  The U.S. video services
 business generally is a mature business, which may have a
 negative impact on

 46

Table of Contents

 the ability of the Networks segment to achieve incremental
 growth in its advertising and subscription revenues. In
 addition, programming distributors may increase their resistance
 to wholesale programming price increases, and programming
 distributors are increasingly focused on selling services other
 than video, such as high-speed data and voice services. Also,
 consumers’ basic cable rates have continued to increase,
 which could cause consumers to cancel their cable or satellite
 service subscriptions. The inability of the Networks segment to
 implement measures to maintain future revenue growth may
 adversely affect its business.

 Changes in U.S. or foreign communications laws or
 other regulations may have an adverse effect on the business of
 the Networks segment.
  The multichannel video
 programming and distribution industries in the United States, as
 well as cable networks, are regulated by U.S. federal laws
 and regulations issued and administered by various federal
 agencies, including the FCC. The U.S. Congress and the FCC
 currently are considering, and may in the future adopt, new
 laws, regulations and policies regarding a wide variety of
 matters that could, directly or indirectly, affect the
 operations of the Networks segment. For example, policymakers
 have expressed interest in exploring whether cable operators
 should offer “à la carte” programming to
 subscribers on a

network-by-network
 basis or provide “family-friendly” tiers, and a number
 of cable operators, including TWC, have voluntarily agreed to
 offer family tiers. The FCC also is examining the manner in
 which some programming distributors package or bundle services
 sold to distributors; the same conduct is at issue in
 industry-wide antitrust litigation pending in Federal court in
 Los Angeles, in which the plaintiffs seek to prohibit wholesale
 bundling practices prospectively. The unbundling or tiering of
 program services may reduce the distribution of certain cable
 networks, thereby creating the risk of reduced viewership and
 increased marketing expenses, and may affect the segment’s
 ability to compete for or attract the same level of advertising
 dollars. Policymakers have also raised concerns about the
 potential impact on childhood obesity rates of food and beverage
 advertising during children’s television programming. Any
 decline in subscribers could lead to a decrease in the
 segment’s advertising and subscription revenues. The
 Networks segment is unable to predict whether any new or revised
 regulations will result from these activities.

 There also has been consideration of the extension of indecency
 rules applicable to
 over-the-air
 broadcasters to cable and satellite programming and stricter
 enforcement of existing laws and rules. If such an extension or
 attempt to increase enforcement occurred and were upheld, the
 content of the Networks segment could be subject to additional
 regulation, which could affect subscriber and viewership levels.
 Moreover, the determination of whether content is indecent is
 inherently subjective and, as such, it can be difficult to
 predict whether particular content would violate indecency
 standards. The difficulty in predicting whether individual
 programs, words or phrases may violate the FCC’s indecency
 rules adds uncertainty to the ability of the Networks segment to
 comply with the rules. Violation of the indecency rules could
 lead to sanctions that may adversely affect the businesses and
 results of operations of the Networks segment.

 RISKS
 RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S PUBLISHING BUSINESS

 The Publishing segment faces significant competition for
 advertising and audience.
  The Publishing
 segment faces significant competition from several direct
 competitors and other media, including the Internet. The
 Publishing segment’s magazine and website operations
 compete for circulation and audience with numerous other
 magazine and website publishers and other media. The Publishing
 segment’s magazine and website operations also compete with
 other magazine and website publishers and other media for
 advertising directed at the general public and at more focused
 demographic groups. Time Inc.’s direct marketing operations
 compete with other direct marketers across all media, including
 the Internet, for the consumer’s attention.

 Competition for advertising revenue is primarily based on
 advertising rates, the nature and size of audience (including
 the circulation and readership of magazines and the number of
 unique visitors to and page views of websites), audience
 response to advertisers’ products and services and the
 effectiveness of sales teams. Other competitive factors in
 magazine and website publishing include product positioning,
 editorial quality, price and customer service, which impact
 audience, circulation revenue and advertising revenue. The
 magazine and website publishing businesses present few barriers
 to entry and many new magazines and websites are launched
 annually across multiple sectors. In recent years competitors
 have launched
 and/or
 repositioned many magazines and websites, primarily in the
 celebrity, women’s service and business sectors, that
 compete directly with 
People, InStyle, Real Simple, Fortune
 and other Publishing segment magazines, as well as the
 segment’s websites. This has

 47

Table of Contents

 resulted in increased competition, especially at newsstands and
 mass retailers and particularly for celebrity and entertainment
 magazines. The Company anticipates that it will face continuing
 competition from these new competitors, and it is possible that
 additional competitors may enter the magazine and website
 publishing businesses and further intensify competition, which
 could have an adverse impact on the segment’s revenue. In
 addition, websites that charge users for access may shift to a
 free-to-user advertising model, which could negatively affect
 the competitive position of the segment’s websites.

 The Publishing segment has in recent years made various changes
 in its magazine circulation practices and consequently faces new
 challenges in identifying new subscribers and increasing
 circulation, which could have an adverse impact not only on its
 circulation revenue but also on its advertising revenue.

 Although the shift in consumer habits
 and/or
 advertising expenditures from traditional to online media poses
 risks to several of the Company’s businesses, such risks
 are particularly significant for the Company’s Publishing
 segment because a substantial portion of the segment’s
 revenue is derived from the sale of
 advertising.

  See “Risks Relating to Time
 Warner Generally — The introduction and increased
 popularity of alternative technologies for the distribution of
 news, entertainment and other information and the resulting
 shift in consumer habits

and/or
 advertising expenditures from traditional to online media could
 adversely affect the revenues of the Company’s Publishing,
 Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments.”

 The Publishing segment could face increased costs and
 business disruption resulting from instability in the newsstand
 distribution channel.
  The Publishing segment
 operates a national distribution business that relies on
 wholesalers to distribute magazines published by the Publishing
 segment and other publishers to newsstands and other retail
 outlets. Due to industry consolidation, four wholesalers
 represent approximately 80% of the wholesale magazine
 distribution business in the U.S. There is a possibility of
 further consolidation among these wholesalers

and/or
 insolvency of one or more of these wholesalers. Should there be
 a disruption in this wholesale channel it could adversely affect
 the Publishing segment’s operating income and cash flow,
 including temporarily impeding the Publishing segment’s
 ability to distribute magazines to the retail marketplace.

 The Publishing segment’s operating income could
 decrease as a result of rising paper
 costs.
  The Publishing segment’s
 principal raw material is paper, and paper prices have
 fluctuated over the past several years. In addition, the paper
 industry is undergoing certain consolidation and ownership
 changes which could impact paper prices. Accordingly, if there
 are significant unanticipated increases in paper prices and the
 Publishing segment is not able to offset these increases, they
 could have a negative impact on the segment’s operating
 income.

 The Publishing segment faces risks relating to various
 regulatory and legislative matters, including changes in Audit
 Bureau of Circulations rules and possible changes in regulation
 of direct marketing.
  The Publishing
 segment’s magazine subscription and direct marketing
 activities are subject to regulation by the FTC and the states
 under general consumer protection statutes prohibiting unfair or
 deceptive acts or practices. Certain areas of marketing activity
 are also subject to specific federal statutes and rules, such as
 the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, the Children’s
 Online Privacy Protection Act, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
 (relating to financial privacy), the FTC Mail or Telephone Order
 Merchandise Rule and the FTC Telemarketing Sales Rule. Other
 statutes and rules also regulate conduct in areas such as
 privacy, data security and telemarketing. New statutes and
 regulations are adopted frequently. In addition, the Publishing
 segment’s magazine subscription activities are subject to
 the rules of the Audit Bureau of Circulations. New rules, as
 well as new interpretations of existing rules, are periodically
 adopted by the Audit Bureau of Circulations and could lead to
 changes in the segment’s magazine circulation practices
 that could have a negative effect on the segment’s ability
 to generate new magazine subscriptions, meet rate bases and
 support advertising sales.