.

 RISKS
 RELATING TO TIME WARNER GENERALLY

 Weakening economic conditions or other factors could
 continue to reduce the Company’s advertising or other
 revenues or hinder its ability to maintain or increase such
 revenues.
 Expenditures by advertisers tend to be
 cyclical, reflecting general economic conditions, such as
 recessions, as well as budgeting and buying patterns. The global
 economy is currently undergoing a period of slowdown and
 unprecedented volatility, which some observers view as a
 recession, and the future economic environment may continue to
 be less favorable than that of recent years. This slowdown could
 lead to further reduced advertising expenditures in the
 foreseeable future. Because several of the Company’s
 segments derive a substantial portion of their revenues from the
 sale of advertising, declines and delays in advertising
 expenditures could continue to reduce the Company’s
 revenues and hinder its ability to maintain or increase these
 revenues. Advertising expenditures also could be negatively
 affected by other factors, such as shifting societal norms,
 pressure from public interest groups, changes in laws and
 regulations and other social, political, technological and
 regulatory developments. Disasters, acts of terrorism, political
 uncertainty or hostilities also could lead to a reduction in
 advertising expenditures as a result of uninterrupted news
 coverage and economic uncertainty. Advertising expenditures by
 companies in certain sectors of the economy, including the
 automotive, financial services, pharmaceutical, retail,
 telecommunications and food and beverage industries, represent a
 significant portion of the Company’s advertising revenues,
 and any political, economic, social or technological change
 resulting in a significant reduction in the advertising spending
 of these or other sectors could further adversely affect the
 Company’s advertising revenues or its ability to maintain
 or increase such revenues.

 Economic slowdowns may have, and in the case of the current
 economic slowdown, have had, additional consequences that impact
 the Company’s business and results of operations. Because
 many of the products and services offered by the Company are
 largely discretionary items, further weakening economic
 conditions or outlook could lead to declines in sales of such
 products and services. In addition, declines in consumer
 spending may indirectly impact the Company’s revenues by
 adversely affecting the sales of products that are required to
 use the Company’s products, such as high definition
 televisions and high definition DVD players, or by putting
 downward pricing pressure on advertising because advertisers may
 not perceive as much value in advertising if consumers are
 purchasing fewer of their products or services. Accordingly,
 declines in consumer spending could have additional negative
 effects on the Company’s revenues or the Company’s
 ability to increase revenues. In addition, if growth in the
 number of homes occupied continues to decline, it could
 negatively impact TWC’s ability to attract new or retain
 existing basic video subscribers and generate increased
 subscription revenues. The Company also faces risks associated
 with the impact of economic downturns on third parties, such as
 suppliers, retailers, film co-financing partners and other
 parties with which it does business. If these parties file for
 protection under bankruptcy laws or otherwise experience
 negative effects on their businesses due to the economic
 slowdown or other reasons related to economic conditions, it
 could negatively affect the Company’s business or operating
 results.

 Time Warner is exposed to risks associated with turmoil in
 the financial markets.
 U.S. and global credit and
 equity markets have recently undergone significant disruption,
 making it difficult for many businesses to obtain financing on
 acceptable terms. In addition, equity markets are continuing to
 experience wide fluctuations in value. If these conditions
 continue or worsen, the Company’s cost of borrowing may
 increase, and it may be more difficult to obtain financing in
 the future. In addition, an increasing number of financial
 institutions and insurance companies have reported significant
 deterioration in their financial condition. If any of the
 significant lenders, insurance companies or other financial
 institutions are unable to perform their obligations under the
 Company’s credit agreements, insurance policies or other
 contracts, and the Company is unable to find suitable
 replacements on acceptable terms, the Company’s results of
 operations, liquidity and cash flows could be adversely
 affected. The Company also faces challenges relating to the
 impact of the disruption in the global financial markets on
 other parties with which the Company does business, such as
 vendors, retailers and film

co-financing
 partners. The inability of these parties to obtain financing on
 acceptable terms could impair their ability to perform under
 their agreements with the Company and lead to various negative
 effects on the Company, including business disruption,

 34

Table of Contents

 decreased revenues, increases in bad debt write-offs and, in the
 case of film
 co-financing
 partners, greater risk with respect to the performance of the
 Company’s films. A sustained decline in the financial
 stability of these parties could have an adverse impact on Time
 Warner’s business and results of operations.

 Time Warner faces risks relating to doing business
 internationally that could adversely affect its business and
 operating results.
 Time Warner’s businesses
 operate and serve customers worldwide. There are certain risks
 inherent in doing business internationally, including:

 •    

 economic volatility and the global economic slowdown;

 •    

 currency exchange rate fluctuations;

 •    

 the requirements of local laws and customs relating to the
 publication and distribution of content and the display and sale
 of advertising;

 •    

 import or export restrictions and changes in trade regulations;

 •    

 difficulties in developing, staffing and simultaneously managing
 a large number of foreign operations as a result of distance and
 language and cultural differences;

 •    

 issues related to occupational safety and adherence to stringent
 local labor laws and regulations;

 •    

 potentially adverse tax developments;

 •    

 longer payment cycles;

 •    

 political or social unrest;

 •    

 seasonal volatility in business activity;

 •    

 risks related to government regulation;

 •    

 the existence in some countries of statutory shareholder
 minority rights and restrictions on foreign direct ownership;

 •    

 the presence of corruption in certain countries; and

 •    

 higher than anticipated costs of entry.

 One or more of these factors could harm the Company’s
 international operations and its business and operating results.

 Time Warner’s businesses face additional risks
 internationally. The Company could be at a competitive
 disadvantage in the long term if its businesses are not able to
 strengthen their positions and capitalize on international
 opportunities in growth economies and media sectors.
 International expansion involves significant investments as well
 as risks associated with doing business abroad, as described
 above. Furthermore, investments in some regions can take a long
 period to generate an adequate return and in some cases there
 may not be a developed or efficient legal system to protect
 foreign investment or intellectual property rights. In addition,
 if the Company expands into new international regions, some of
 its businesses will have only limited experience in operating
 and marketing their products and services in certain regions and
 could be at a disadvantage compared to competitors with more
 experience, particularly diversified media companies that are
 well established in some developing nations. Although the
 Company is seeking to expand in certain strategic international
 regions and is formulating strategies for the growth of
 diversified media businesses in developing nations, there can be
 no assurance that such strategies will succeed.

 The introduction and increased popularity of alternative
 technologies for the distribution of news, entertainment and
 other information and the resulting shift in consumer habits
 and/or
 advertising expenditures from traditional to online media could
 adversely affect the revenues of the Company’s Publishing,
 Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments.

 The
 Company’s Publishing and Networks segments derive a
 substantial portion of their revenue from advertising in
 magazines and on television. Distribution of news, entertainment
 and other information via the Internet has become increasingly
 popular over the past several years, and viewing news,
 entertainment and other content on a personal computer, cellular
 phone or other electronic or portable electronic device has
 become increasingly popular as well. Accordingly, advertising
 dollars have started to shift from traditional media to online
 media. The shift in major advertisers’ expenditures from
 traditional to online media has had an adverse effect on the
 revenue growth of the Publishing and Networks segments, which
 may continue in the future. This shift could also further
 intensify competition for advertising in traditional media,
 which could exert greater pressure on these segments to increase
 revenues from online advertising. In addition, if consumers
 increasingly elect to obtain news and entertainment online
 instead of by purchasing the Publishing segment’s
 magazines, this trend could negatively impact the segment’s
 circulation revenue and also adversely affect its advertising
 revenue. The Publishing and Networks segments have taken

 35

Table of Contents

 various steps to diversify the means by which they distribute
 content and generate advertising revenue, including increasing
 investments in Internet properties. However, the segments’
 strategies for achieving sustained revenue growth may not be
 sufficient to offset revenue losses resulting from a continued
 shift in advertising dollars over the long term from traditional
 to online media. In addition, this trend also could have an
 indirect negative impact on the licensing revenue generated by
 the Filmed Entertainment segment and the revenue generated by
 Home Box Office from the licensing of its original programming
 in syndication and to basic cable networks.

 Several of the Company’s businesses operate in
 industries that are subject to rapid technological change, and
 if Time Warner does not respond appropriately to technological
 changes, its competitive position may be
 harmed.
 Time Warner’s businesses operate in
 the highly competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing
 media, entertainment, interactive services and cable industries.
 Several of its businesses are dependent to a large extent on
 their ability to acquire, develop, adopt, and exploit new and
 existing technologies to distinguish their products and services
 from those of their competitors. Technological development,
 application and exploitation can take long periods of time and
 require significant capital investments. In addition, the
 Company may be required to anticipate far in advance which of
 the potential new technologies and equipment it should adopt for
 new products and services or for future enhancements of or
 upgrades to its existing products and services. If it chooses
 technologies or equipment that do not become the prevailing
 standard or that are less effective, cost-efficient or
 attractive to its customers than those chosen by its
 competitors, or if it offers products or services that fail to
 appeal to consumers, are not available at competitive prices or
 do not function as expected, the Company’s competitive
 position could deteriorate, and its operations, business or
 financial results could be adversely affected.

 The Company’s competitive position also may be adversely
 affected by various timing factors, such as delays in its new
 product or service offerings or the ability of its competitors
 to acquire or develop and introduce new technologies, products
 and services more quickly than the Company. Furthermore,
 advances in technology or changes in competitors’ product
 and service offerings may require the Company in the future to
 make additional research and development expenditures or to
 offer at no additional charge or at a lower price certain
 products and services the Company currently offers to customers
 separately or at a premium. Also, if the costs of existing
 technologies decrease in the future, the Company may not be able
 to maintain current price levels for its products or services.
 In addition, the inability to obtain intellectual property
 rights from third parties at a reasonable price or at all could
 impair the ability of the Company to respond to technological
 advances in a timely or cost-effective manner.

 The combination of increased competition, more
 technologically-advanced platforms, products and services, the
 increasing number of choices available to consumers and the
 overall rate of change in the media, entertainment, interactive
 services and cable industries requires companies such as Time
 Warner to become more responsive to consumer needs and to adapt
 more quickly to market conditions than in the past. The Company
 could have difficulty managing these changes while at the same
 time maintaining its rates of growth and profitability.

 The Company faces risks relating to competition for the
 leisure and entertainment time of audiences, which has
 intensified in part due to advances in
 technology.
 In addition to the various competitive
 factors discussed in the following paragraphs, all of the
 Company’s businesses are subject to risks relating to
 increasing competition for the leisure and entertainment time of
 consumers, and this competition may intensify further during
 economic downturns. The Company’s businesses compete with
 each other and all other sources of news, information and
 entertainment, including broadcast television, movies, live
 events, radio broadcasts, home video products, console games,
 sports, print media and the Internet. Technological
 advancements, such as video on demand, new video formats and
 Internet streaming and downloading, have increased the number of
 media and entertainment choices available to consumers and
 intensified the challenges posed by audience fragmentation. The
 increasing number of choices available to audiences could
 negatively impact not only consumer demand for the
 Company’s products and services, but also advertisers’
 willingness to purchase advertising from the Company’s
 businesses. If the Company does not respond appropriately to
 further increases in the leisure and entertainment choices
 available to consumers, the Company’s competitive position
 could deteriorate, and its financial results could suffer.

 Piracy of the Company’s feature films, television
 programming and other content may decrease the revenues received
 from the exploitation of the Company’s entertainment
 content and adversely affect its business and
 profitability.
 Piracy of motion pictures,
 television programming, video content, DVDs and interactive
 videogames poses significant challenges to several of the
 Company’s businesses. Technological advances allowing the

 36

Table of Contents

 unauthorized dissemination of motion pictures, television
 programming and other content in unprotected digital formats,
 including via the Internet, increase the threat of piracy. Such
 technological advances make it easier to create, transmit and
 distribute high quality unauthorized copies of such content. The
 proliferation of unauthorized copies and piracy of the
 Company’s products or the products it licenses from third
 parties can have an adverse effect on its businesses and
 profitability because these products reduce the revenue that
 Time Warner potentially could receive from the legitimate sale
 and distribution of its content. In addition, if piracy
 continues to increase, it could have an adverse effect on the
 Company’s business and profitability. Although piracy
 adversely affects the Company’s U.S. revenues, the
 impact on revenues from outside the United States is more
 significant, particularly in countries where laws protective of
 intellectual property rights are insufficient or are not
 strictly enforced. Policing the unauthorized use of the
 Company’s intellectual property is difficult, and the steps
 taken by the Company to combat piracy will not prevent the
 infringement by
 and/or
 piracy of unauthorized third parties in every case. There can be
 no assurance that the Company’s efforts to enforce its
 rights and protect its intellectual property will be successful
 in reducing content piracy.

 Time Warner’s businesses may suffer if it cannot
 continue to license or enforce the intellectual property rights
 on which its businesses depend.
 The Company relies
 on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws in the
 United States and similar laws in other countries, and licenses
 and other agreements with its employees, customers, suppliers
 and other parties, to establish and maintain its intellectual
 property rights in technology and products and services used in
 its various operations. However, the Company’s intellectual
 property rights could be challenged or invalidated, or such
 intellectual property rights may not be sufficient to permit it
 to take advantage of current industry trends or otherwise to
 provide competitive advantages, which could result in costly
 redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain product and service
 offerings or other competitive harm. Further, the laws of
 certain countries do not protect Time Warner’s proprietary
 rights, or such laws may not be strictly enforced. Therefore, in
 certain jurisdictions the Company may be unable to protect its
 intellectual property adequately against unauthorized copying or
 use, which could adversely affect its competitive position.
 Also, because of the rapid pace of technological change in the
 industries in which the Company operates, much of the business
 of its various segments relies on technologies developed or
 licensed by third parties, and Time Warner may not be able to
 obtain or to continue to obtain licenses from these third
 parties on reasonable terms, if at all. It is also possible
 that, in connection with a merger, sale or acquisition
 transaction, the Company may license its trademarks or service
 marks and associated goodwill to third parties, or the business
 of various segments could be subject to certain restrictions in
 connection with such trademarks or service marks and associated
 goodwill that were not in place prior to such a transaction.

 The Company has been, and may be in the future, subject to
 claims of intellectual property infringement, which could have
 an adverse impact on the Company’s businesses or operating
 results due to a disruption in its business operations, the
 incurrence of significant costs and other
 factors.
 From time to time, the Company receives
 notices from others claiming that it infringes their
 intellectual property rights. Recently, the number of patent
 infringement claims resulting in lawsuits, in particular against
 the technology-related businesses at AOL, has increased. The
 number of other intellectual property infringement claims also
 could increase in the future. Increased infringement claims and
 lawsuits could require Time Warner to enter into royalty or
 licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial
 monetary liability or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently
 from further use of the intellectual property in question. This
 could require Time Warner to change its business practices and
 limit its ability to compete effectively. Even if Time Warner
 believes that the claims are without merit, the claims can be
 time-consuming and costly to defend and divert management’s
 attention and resources away from its businesses. In addition,
 agreements entered into by the Company may require it to
 indemnify the other party for certain third-party intellectual
 property infringement claims, which could require the Company to
 expend sums to defend against or settle such claims or,
 potentially, to pay damages. If Time Warner is required to take
 any of these actions, it could have an adverse impact on the
 Company’s businesses or operating results. The use of new
 technologies to distribute content on the Internet, including
 through Internet sites providing social networking and
 user-generated content, could put some of the Company’s
 businesses at an increased risk of allegations of copyright or
 trademark infringement or legal liability, as well as cause them
 to incur significant technical, legal or other costs and limit
 their ability to provide competitive content, features or tools.

 37

Table of Contents

 Several of the Company’s businesses rely heavily on
 network and information systems or other technology, and a
 disruption or failure of such networks, systems or technology as
 a result of computer viruses, misappropriation of data or other
 malfeasance, as well as outages, natural disasters, accidental
 releases of information or similar events, may disrupt the
 Company’s businesses.
 Because network and
 information systems and other technologies are critical to many
 of Time Warner’s operating activities, network or
 information system shutdowns or service disruptions caused by
 events such as computer hacking, dissemination of computer
 viruses, worms and other destructive or disruptive software,
 denial of service attacks and other malicious activity, as well
 as power outages, natural disasters, terrorist attacks and
 similar events, pose increasing risks. Such an event could have
 an adverse impact on the Company and its customers, including
 degradation of service, service disruption, excessive call
 volume to call centers and damage to equipment and data. Such an
 event also could result in large expenditures necessary to
 repair or replace such networks or information systems or to
 protect them from similar events in the future. Significant
 incidents could result in a disruption of the Company’s
 operations, customer dissatisfaction, or a loss of customers or
 revenues.

 Furthermore, the operating activities of Time Warner’s
 various businesses could be subject to risks caused by
 misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification and accidental
 release or loss of information maintained in the information
 technology systems and networks of the Company and third party
 vendors, including customer, personnel and vendor data. The
 Company could be exposed to significant costs if such risks were
 to materialize, and such events could damage the reputation and
 credibility of Time Warner and its businesses and have a
 negative impact on its revenues. The Company also could be
 required to expend significant capital and other resources to
 remedy any such security breach. As a result of the increasing
 awareness concerning the importance of safeguarding personal
 information, the potential misuse of such information and
 legislation that has been adopted or is being considered
 regarding the protection, privacy and security of personal
 information, information-related risks are increasing,
 particularly for businesses like Time Warner’s that handle
 a large amount of personal customer data.

 The Company’s Internet and advertising businesses are
 subject to regulation in the U.S. and internationally,
 which could cause these businesses to incur additional costs or
 liabilities or disrupt their business
 practices.
 The Company’s businesses that
 generate revenues from online activities and the sale of
 advertising inventory and related services are subject to a
 variety of laws and regulations, including those relating to
 issues such as privacy, online gaming, consumer protection, data
 retention and data protection, content regulation, defamation,
 age verification, the use of “cookies” (such as
 software that allows for audience targeting and tracking of
 performance metrics), pricing, advertising to both children and
 adults, taxation, sweepstakes, promotions, billing and real
 estate. The application of such laws and regulations to these
 businesses in many instances is unclear or unsettled. Further,
 the application of laws regulating or requiring licenses for
 certain businesses of the Company’s advertisers, including
 the distribution of pharmaceuticals, alcohol, adult content,
 tobacco or firearms, insurance and securities brokerage and
 legal services, can be unclear and is developing, especially
 with respect to the sale of these products and services on the
 Internet. Various laws and regulations are intended to protect
 the interests of children, such as the Children’s Online
 Privacy Protection Act
, which restricts the ability of
 online services to collect user information from minors. There
 have been additional federal and state legislative proposals for
 online child protection, including with respect to the ability
 of minors to access social networking services. The
 Company’s Internet and advertising businesses could incur
 substantial costs necessary to comply with these laws and
 regulations or substantial penalties or other liabilities if
 they fail to comply with them. Compliance with these laws and
 regulations also could cause these businesses to change or limit
 their business practices in a manner that is adverse to the
 businesses. In addition, if there are changes in laws, such as
 the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and the Communications
 Decency Act, that provide protections that the Company’s
 Internet or advertising businesses rely on in conducting their
 businesses or if there are judicial interpretations narrowing
 the protections of these laws, it would subject these businesses
 to greater risk of liability and could increase their costs of
 compliance or limit their ability to operate certain lines of
 business.

 38

Table of Contents

 RISKS
 RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S AOL BUSINESS

 AOL’s business model involves significant
 risks.
 AOL has transitioned from a business that has
 primarily focused on generating subscription revenues to one
 that is more focused on attracting and engaging Internet
 consumers. During the shift in its business model and on a
 continuing basis, AOL’s subscription revenues have been
 declining, and these declines in subscription revenues have not
 been offset by increases in advertising revenues. Subscription
 revenues will remain an important source of operating income
 before depreciation and amortization (or OIBDA) for AOL in 2009,
 and if subscribers to AOL’s Internet access service decline
 at a rate faster than anticipated, AOL’s ability to
 generate OIBDA in 2009 may be adversely affected.

 Following the transition, AOL has become more dependent on
 advertising revenues to maintain or improve its financial
 performance. Cost reductions need to be made in order to better
 align AOL’s costs with an advertising-supported business
 model, to maintain or improve its financial performance and to
 adjust to weakening economic conditions. However, identifying
 and implementing cost reductions is becoming increasingly
 difficult to do in an operationally effective manner and is
 leading to employee distraction and a decline in morale, as well
 as difficulty in hiring and retaining necessary employees. In
 addition, AOL is now more prone to the risks associated with
 operating an advertising business. Advertising revenues are more
 unpredictable and variable than subscription revenues and are
 more likely to be adversely affected during economic downturns.
 AOL’s advertising business has benefited from growth in
 online advertising, and if online advertising does not continue
 to grow, whether because of changing economic conditions or
 otherwise, AOL’s advertising revenues could be adversely
 affected. See “Risks Relating to Time Warner
 Generally — Weakening economic conditions or other
 factors could continue to reduce the Company’s advertising
 or other revenues or hinder its ability to maintain or increase
 such revenues,” as well as the risks relating to AOL’s
 advertising business described below.

 Demand and pricing for, and volume sold of, online
 advertising may face downward pressure.
 During
 2008, AOL experienced lower demand from a number of advertiser
 categories (e.g., the retail, financial services, and automotive
 industries), a higher proportion of sales made through
 lower-priced sales channels, and pricing declines in certain
 inventory segments. In order for advertising revenues to be
 maintained or increased in 2009 over 2008, AOL believes that it
 will be important to increase the overall volume of advertising
 sold, including sales of advertising through its higher-priced
 channels and to maintain or increase pricing for advertising. If
 overall demand continues to decline, if sales continue to trend
 towards lower-priced sales channels or if overall pricing
 declines occur, AOL’s advertising revenues, operating
 margins and its ability to generate OIBDA could be adversely
 affected.

 Uncertainty about a possible sale or other disposition of
 AOL is having an adverse impact on AOL’s workforce that
 could negatively affect AOL’s business.
 In
 2008, the Company began a strategic review of its ownership of
 AOL. The uncertainty regarding AOL’s ownership status has
 had an adverse impact on employee morale and AOL’s ability
 to attract and retain employees and thus may adversely impact
 AOL’s ability to implement its business strategy, as well
 as its advertising relationships and its ability to operate
 effectively or efficiently.

 AOL’s lack of a proprietary search service may have
 an adverse impact on AOL’s advertising
 revenues.
 Unlike its key competitors for search
 advertising revenues, AOL does not own or control a search
 service and instead relies on Google to provide search services.
 As a result, AOL is not able to package and sell search
 advertising along with display advertising services outside the
 AOL Network and certain Time Warner digital properties. As
 search advertising represents a significant portion of online
 advertising spending, AOL believes that its lack of a
 proprietary search service may have an adverse impact on its
 ability to generate and increase advertising revenues.

 AOL faces risks associated with its dependence upon Google
 for search services.
 Google is the exclusive unpaid
 and paid web search provider for substantially all of the AOL
 Network and AOL’s products. In 2008, search advertising
 revenues comprised approximately one-third of AOL’s total
 advertising revenues and was the only category of AOL’s
 advertising revenues that grew year-over-year. Changes that
 Google has made and may unilaterally make in the future to its
 paid search service or advertising network, including changes in
 pricing, algorithms or advertising relationships, could have a
 significant negative impact on AOL’s advertising revenues.
 Furthermore, AOL has agreed to use Google’s algorithmic
 search and sponsored links on an exclusive basis through
 December 19, 2010. Upon expiration of this agreement, there
 can be no assurance that if the agreement is renewed,

 39

Table of Contents

 AOL would receive the same or a higher revenue share as it does
 under the current agreement, nor can there be any assurance that
 if AOL enters into an arrangement with an alternative search
 provider, the terms would be as favorable as those under the
 current Google agreement.

 AOL faces intense competition in all aspects of its
 business.
 The Internet is dynamic and rapidly
 evolving, and new and popular competitors, such as social
 networking sites, frequently emerge. Although AOL acquired Bebo,
 Inc. in 2008, Bebo faces strong competition from bigger and more
 established social networking sites. Competition among companies
 offering advertising products, technology and services and
 aggregators of third-party advertising inventory, advertising
 products, technology and services is intense and may contribute
 to continuing decreases in prices for certain advertising
 inventory that would negatively affect AOL’s Platform-A
 business unit. As AOL expands internationally, it will face
 intense competition from both global and local competitors. In
 addition, competition generally may cause AOL to incur
 unanticipated costs associated with research and product
 development. The competition faced by AOL’s Access Services
 business, especially from broadband access providers, could
 cause the number of AOL subscribers to decline at a faster rate
 than experienced in the past. There can be no assurance that AOL
 will be able to compete successfully in the future with existing
 or potential competitors or that competition will not have an
 adverse effect on its business or results of operations.

 Following the sales of AOL’s Access Services
 businesses in Europe, AOL depends on third parties for
 advertising revenues in Europe, and actions taken by such third
 parties could adversely impact AOL’s advertising
 revenues.
 AOL has sold to third parties its access
 businesses, including its subscriber relationships, in the U.K.,
 France and Germany. AOL depends on the current owners of these
 businesses and its relationships with its former subscribers to
 generate advertising revenues in these countries. AOL provides
 to the owners of its former access businesses varying levels of
 programming and advertising services and receives a portion of
 advertising revenues generated from certain activities. If one
 or more of these agreements is terminated by these third party
 or these parties take actions that impact AOL’s
 relationships with its former subscribers, AOL’s
 advertising revenues could be adversely affected.

 Changes to third-party software made by the third-party
 providers or by consumers could have an adverse impact on
 AOL’s advertising business.
 AOL’s
 advertising business is dependent upon third-party software,
 such as browsers, in order for advertising to be delivered,
 rendered, measured and reported, and changes made by the third
 parties or consumers to functionality, features or settings
 within this software could have an adverse impact on AOL’s
 advertising business. Also, other third party software may be
 used to block advertisements or delete cookies, and the
 widespread adoption and use of such software may have an adverse
 impact on AOL’s advertising business.

 AOL faces risks associated with the fragmentation of the
 Internet audience.
 Consumers are fragmenting across
 the Internet, away from portals, such as AOL.com and Yahoo!, and
 migrating towards social networks and niche websites. AOL has
 continued to acquire other companies, products and technologies
 and to purchase or develop content, applications, features and
 tools designed to attract and engage Internet consumers to
 address this fragmentation. However, there can be no assurance
 that these efforts will result in an increased number of
 consumers or increased engagement by Internet consumers on the
 AOL Network. Furthermore, as Internet consumers continue to
 fragment, advertisers could increasingly seek to purchase
 advertising from third-party advertising networks or directly on
 niche sites, which could benefit the Platform-A business unit
 but could adversely impact the advertising revenue generated on
 the AOL Network.

 If AOL does not continue to develop and offer compelling
 and differentiated content, products and services, AOL’s
 advertising revenues could be adversely
 affected.
 In order to attract Internet consumers
 and generate increased activity on the AOL Network, AOL believes
 that it must offer compelling and differentiated content,
 products and services. However, acquiring, developing and
 offering such content, products and services may require
 significant costs and time to develop, while consumer tastes may
 be difficult to predict and are subject to rapid change. If AOL
 is unable to provide content, products and services that are
 sufficiently attractive to its current and former subscribers
 and other Internet consumers, AOL may not be able to generate
 the increases in activity on the AOL Network necessary to
 generate increased paid-search and display advertising revenues.
 In addition, although AOL has access to certain content provided
 by the Company’s other businesses, it may be required to
 make substantial payments to license such content. Many of
 AOL’s content arrangements with third parties are
 non-exclusive, so competitors may be able to offer similar or
 identical content. If AOL is unable to acquire or develop

 40

Table of Contents

 compelling content and do so at reasonable prices, or if other
 companies offer content that is similar to that provided by AOL,
 AOL may not be able to attract and increase the engagement of
 Internet consumers on the AOL Network. Even if AOL successfully
 develops and offers compelling and differentiated content,
 products and services, AOL’s advertising revenues may not
 increase.

 Continued growth in AOL’s advertising business also depends
 on the ability of the Platform-A business unit to continue
 offering a competitive and distinctive range of advertising
 products and services for advertisers and publishers and its
 ability to maintain or increase prices for its advertising
 products and services. Continuing to develop and improve these
 products and services may require significant time and costs. If
 the Platform-A business unit cannot continue to develop and
 improve its advertising products and services or if prices for
 its advertising products and services decrease, AOL’s
 advertising revenues could be adversely affected.

 If AOL cannot effectively distribute its content, products
 and services, AOL may not be able to attract new Internet
 consumers or maintain or increase the engagement of Internet
 consumers and may not be able to increase advertising
 revenues. 
Distribution of AOL’s content,
 products and services is subject to significant competition.
 Furthermore, as the Internet audience continues to fragment and
 traffic continues to gravitate away from the Internet portals,
 distribution of AOL’s content, products and services via
 traditional methods may become less effective, and new
 distribution strategies may need to be developed. Even if AOL is
 able to effectively distribute its content, products and
 services, this does not assure that AOL will be able to attract
 new Internet consumers and maintain or increase the engagement
 of Internet consumers on the AOL Network. For example, consumers
 may choose not to access or utilize the AOL content, products or
 services even if they are made available to them. Accordingly,
 even if AOL is able to effectively distribute its content,
 products and services, AOL’s advertising revenues may not
 increase.

 Unless AOL increases the number of visitors to the AOL
 Network and maintains or increases their activity in areas where
 advertising revenues are generated, and even if it succeeds in
 doing so, AOL may not be able to increase advertising revenues
 associated with the AOL Network.
 In general,
 current and former subscribers are significantly more active on
 the AOL Network than other visitors to the AOL Network. As the
 number of AOL’s subscribers declines, AOL’s ability to
 maintain or increase advertising revenues may be adversely
 impacted unless the former subscribers are as active on the AOL
 Network after terminating their paid Internet access
 relationship with AOL as they were previously. In addition, AOL
 needs to increase the number of visitors, whether or not current
 or former subscribers, to the AOL Network and maintain or
 increase overall usage in order to continue to increase
 advertising revenues associated with the AOL Network.
 Furthermore, different online activities generate different
 volumes of advertising, sold at differing prices. It will be
 important that new visitors to the AOL Network be active on
 those properties that generate generally higher priced and
 higher volumes of advertising, leading to greater advertising
 revenues, and that as subscribers migrate to become unpaid
 accounts, their activity on the AOL Network continues in a
 manner similar to their activity before such migration. Even if
 the number of visitors to the AOL Network increases and even if
 their activity increases in areas where advertising revenues are
 generated, AOL’s advertising revenues may not increase.

 More individuals are using devices other than personal and
 laptop computers to access and use the Internet, and if AOL
 cannot make its content, products and services available and
 attractive to consumers via these alternative devices,
 AOL’s advertising revenues could be adversely
 affected.
 Individuals increasingly are accessing
 and using the Internet through devices other than a personal or
 laptop computer, such as personal digital assistants or mobile
 telephones, which differ from computers with respect to memory,
 functionality, resolution and screen size. In order for
 consumers to access and use AOL’s content, products and
 services via these alternative devices, AOL must ensure that its
 content, products and services are technologically compatible
 with such devices. AOL also needs to secure arrangements with
 device manufacturers and wireless carriers in order to have
 desktop placement on the alternative devices and to more
 effectively reach consumers. If AOL cannot effectively make its
 content, products and services available on alternative devices,
 fewer Internet consumers may access and use AOL’s content,
 products and services. Also, the Platform-A business unit must
 be able to compose, package, and deliver compelling advertising
 on alternative devices, and the advertising revenue it generates
 may be negatively affected if it is not able to effectively do
 so.

 Acquisitions of other companies could have an adverse
 impact on AOL’s operations and result in unanticipated
 liabilities.
 During 2007 and 2008, AOL acquired
 14 companies and may make additional

 41

Table of Contents

 acquisitions and strategic investments in the future. If AOL
 does not effectively integrate the operations and systems of
 Bebo, Inc. and the Platform-A companies (including Perfiliate
 Limited (doing business as buy. at), ADTECH, Quigo Technologies
 LLC and TACODA LLC), it could negatively affect AOL’s
 ability to compete effectively and increase advertising
 revenues. The completion of acquisitions and strategic
 investments and the integration of acquired businesses involve a
 substantial commitment of resources. In addition, past or future
 transactions may be accompanied by a number of risks, including:

 •    

 the uncertainty of AOL’s returns on investment due to the
 new and developing industries (e.g., mobile advertising) in
 which some of the acquired companies operate;

 •    

 the adverse impact of known potential liabilities or unknown
 liabilities, such as claims of patent or other intellectual
 property infringement, associated with the companies acquired or
 in which AOL invests;

 •    

 the difficulty of integrating technology, administrative
 systems, personnel and operations of acquired companies into
 AOL’s services, systems and operations and unanticipated
 expenses related to such integration;

 •    

 potential loss of key talent at acquired companies;

 •    

 the potential disruption of AOL’s on-going business and
 distraction of its management;

 •    

 additional operating losses and expenses of the businesses AOL
 acquires or in which it invests and the failure of such
 businesses to perform as expected;

 •    

 the failure to successfully further develop acquired technology
 resulting in the impairment of amounts currently capitalized as
 intangible assets;

 •    

 the difficulty of reconciling possibly conflicting or
 overlapping contractual rights and duties; and

 •    

 the impairment of relationships with customers, partners and
 employees as a result of the combination of acquired operations
 and new management personnel.

 The failure to successfully address these risks or other
 problems encountered in connection with past or future
 acquisitions and strategic investments could cause AOL to fail
 to realize the anticipated benefits of such transactions and
 incur unanticipated liabilities and could harm its business and
 operating results.

 New or changing federal, state or international privacy
 legislation or regulation could hinder the growth of AOL’s
 business.
 A variety of federal, state and
 international laws govern the collection, use, retention,
 sharing and security of consumer data that AOL uses to operate
 its services and to deliver certain advertisements to its
 customers, as well as the technologies used to collect such
 data. Not only are existing privacy-related laws in these
 jurisdictions evolving and subject to potentially disparate
 interpretation by governmental entities, new legislative
 proposals affecting privacy are now pending at both the federal
 and state level in the U.S. Changes to the interpretation
 of existing law or the adoption of new privacy-related
 requirements could adversely impact AOL’s advertising
 revenues. Also, a failure or perceived failure to comply with
 such laws or requirements or with AOL’s own policies and
 procedures could result in significant liabilities, including a
 possible loss of consumer or investor confidence or a loss of
 customers or advertisers.

 RISKS
 RELATING TO THE TWC SEPARATION AND TIME WARNER’S CABLE
 BUSINESS

 The Company may not achieve some or all of the benefits
 that it expects from the Separation.
 Time Warner
 believes that the Separation will result in several benefits to
 the Company, including increased long-term strategic, financial,
 operational and regulatory flexibility, a more efficient capital
 structure, a corporate structure that will better enable
 management to focus on Time Warner’s content and other
 businesses and further enhancement of the efficacy of equity
 incentives granted to management of those businesses. Similarly,
 TWC believes that the Separation will result in several benefits
 to TWC, including increased long-term strategic, operational and
 regulatory flexibility and a more efficient capital structure.
 The Company cannot predict with certainty when these benefits
 will occur or the extent to which they actually will be
 achieved, if at all. Furthermore, even if some or all of these
 benefits are achieved, they may not result in the creation of
 value for Time Warner and TWC stockholders.

 After the Separation, Time Warner’s businesses will
 be less diversified, which may adversely affect its business and
 operating results.
 After the Separation is
 completed, Time Warner will have a different operational and
 financial profile. Time Warner’s current diversification of
 revenue sources, resulting from TWC’s businesses

 42

Table of Contents

 together with the Company’s other businesses, tends to
 moderate operational volatility. The substantial majority of the
 revenues currently generated by TWC are subscription revenues.
 Certain of the Company’s divisions other than TWC derive a
 substantial portion of their revenues from the sale of
 advertising and content. Due to a number of factors, advertising
 and content revenues are generally more variable and less
 predictable than subscription revenues. Following the
 Separation, the Company will have less diversification of
 revenue sources, and, as a result, Time Warner’s results of
 operations, cash flows, working capital and financing
 requirements may be subject to increased volatility.

 In addition, all of TWC’s operations are domestic, while
 Time Warner’s other divisions operate and serve customers
 worldwide. After the Separation, Time Warner’s exposure to
 the risks related to doing business internationally will
 increase proportionately. These risks include, among other
 things, economic volatility, currency exchange rate fluctuations
 and risks related to government regulation. One or more of these
 risks could adversely affect the Company’s international
 operations and its overall business and operating results.

 TWC has incurred a substantial amount of debt, which may
 limit its flexibility or prevent it from taking advantage of
 business opportunities.
 In connection with the
 Separation, TWC incurred $7.0 billion of indebtedness
 pursuant to two public offerings of senior unsecured notes and
 debentures completed in 2008 to fund, in part, the Special
 Dividend and is expected to incur additional indebtedness to
 fund the Special Dividend and expenses related to the Separation
 Transactions through a combination of borrowings under
 TWC’s bridge facility, additional financing in the public
 debt markets

and/or
 borrowings under TWC’s revolving credit facility. The
 increased indebtedness and the terms of TWC’s financing
 arrangements and any future indebtedness will impose various
 restrictions on TWC that could limit its ability to respond to
 market conditions, provide for its capital investment needs or
 take advantage of business opportunities. In addition, as a
 result of TWC’s increased borrowings, its interest expense
 will be higher than it has been in the past, which will affect
 TWC’s profitability and cash flows.

 If the TWC Separation Transactions are determined to be
 taxable for income tax purposes, Time Warner and Time
 Warner’s stockholders that are subject to
 U.S. federal, state or local income tax could incur
 significant income tax liabilities.
 The TWC
 Separation Transactions are conditioned upon Time Warner’s
 receipt of a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue
 Service (the “IRS”) and opinions of tax counsel
 confirming that the TWC Separation Transactions should generally
 qualify as tax-free to Time Warner and its stockholders. The
 ruling and opinions rely on certain facts, assumptions,
 representations and undertakings from Time Warner and TWC
 regarding the past and future conduct of the companies’
 businesses and other matters. If any of these facts,
 assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or
 not otherwise satisfied, Time Warner and its stockholders may
 not be able to rely on the ruling or the opinions and could be
 subject to significant tax liabilities. Notwithstanding the
 private letter ruling and opinions, the IRS or state or local
 tax authorities (collectively with the IRS, the “Tax
 Authorities”) could determine on audit that the TWC
 Separation Transactions should be treated as taxable
 transactions if the Tax Authority determines that any of these
 facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are not
 correct or have been violated, or for other reasons, including
 as a result of significant changes in the stock ownership of
 Time Warner or TWC after the Distribution. Under the tax sharing
 agreement among Time Warner and TWC, TWC generally would be
 required to indemnify Time Warner against its taxes resulting
 from the failure of any of the TWC Separation Transactions to
 qualify as tax-free (“Transaction Taxes”) as a result
 of (i) certain actions or failures to act by TWC or
 (ii) the failure of certain representations to be made by
 TWC to be true. However, in the event that Transaction Taxes are
 incurred for any other reason, Time Warner would not be entitled
 to indemnification. In addition, due to the potential impact of
 significant stock ownership changes on the taxability of the TWC
 Separation Transactions, Time Warner and TWC may determine not
 to enter into transactions that might otherwise be advantageous,
 such as issuing equity securities to satisfy financing needs or
 acquiring businesses or assets with equity securities, if such
 issuances would exceed certain thresholds and such actions could
 be considered part of a plan or series of related transactions
 that include the Distribution.

 The Tax Authorities may challenge the tax
 characterizations of the Adelphia Acquisition, the Redemptions
 or the Exchange, or related valuations, and any successful
 challenge by the Tax Authorities could materially adversely
 affect Time Warner’s tax profile, significantly increase
 its future cash tax payments and significantly reduce its future
 earnings and cash flow.
 The Adelphia Acquisition
 was designed to be a fully taxable asset sale,

 43

Table of Contents

 the TWC Redemption was designed to qualify as a tax-free
 split-off under section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code of
 1986, as amended (the “Tax Code”), the TWE Redemption
 was designed as a redemption of Comcast’s partnership
 interest in TWE, and the Exchange was designed as an exchange of
 designated cable systems. There can be no assurance, however,
 that the Tax Authorities will not challenge one or more of such
 characterizations or the related valuations. Such a successful
 challenge by the Tax Authorities could materially adversely
 affect Time Warner’s tax profile (including its ability to
 recognize the intended tax benefits from these transactions),
 significantly increase its future cash tax payments and
 significantly reduce its future earnings and cash flow. The tax
 consequences of the Adelphia Acquisition, the Redemptions and
 the Exchange are complex and, in many cases, subject to
 significant uncertainties, including, but not limited to,
 uncertainties regarding the application of federal, state and
 local income tax laws to various transactions and events
 contemplated therein and regarding matters relating to valuation.

 TWC faces a wide range of competition, which could
 negatively affect its business and financial
 results.
 TWC’s industry is and will continue
 to be highly competitive. Any inability to compete effectively
 or an increase in competition with respect to video, high-speed
 data or voice services could have an adverse effect on
 TWC’s financial results and return on capital expenditures
 due to possible increases in the cost of gaining and retaining
 subscribers and lower per subscriber revenue, could slow or
 cause a decline in TWC’s growth rates, reduce its revenues,
 reduce the number of its subscribers or reduce its ability to
 increase penetration rates for services. As TWC expands and
 introduces new and enhanced services, it may be subject to
 competition from other providers of those services, such as
 telecommunications providers, Internet service providers and
 consumer electronics companies, among others. In addition,
 future advances in technology, as well as changes in the
 marketplace, in the economy and in the regulatory and
 legislative environments, may result in changes to the
 competitive landscape. TWC cannot predict the extent to which
 competition will affect its future business and financial
 results or return on capital expenditures.

 Significant unanticipated increases in the use of
 bandwidth-intensive Internet-based services could negatively
 impact customer demand for TWC’s video services and
 increase TWC’s costs.
 The rising popularity of
 bandwidth-intensive Internet-based services poses special risks
 for TWC’s video and high-speed data businesses. Examples of
 such services include peer-to-peer file sharing services, gaming
 services and the delivery of video via streaming technology and
 by download. Increasingly, content owners are delivering content
 directly to consumers over the Internet, often without charging
 a fee for access to the content. The increasing availability of
 free content over the Internet could negatively impact customer
 demand for TWC’s video services, especially premium and
 On-Demand services, and could result in content owners seeking
 higher license fees from TWC in order to subsidize such free
 distribution. In addition, if heavy usage of bandwidth-intensive
 services grows beyond TWC’s current expectations, TWC may
 need to invest more capital than currently anticipated to expand
 the bandwidth capacity of its systems or TWC’s customers
 may have a suboptimal experience when using TWC’s
 high-speed data service. Also, in order to continue to provide
 quality service at attractive prices, TWC needs the continued
 flexibility to develop and refine business models that respond
 to changing consumer uses and demands and manage bandwidth usage
 efficiently. TWC’s ability to do these things could be
 restricted by legislative efforts to impose so-called “net
 neutrality” requirements on cable operators.

 TWC’s business is subject to extensive governmental
 regulation, which could adversely affect its
 business.
 TWC’s video and voice services are
 subject to extensive regulation at the federal, state, and local
 levels. In addition, the federal government has extended some
 regulation to high-speed data service and is considering
 additional regulations. TWC is also subject to regulation of its
 video services relating to rates, equipment, technologies,
 programming levels and types of services, taxes and other
 charges. Modification to existing regulations or the imposition
 of new regulations could have an adverse impact on TWC’s
 services. If the United States Congress (“Congress”)
 or regulators were to disallow the use of certain technologies
 TWC uses today or to mandate the implementation of other
 technologies, TWC’s services and results of operations
 could suffer. TWC expects that legislative enactments, court
 actions, and regulatory proceedings will continue to clarify and
 in some cases change the rights of cable companies and other
 entities providing video, high-speed data and voice services
 under the

 44

Table of Contents

 Communications Act and other laws, possibly in ways that TWC has
 not foreseen. The results of these legislative, judicial, and
 administrative actions may materially affect TWC’s business
 operations in various areas, including:

 •    

 Carriage Regulations.  The FCC’s “must
 carry” rules require TWC to carry some local broadcast
 television signals on some of its cable systems that it might
 not otherwise carry. If the FCC seeks to revise or expand the
 “must carry” rules, such as to require carriage of
 multicast streams, TWC would be forced to carry video
 programming that it would not otherwise carry and potentially to
 drop other, more popular programming in order to free capacity
 for the required programming, which could make TWC less
 competitive. The FCC’s “program carriage” rules
 restrict cable operators and MVPDs from unreasonably restraining
 the ability of an unaffiliated programming vendor to compete
 fairly by discriminating against the programming vendor on the
 basis of its non-affiliation in the selection, terms or
 conditions for carriage. The FCC has launched a proceeding to
 examine its substantive and procedural rules for program
 carriage. TWC is unable to predict whether such proceeding will
 lead to any material changes in existing regulations. Any change
 in the existing carriage regulations or successful program
 carriage complaints could restrict TWC’s ability to select
 programming that is attractive to its subscribers.

 •    

 Voice Services.  Traditional providers of voice
 services generally are subject to significant regulations. It is
 unclear to what extent those regulations (or other regulations)
 apply to providers of interconnected Voice over IP
 (“VoIP”) services, including TWC’s. In orders
 over the past several years, the FCC subjected interconnected
 VoIP service providers to a number of obligations applicable to
 traditional voice service. To the extent that the FCC (or
 Congress) imposes additional burdens on such providers,
 TWC’s operations could be adversely affected.

 “Net neutrality” legislation or regulation could
 limit TWC’s ability to operate its high-speed data business
 profitably and manage its broadband facilities efficiently to
 respond to growing bandwidth usage by its high-speed data
 customers.
 Several disparate groups have adopted
 the term “net neutrality” in connection with their
 efforts to persuade Congress and regulators to adopt rules that
 could limit the ability of broadband providers to effectively
 manage or operate their broadband networks. Proponents of
 “net neutrality” advocate a variety of regulations,
 including regulations that prohibit broadband providers from
 recovering the costs of rising bandwidth usage from any parties
 other than retail customers, require absolute nondiscrimination
 for any Internet traffic and require forms of “open
 access.” The average bandwidth usage of TWC’s
 high-speed data customers has been increasing significantly in
 recent years as the amount of high-bandwidth content and the
 number of applications available on the Internet continue to
 grow. In order to continue to provide quality service at
 attractive prices, TWC needs the continued flexibility to
 develop and refine business models that respond to changing
 consumer uses and demands and to manage bandwidth usage
 efficiently. As a result, depending on the form it might take,
 “net neutrality” legislation or regulation could
 adversely impact TWC’s ability to operate its high-speed
 data network profitably and undertake the upgrades that may be
 needed to continue to provide high quality high-speed data
 services and could negatively impact its ability to compete
 effectively.

 If TWC is prohibited by regulation from using SDV
 technology, it may be forced to make costly upgrades to its
 system in order to remain competitive.
 As of
 December 31, 2008, TWC had deployed switched digital video,
 or SDV, technology to approximately 5.2 million digital
 video subscribers. SDV technology allows TWC to save bandwidth
 by transmitting particular programming services only to groups
 of homes or nodes where subscribers are viewing the programming
 at a particular time rather than broadcasting it to all
 subscriber homes. The FCC may interpret existing regulation or
 introduce new regulation to restrict cable operators’
 ability to use SDV technology. If TWC is prohibited by
 regulation from using SDV technology, TWC may have difficulty
 carrying the volume of HDTV channels and other
 bandwidth-intensive traffic carried by competitors and may be
 forced to make costly upgrades to its systems in order to remain
 competitive.

 Increases in programming or retransmission costs or an
 inability to obtain popular programming could adversely affect
 TWC’s operations, business or financial
 results.
 Video programming costs represent a major
 component of TWC’s expenses and are expected to continue to
 increase, primarily due to the increasing cost of obtaining
 desirable programming, particularly broadcast and sports
 programming. TWC’s video service margins have declined in
 recent years and will continue to decline over the next few
 years as cable programming and broadcast station retransmission
 consent cost increases outpace growth in video revenues.
 Furthermore, providers of desirable content may be unwilling to
 enter into distribution arrangements with TWC on acceptable
 terms. In

 45

Table of Contents

 addition, owners of non-broadcast video programming content may
 enter into exclusive distribution arrangements with TWC’s
 competitors. A failure to carry programming that is attractive
 to TWC’s subscribers could adversely impact TWC’s
 subscription and advertising revenues.

 TWC may encounter unforeseen difficulties as it increases
 the scale of its offerings to commercial
 customers.
 TWC has sold video, high-speed data and
 network and transport services to businesses for some time and
 in 2007 introduced an

IP-based
 telephony service, Business Class Phone, geared to small-
 and medium-sized businesses. In order to provide its commercial
 customers with reliable services, TWC may need to increase
 expenditures, including spending on technology, equipment and
 personnel. If the services are not sufficiently reliable or TWC
 otherwise fails to meet commercial customers’ expectations,
 the growth of its commercial services business may be limited.
 In addition, TWC faces competition from the existing local
 telephone companies as well as from a variety of other national
 and regional business services competitors. If TWC is unable to
 successfully attract and retain commercial customers, its
 growth, financial condition and results of operations may be
 adversely affected.

 RISKS
 RELATING TO BOTH THE TIME WARNER
 NETWORKS AND FILMED ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESSES

 The Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments must
 respond to recent and future changes in technology, services and
 standards and changes in consumer behavior to remain competitive
 and continue to increase their revenue.
 Technology
 in the video, telecommunications and data services used in the
 entertainment industry continues to evolve rapidly, and advances
 in technology, such as

video-on-demand,
 new video formats and distribution via the Internet and cellular
 networks, have led to alternative methods of product delivery
 and storage. Certain changes in consumer behavior driven by
 these methods of delivery and storage could have a negative
 effect on the revenue of the Networks and Filmed Entertainment
 segments. For example, devices that allow users to view
 television programs or motion pictures from a remote location or
 to stream or download such programming from third parties may
 cause changes in consumer behavior that could negatively affect
 the subscription revenue of cable system and direct broadcast
 satellite, or DBS, operators and telephone companies and
 therefore have a corresponding negative effect on the
 subscription revenue generated by the Networks segment and the
 licensing revenue generated by the Networks and Filmed
 Entertainment segments. Also, content owners are increasingly
 delivering their content directly to consumers over the
 Internet, often without charge, and consumer electronics
 innovations have enabled consumers to watch such
 Internet-delivered content on television sets, which could have
 a similar negative effect on the segments’ revenue. In
 addition, devices such as digital video recorders, or DVRs, that
 enable users to view television programs or motion pictures on a
 time-delayed basis or allow them to fast-forward or skip
 advertisements or network-based deployments of DVR-like
 technology may cause changes in consumer behavior that could
 adversely affect the advertising revenue of the
 advertising-supported networks in the Networks segment and have
 an indirect negative impact on the licensing revenue generated
 by the Filmed Entertainment segment and the revenue generated by
 Home Box Office from the licensing of its original programming
 in syndication and to basic cable networks. In addition, further
 increased use of portable digital devices that allow users to
 view content of their own choice, at a time of their choice,
 while avoiding traditional commercial advertisements, could
 adversely affect such advertising and licensing revenue. The
 Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments must continue to
 adapt their content to changing viewership habits in order to
 remain competitive. If they cannot adapt to the changing
 lifestyles and preferences of consumers and capitalize on
 technological advances with favorable business models, it could
 have a negative impact on their businesses.

 Technological developments also pose other challenges for the
 Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments that could adversely
 impact their revenue and competitive position. For example, the
 Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments may not have the
 right, and may not be able to secure the right, to distribute
 their licensed content across new delivery platforms that are
 developed. In addition, technological developments that enable
 third-party owners of programming to bypass traditional content
 aggregators, such as the Turner networks and Home Box Office,
 and deal directly with cable system and other content
 distributors could place limitations on the ability of the
 segments to distribute their content that could have an adverse
 impact on their revenue. Cable system and DBS operators are
 developing new techniques that enable them to transmit more
 channels on their existing equipment to highly targeted
 audiences, reducing the cost of creating channels and
 potentially furthering the development of

 46

Table of Contents

 more specialized niche audiences. A greater number of options
 increases competition for viewers, and competitors targeting
 programming to narrowly defined audiences may improve their
 competitive position compared to the Networks and Filmed
 Entertainment segments for television advertising and for
 subscription and licensing revenue. In addition, traditional
 audience measures have evolved with emerging technologies that
 can measure viewing audiences with improved sensitivity, which
 has resulted in changes to the basis for pricing and
 guaranteeing the advertising contracts of the
 advertising-supported networks in the Networks segment. There
 may be future technical and marketplace developments that will
 result in new audience measurements that may be used as the
 basis for the pricing and guaranteeing of such advertising. Any
 significant decrease in measured audiences for advertising on
 the advertising-supported networks in the Networks segment could
 have a significant negative impact on the advertising revenue of
 such networks and the licensing revenue generated by the Filmed
 Entertainment segment as well as the revenue generated by Home
 Box Office from the licensing of its original programming in
 syndication and to basic cable networks. The ability to
 anticipate and adapt to changes in technology and consumer
 preferences on a timely basis and exploit new sources of revenue
 from these changes will affect the ability of the Networks and
 Filmed Entertainment segments to continue to grow and increase
 their revenue.

 The Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments operate in
 highly competitive industries.
 The Company’s
 Networks and Filmed Entertainment businesses generate revenue
 primarily through the production and distribution of feature
 films, television programming, home video products and
 interactive videogames, licensing fees, the sale of advertising
 and subscriber fees paid by affiliates. Competition faced by the
 businesses within these segments is intense and comes from many
 different sources. The ability of the Company’s Networks
 and Filmed Entertainment segments to compete successfully
 depends on many factors, including their ability to provide
 high-quality and popular entertainment product, adapt to new
 technologies and distribution platforms and achieve widespread
 distribution. There has been consolidation in the media
 industry, and the Company’s Networks and Filmed
 Entertainment segments’ competitors include industry
 participants with interests in other multiple media businesses
 that are often vertically integrated. Such vertical integration
 could have various negative effects on the competitive position
 of the Company’s Networks and Filmed Entertainment
 segments. For example, vertical integration of other television
 networks and television and film production companies could
 adversely impact the Networks segment if it hinders the ability
 of the Networks segment to obtain programming for its networks.
 In addition, if purchasers of programming increasingly purchase
 their programming from production companies with which they are
 affiliated, such vertical integration could have a negative
 effect on the Filmed Entertainment segment’s licensing
 revenue and the revenue generated by Home Box Office from the
 licensing of its original programming in syndication and to
 basic cable networks. There can be no assurance that the
 Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments will be able to
 compete successfully in the future against existing or potential
 competitors or that competition will not have an adverse effect
 on their businesses or results of operations.

 Although piracy poses risks to several of Time
 Warner’s businesses, such risks are especially significant
 for the Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments due to the
 prevalence of piracy of feature films, television programming
 and interactive videogames.
 See “Risks
 Relating to Time Warner Generally — Piracy of the
 Company’s feature films, television programming and other
 content may decrease the revenues received from the exploitation
 of the Company’s entertainment content and adversely affect
 its business and profitability.”

 The Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments are subject
 to labor interruption.
 The Networks and Filmed
 Entertainment segments and certain of their suppliers retain the
 services of writers, directors, actors, technicians, trade
 employees and others involved in the development and production
 of motion pictures and television programs who are covered by
 collective bargaining agreements. If the segments and their
 suppliers are unable to renew expiring collective bargaining
 agreements, it is possible that the affected unions could take
 actions in the form of strikes, work slowdowns or work
 stoppages. Such actions would cause delays in the production or
 the release dates of the segments’ feature films and
 television programs, as well as result in higher costs either
 from such actions or less favorable terms of the applicable
 agreements on renewal. Even if the affected unions do not take
 such actions, the inability to renew expiring agreements and the
 possibility that a strike, work slowdown or work stoppage may
 occur could cause delays in the production or release dates of
 films and television programs. As of February 19, 2009, The
 Screen Actors Guild (“SAG”), which covers performers
 in feature films and filmed television programs, and the
 producers of such content had not reached an agreement on
 contracts that expired on June 30, 2008. Productions have
 been delayed to avoid costly shutdowns due to the potential of a
 SAG strike, and, if

 47

Table of Contents

 an agreement is not reached or SAG goes on strike, it will cause
 further delays in production and consequently the release dates
 of the segments’ feature films and television programs, as
 well as higher costs resulting either from such actions or less
 favorable terms contained in the applicable agreements on
 renewal. The agreements between the producers and the American
 Federation of Musicians (the “AFM”) expire on
 February 25, 2009, and the status of negotiations with SAG
 could adversely affect negotiations with the AFM.

 The popularity of the Company’s television programs,
 films and interactive videogames and other factors are difficult
 to predict and could lead to fluctuations in the revenue of the
 Networks and Filmed Entertainment
 segments.
 Television program, film and interactive
 videogame production and distribution are inherently risky
 businesses largely because the revenue derived from the
 production and distribution of a television program, motion
 picture or videogame, as well as the licensing of rights to the
 intellectual property associated with a program, film or
 videogame, depends primarily on its acceptance by the public,
 which is difficult to predict. The commercial success of a
 television program, feature film or interactive videogame also
 depends on the quality and acceptance of other competing
 programs, films and videogames released at or near the same
 time, the availability of alternate forms of entertainment and
 leisure time activities, general economic conditions and other
 tangible and intangible factors, many of which are difficult to
 predict. In the case of the Turner networks, audience sizes are
 also factors that are weighed when determining their advertising
 rates. Poor ratings in targeted demographics can lead to a
 reduction in pricing and advertiser demand. Further, the
 theatrical success of a motion picture may affect revenue from
 other distribution channels, such as home entertainment and pay
 television programming services, and sales of interactive
 videogames and licensed consumer products. Therefore, low public
 acceptance of the television programs, feature films or
 interactive videogames of the Networks and Filmed Entertainment
 segments may adversely affect their respective results of
 operations.

 RISKS
 RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S FILMED ENTERTAINMENT
 BUSINESS

 DVD sales have been declining, which may adversely affect
 the Filmed Entertainment segment’s growth prospects and
 results of operations.
 Several factors, including
 weakening economic conditions, the deteriorating financial
 condition of major retailers, the maturation of the DVD format,
 increasing competition for consumer discretionary spending and
 leisure time, piracy and increased competition for retailer
 shelf space, are contributing to an industry-wide decline in DVD
 sales both domestically and internationally. The high definition
 format war between the HD DVD and Blu-ray formats ended in
 February 2008 with Toshiba Corporation’s announcement of
 its decision to discontinue its HD DVD businesses; however,
 reduced consumer discretionary spending in a challenging
 economic environment, may slow widespread adoption of the
 Blu-ray format or lead consumers to forego adopting a high
 definition DVD format altogether, which would adversely affect
 DVD sales. DVD sales also may be negatively affected as
 consumers increasingly shift from consuming physical
 entertainment products to digital forms of entertainment. The
 filmed entertainment industry faces a challenge in managing the
 transition from physical to electronic formats in a manner that
 continues to support the current DVD business and its
 relationships with large retail customers and yet meets the
 growing consumer demand for delivery of filmed entertainment in
 a variety of electronic formats. There can be no assurance that
 home video wholesale prices can be maintained at current levels,
 due to aggressive retail pricing, digital competition and other
 factors. In addition, in the event of a protracted economic
 downturn, reduced consumer discretionary spending could lead to
 further declines in DVD sales. A continuing decline in DVD sales
 could have an adverse impact on the segment’s growth
 prospects and results of operations.

 The Filmed Entertainment segment’s strategy includes
 the release of a limited number of “event” films each
 year, and the underperformance of one or more of these films
 could have an adverse effect on the Filmed Entertainment
 segment’s results of operations and financial
 condition.
 The Filmed Entertainment segment expects
 to theatrically release a limited number of feature films each
 year that are expected to be “event” or
 “tent-pole” films and that generally have higher
 production and marketing costs than the other films released
 during the year. The underperformance of one of these films can
 have an adverse impact on the segment’s results of
 operations in both the year of release and in the future.
 Historically, there has been a correlation between domestic box
 office success and international box office success, as well as
 a correlation between box office success and success in the
 subsequent distribution channels of home video and television.
 If the segment’s films fail to achieve box office

 48

Table of Contents

 success, the results of operations and financial condition of
 the Filmed Entertainment segment could be adversely affected.
 Further, there can be no assurance that these historical
 correlations will continue in the future.

 A decrease in demand for television product could
 adversely affect Warner Bros.’
 revenues.
 Warner Bros. is a leading supplier of
 television programming. If there is a decrease in the demand for
 Warner Bros.’ television product, it could lead to the
 launch of fewer new television series and a reduction in the
 number of original programs ordered by the networks and the
 per-episode license fees generated by Warner Bros. in the near
 term. In addition, such a decrease in demand could lead to a
 reduction in syndication revenues in the future. Various factors
 may increase the risk of such a decrease in demand, including
 station group consolidation and vertical integration between
 station groups and broadcast networks, as well as the vertical
 integration between television production studios and broadcast
 networks, which can increase the networks’ reliance on
 their in-house or affiliated studios. In addition, the failure
 of ratings for the programming to meet expectations and the
 shift of viewers and advertisers away from network television to
 other entertainment and information outlets could adversely
 affect the amount of original programming ordered by networks
 and the amount they are willing to pay for such programming.
 Local television stations may face loss of viewership and an
 accompanying loss of advertising revenue as viewers move to
 other entertainment outlets, which may negatively impact the
 segment’s ability to obtain the per-episode license fees in
 syndication that it has received in the past. Finally, the
 increasing popularity of local television content in
 international markets also could result in decreased demand,
 fewer available broadcast slots, and lower licensing and
 syndication revenue for U.S. television content.

 The costs of producing and marketing feature films have
 increased and may increase in the future, which may make it more
 difficult for a film to generate a profit.
 The
 production and marketing of feature films require substantial
 capital, and the costs of producing and marketing feature films
 have generally increased in recent years. These costs may
 continue to increase in the future, which may make it more
 difficult for the segment’s films to generate a profit. As
 production and marketing costs increase, it creates a greater
 need to generate revenue internationally or from other media,
 such as home video, television and new media.

 Changes in estimates of future revenues from feature films
 could result in the write-off or the acceleration of the
 amortization of film production costs.
 The Filmed
 Entertainment segment is required to amortize capitalized film
 production costs over the expected revenue streams as it
 recognizes revenue from the associated films. The amount of film
 production costs that will be amortized each quarter depends on
 how much future revenue the segment expects to receive from each
 film. Unamortized film production costs are evaluated for
 impairment each reporting period on a

film-by-film
 basis. If estimated remaining revenue is not sufficient to
 recover the unamortized film production costs plus expected but
 unincurred marketing costs, the unamortized film production
 costs will be written down to fair value. In any given quarter,
 if the segment lowers its forecast with respect to total
 anticipated revenue from any individual feature film, it would
 be required to accelerate amortization of related film costs.
 Such a write-down or accelerated amortization could adversely
 impact the operating results of the Filmed Entertainment segment.

 RISKS
 RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S NETWORKS BUSINESS

 The loss of affiliation agreements could cause the revenue
 of the Networks segment to decline in any given period, and
 further consolidation of multichannel video programming
 distributors could adversely affect the
 segment.
 The Networks segment depends on
 affiliation agreements with cable system and DBS operators and
 telephone companies for the distribution of its networks and
 services, and there can be no assurance that these affiliation
 agreements will be renewed in the future on terms that are
 acceptable to the Networks segment. The renewal of such
 agreements on less favorable terms may adversely affect the
 segment’s results of operations. In addition, the loss of
 any one of these arrangements representing a significant number
 of subscribers or the loss of carriage on the most widely
 penetrated programming tiers could reduce the distribution of
 the segment’s programming, which may adversely affect its
 advertising and subscription revenue. The loss of favorable
 packaging, positioning, pricing or other marketing opportunities
 with any distributor of the segment’s networks also could
 reduce subscription revenue. In addition, further consolidation
 among cable system and DBS operators has provided greater
 negotiating power to such distributors, and increased vertical
 integration of such distributors

 49

Table of Contents

 could adversely affect the segment’s ability to maintain or
 obtain distribution
 and/or
 marketing for its networks and services on commercially
 reasonable terms, or at all.

 The inability of the Networks segment to license rights to
 popular programming or create popular original programming could
 adversely affect the segment’s revenue.
 The
 Networks segment obtains a significant portion of its popular
 programming from third parties. For example, some of
 Turner’s most widely viewed programming, including sports
 programming, is made available based on programming rights of
 varying durations that it has negotiated with third parties.
 Competition for popular programming licensed from third parties
 is intense, and the businesses in the segment may be outbid by
 their competitors for the rights to new popular programming or
 in connection with the renewal of popular programming they
 currently license. In addition, renewal costs could
 substantially exceed the existing contract costs. Alternatively,
 third parties from which the segment obtains programming, such
 as professional sports teams or leagues, may create their own
 networks.

 The operating results of the Networks segment also fluctuate
 with the popularity of its programming with the public, which is
 difficult to predict. Revenue from the segment’s businesses
 is therefore partially dependent on the segment’s ability
 to develop strong brand awareness and target key audience
 demographics, as well as its ability to continue to anticipate
 and adapt to changes in consumer tastes and behavior on a timely
 basis. Moreover, the Networks segment derives a portion of its
 revenue from the exploitation of the Company’s library of
 feature films, animated titles and television titles. If the
 content of the Company’s programming libraries ceases to be
 of interest to audiences or is not continuously replenished with
 popular original content, the revenue of the Networks segment
 could be adversely affected.

 Increases in the costs of programming licenses and other
 significant costs may adversely affect the gross margins of the
 Networks segment.
 As described above, the Networks
 segment licenses a significant amount of its programming, such
 as motion pictures, television series, and sports events, from
 movie studios, television production companies and sports
 organizations. For example, the Turner networks have obtained
 the rights to produce and broadcast significant sports events,
 such as the NBA play-offs, the Major League Baseball play-offs
 and a series of NASCAR races. If the level of demand for quality
 content exceeds the amount of quality content available, the
 networks may have to pay significantly higher licensing costs,
 which in turn will exert greater pressure on the segment to
 offset such increased costs with higher advertising

and/or
 subscription revenue. There can be no assurance that the
 Networks segment will be able to renew existing or enter into
 additional license agreements for its programming and, if so, if
 it will be able to do so on terms that are similar to existing
 terms. There also can be no assurance that it will be able to
 obtain the rights to distribute the content it licenses over new
 distribution platforms on acceptable terms. If it is unable to
 obtain such extensions, renewals or agreements on acceptable
 terms, the gross margins of the Networks segment may be
 adversely affected.

 The Networks segment also produces programming, and it incurs
 costs for new programming concepts and various types of creative
 talent, including actors, writers and producers. The segment
 incurs additional significant costs, such as newsgathering and
 marketing costs. Unless they are offset by increased revenue,
 increases in the costs of creative talent or in production,
 newsgathering or marketing costs may lead to decreased profits
 at the Networks segment.

 The maturity of the U.S. video services business,
 together with rising retail rates, distributors’ focus on
 selling alternative products and other factors, could adversely
 affect the future revenue growth of the Networks
 segment.
 The U.S. video services business
 generally is a mature business, which may have a negative impact
 on the ability of the Networks segment to achieve incremental
 growth in its advertising and subscription revenues. In
 addition, programming distributors may increase their resistance
 to wholesale programming price increases, and programming
 distributors are increasingly focused on selling services other
 than video, such as high-speed data and voice services. Also,
 consumers’ basic video service rates have continued to
 increase, which could cause consumers to cancel their video
 service subscriptions or reduce the number of services they
 subscribe to, and the risk of this occurring may be greater
 during economic slowdowns. The inability of the Networks segment
 to implement measures to maintain future revenue growth may
 adversely affect its business.

 Changes in U.S. or foreign communications laws or
 other regulations may have an adverse effect on the business of
 the Networks segment.
 The multichannel video
 programming and distribution industries in the
 United States, as well as cable networks, are regulated by
 U.S. federal laws and regulations issued and administered

 50

Table of Contents

 by various federal agencies, including the FCC. The
 U.S. Congress and the FCC currently are considering, and
 may in the future adopt, new laws, regulations and policies
 regarding a wide variety of matters that could, directly or
 indirectly, affect the operations of the Networks segment.

 For example, there has been consideration of the extension of
 indecency rules applicable to over-the-air broadcasters to cable
 and satellite programming and stricter enforcement of existing
 laws and rules. If such an extension or attempt to increase
 enforcement occurred and were upheld, the content of the
 Networks segment could be subject to additional regulation,
 which could increase the segment’s operating costs and
 negatively affect subscriber and viewership levels. Moreover,
 the determination of whether content is indecent is inherently
 subjective and, as such, it can be difficult to predict whether
 particular content would violate indecency standards. The
 difficulty in predicting whether individual programs, words or
 phrases may violate the FCC’s indecency rules adds
 uncertainty to the ability of the Networks segment to comply
 with the rules. Violation of the indecency rules could lead to
 sanctions that may adversely affect the businesses and results
 of operations of the Networks segment. Policymakers have also
 raised concerns about violence in television programming, as
 well as the potential impact on childhood obesity rates of food
 and beverage advertising during children’s television
 programming. The Networks segment is unable to predict whether
 any new or revised regulations will result from these various
 activities.

 In June 2008, the FCC initiated a proceeding to examine the use
 of product placement and integration in television programming.
 The FCC has sought comment on whether to enhance its existing
 sponsorship identification disclosure rules, extend such rules
 to cable networks and expressly prohibit the use of paid product
 placement or integration in children’s television
 programming. Extension of the sponsorship identification
 disclosure rules, particularly enhanced rules, to the Networks
 segment could impose additional costs on the segment and inhibit
 its flexibility in using paid product placement or integration
 in connection with certain types of programming content. The
 Networks segment is unable to predict whether any new or revised
 regulations will result from this proceeding.

 Policymakers have also expressed interest in exploring whether
 cable operators should offer “à la carte”
 programming to subscribers on a
 network-by-network
 basis or provide “family-friendly” tiers, and a number
 of cable operators, including TWC, have voluntarily agreed to
 offer family tiers. The FCC also is examining the manner in
 which some programming distributors package or bundle services
 sold to distributors; the same conduct is at issue in
 industry-wide antitrust litigation pending in Federal court in
 Los Angeles, in which the plaintiffs seek to prohibit wholesale
 bundling practices prospectively. The unbundling or tiering of
 program services may reduce the distribution of certain cable
 networks, thereby creating the risk of reduced viewership and
 increased marketing expenses, and may affect the segment’s
 ability to compete for or attract the same level of advertising
 dollars.

 Declining DVD sales poses risks to the Networks
 segment.
 The Networks segment generates a portion
 of its revenues through the sale of its content on DVDs, and a
 continuing decline in DVD sales could have a negative impact on
 the segment’s growth prospects and results of operations.
 See “Risks Relating to Time Warner’s Filmed
 Entertainment Business – DVD sales have been
 declining, which may adversely affect the Filmed Entertainment
 segment’s growth prospects and results of operations.”

 RISKS
 RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S PUBLISHING BUSINESS

 Although weakening economic conditions pose risks to
 several of the Company’s businesses, such risks are
 particularly significant for the Company’s Publishing
 segment because a substantial portion of the segment’s
 revenue is derived from the sale of print and digital
 advertising, both of which have been negatively affected by such
 conditions.
 See “Risks Relating to Time Warner
 Generally — Weakening economic conditions or other
 factors could continue to reduce the Company’s advertising
 or other revenues or hinder its ability to increase such
 revenues.” Poor economic conditions have had a negative
 impact on print advertising spending, and this spending may not
 rebound when economic conditions improve or it may take several
 years for such a rebound to occur. The industry-wide slowdown in
 digital display advertising expenditures could continue to
 adversely affect the segment’s ability to increase digital
 advertising revenues. In addition, weakening economic conditions
 could reduce consumer expenditures, which could adversely affect
 the Publishing segment’s subscription revenues.

 51

Table of Contents

 The Publishing segment could face increased costs and
 business disruption resulting from instability in the wholesaler
 distribution channel.
 The Publishing segment
 operates a national distribution business that relies on
 wholesalers to distribute its magazines to newsstands and other
 retail outlets. A small number of wholesalers are responsible
 for a substantial percentage of the wholesale magazine
 distribution business in the U.S. Recently, there has been
 significantly increased instability in the wholesaler channel
 that has led to one major wholesaler leaving the business and to
 certain disruptions to magazine distribution. There is the
 possibility of further consolidation among these major
 wholesalers and insolvency of or non-payment by one or more of
 these wholesalers, especially in light of the economic climate
 and its impact on retailers. Distribution channel disruptions
 can temporarily impede the Publishing segment’s ability to
 distribute magazines to the retail marketplace, which could,
 among other things, negatively affect the ability of certain
 magazines to meet the rate base established with advertisers.
 Continued disruption in the wholesaler channel, an increase in
 wholesaler costs or the failure of wholesalers to pay amounts
 due could adversely affect the Publishing segment’s
 operating income or cash flow.

 Although the shift in consumer habits
 and/or
 advertising expenditures from traditional to online media poses
 risks to several of the Company’s businesses, such risks
 are particularly significant for the Company’s Publishing
 segment because a substantial portion of the segment’s
 revenue is derived from the sale of
 advertising.

 See “Risks Relating to Time
 Warner Generally — The introduction and increased
 popularity of alternative technologies for the distribution of
 news, entertainment and other information and the resulting
 shift in consumer habits

and/or
 advertising expenditures from traditional to online media could
 adversely affect the revenues of the Company’s Publishing,
 Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments.”

 The Publishing segment faces significant competition for
 advertising and audience.
 The Publishing segment
 faces significant competition from several direct competitors
 and other media, including the Internet. Additional competitors
 may enter the website publishing business and further intensify
 competition, which could have an adverse impact on the
 segment’s revenue. Competition for print advertising
 expenditures has intensified in recent years as advertising
 spending has increasingly shifted from traditional to digital
 media, and this competition has intensified even further due to
 difficult economic conditions. There can be no assurance that
 the Publishing segment will be able to compete successfully in
 the future against existing or potential competitors or that
 competition will not have an adverse effect on its business or
 results of operations.

 The Publishing segment faces risks relating to various
 regulatory and legislative matters, including possible changes
 in Audit Bureau of Circulations rules and possible changes in
 legislation or regulation of direct marketing.
 The
 Publishing segment’s magazine subscription and direct
 marketing activities are subject to regulation by the FTC and
 the states under general consumer protection statutes
 prohibiting unfair or deceptive acts or practices. Certain areas
 of marketing activity are also subject to specific federal
 statutes and rules, such as the Telephone Consumer Protection
 Act, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, the
 Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (relating to financial privacy), and the
 FTC Mail or Telephone Order Merchandise Rule. Other statutes and
 rules also regulate conduct in areas such as privacy, data
 security, product safety and telemarketing. New statutes and
 regulations are adopted frequently. A number of states have
 recently proposed “Do Not Mail” legislation, similar
 to Federal “Do Not Call” legislation, which would
 allow consumers to register their names on a list and not
 receive direct mail. If such bills are passed, the potential
 impact on Time Inc.’s circulation and other business
 conducted via direct mail could be significant. In addition, the
 Publishing segment’s magazine subscription activities are
 subject to the rules of the Audit Bureau of Circulations. New
 rules, as well as new interpretations of existing rules, are
 periodically adopted by the Audit Bureau of Circulations and
 could lead to changes in the segment’s magazine circulation
 practices that could have a negative effect on the
 segment’s ability to generate new magazine subscriptions,
 meet rate bases and support advertising sales.