.

RISKS RELATING TO TIME WARNER GENERALLY 

The Company
must respond to recent and future changes in technology and consumer behavior to remain competitive and continue to increase its revenues.
  Technology, particularly digital technology used in the entertainment and media industry,
continues to evolve rapidly, and advances in that technology have led to alternative methods for the distribution, storage and consumption of digital content. These technological developments have driven and reinforced changes in consumer behavior
as consumers seek more control over when, where and how they consume digital content. For example, consumer electronics innovations have enabled consumers to view Internet-delivered content, including films, television programming and magazines, on
televisions, computers, tablets, smartphones and other portable electronic devices. These changes in technology and consumer behavior have resulted in a number of challenges and risks for the Company and other content owners and aggregators. For
example, technological developments may disrupt traditional distribution platforms by enabling content owners to provide content directly to distributors and consumers, thus bypassing traditional network aggregators such as the Company’s
networks. In addition, the availability of content on multiple 

20 

Table of Contents

platforms may reduce the value or shorten the lifespan of that content on traditional distribution platforms, including in subsequent distribution windows. The Company’s failure to protect
the value of its content while adapting to emerging technologies and changes in consumer behavior could have a significant adverse effect on the Company’s businesses and results of operations. 

Technological developments also pose other challenges for the Company’s business segments that could adversely affect
its revenues and competitive position. For example, new delivery platforms could lead to the loss of distribution control and direct relationships with consumers for the Publishing segment if distribution on a delivery platform is controlled by a
limited number of companies. Furthermore, new technology or business initiatives supported by the Company may not be embraced by consumers, advertisers or others in the media and entertainment industry, and therefore may not develop into profitable
business models, which could have a significant adverse effect on the Company’s competitive position and its businesses and results of operations. 

The Company faces risks relating to increasing competition for the leisure and entertainment time and discretionary spending of consumers, which has intensified in part due to technological
developments and changes in consumer behavior.  
The Company’s businesses compete with each other and all other sources of entertainment, news and other information, including television, premium pay television services, films,
the Internet, home video products, videogames, social networking sites, sports, print media, live events and radio broadcasts, for consumers’ leisure and entertainment time and discretionary spending. Technological developments, such as tablets
and other portable electronic devices, video-on-demand, new video formats and Internet-delivered content, have increased the number of media and entertainment choices available to consumers and intensified the challenges posed by audience
fragmentation. The increasing number of leisure and entertainment choices available to consumers, including low-cost or free choices, new technologies that allow consumers to make and store digital copies of programming and the increasing
availability of programming online, could negatively affect consumer demand for the Company’s content, products and services, the prices content aggregators are willing to pay to license the Company’s content and advertising rates and
demand, which could reduce the Company’s revenues and could also result in the Company incurring additional marketing expenses. 

The popularity of the Company’s content is difficult to predict, can change rapidly and could lead to fluctuations in the Company’s revenues, and low public acceptance of the
Company’s content may adversely affect its results of operations.  
The production and distribution of films, television programming, videogames, magazines and other content are inherently risky businesses, largely because the
revenues derived from the production, distribution and sale or licensing of such content depend primarily on public acceptance, which is difficult to predict. In addition, the Company must invest substantial amounts in the production of feature
films, programming for its networks and premium pay television services and the development of videogames before it learns whether these films, programs and products will reach anticipated levels of popularity with consumers. With the theatrical
release of the final Harry Potter film in 2011, the Filmed Entertainment segment also faces increasing pressure to develop successful new franchises or build on existing brands by leveraging existing intellectual property, including through the
development of sequels. As more television networks and premium pay television services produce and acquire more original programming, the businesses in the Networks segment face increasing pressure to produce and acquire more compelling programming
and to optimize their mix of acquired, original and sports programming. 

The popularity of the Company’s
content depends on many factors, only some of which are within the Company’s control. Examples include the quality and public acceptance of competing content (including locally produced content) available or released at or near the same time,
the availability of alternative forms of leisure and entertainment time activities, the adequacy of efforts to combat piracy, the Company’s ability to maintain or develop strong brand awareness and target key audience demographics, the number
and success of third-party retail promotional partnerships, and the Company’s ability to anticipate and adapt to changes in consumer tastes and behavior on a timely basis. If the Company is not able to create and distribute content that is
popular with consumers and attractive to advertisers and affiliates, the Company’s revenues and its results of operations could be adversely affected. 

21 

Table of Contents

The popularity of the Company’s content is reflected in (1) the
theatrical performance of the Filmed Entertainment segment’s films, (2) the ratings for the television programming produced by the Filmed Entertainment segment and the Networks segment’s syndicated, licensed, original and sports
programming, (3) sales of the Filmed Entertainment and Networks segments’ home video releases and the Filmed Entertainment segment’s videogames, (4) the number of subscribers to the Networks segment’s premium pay television
services, (5) the Publishing segment’s magazine circulation and (6) the number of unique visitors to the Company’s websites. The underperformance of a film, particularly an “event” film (which typically has high
production and marketing costs) or a film that is part of a franchise, can have an adverse impact on the Company’s results of operations in both the year of release and in the future. Historically, there has been a correlation between a
theatrical film’s domestic box office success and international box office success, as well as a correlation between box office success and success in subsequent distribution channels. Consequently, the underperformance of a film at the box
office may adversely affect revenues from other distribution channels, such as home entertainment and premium pay television services, and sales of videogames and licensed consumer products based on such film. In addition, due to the decline in the
sales of DVDs, the success of a theatrical film is much more dependent on public acceptance at the box office. A decline in the ratings or audience delivery of the television programming produced by the Filmed Entertainment segment or syndicated or
originated by Turner can negatively affect subscription revenues, license fees, syndication results, advertising demand and rates and a network’s distribution potential. For Home Box Office, a decline in the popularity of its television
programming can also negatively affect subscription revenues and content sales as well as the distribution potential of its premium pay television services. For the Publishing segment, a decline in the popularity of its magazines can negatively
affect subscription and advertising revenues. 

The Company’s businesses operate in highly
competitive industries, and the failure to compete successfully may have an adverse effect on the Company’s businesses or results of operations.
  The Company’s businesses face intense competition from many different
sources, including numerous direct competitors and other media, including the Internet and pirated content. Consolidation in the U.S. and international entertainment and media industry has resulted in increased competition for the Company, and
consolidation in the future would further intensify competition. In addition, the Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments’ competitors include industry participants with interests in other multiple media businesses that are vertically
integrated. The ability of the Company’s businesses to compete successfully depends on many factors, including their ability to provide high-quality, popular content, adapt to technological developments, respond to changes in consumer behavior
and achieve widespread distribution, and there can be no assurance that the Company and its businesses will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or potential competitors. 

The Company is exposed to risks associated with weak global economic conditions and increased volatility and
disruption in the financial

markets.
  The Company has been adversely affected by weak global economic conditions in the recent past, and it will be adversely affected in the future if such conditions continue. Factors
that impact global economic conditions include the level of household formation, the rate of unemployment, the level of consumer confidence and changes in consumer spending habits. The Company also faces risks associated with the impact of weak
global economic conditions on third parties, such as advertisers, suppliers, retailers, insurers, theater operators and other parties with which it does business. If these parties file for reorganization under bankruptcy laws or otherwise experience
negative effects on their businesses due to volatile or weak global economic conditions, it could reduce the number of outlets for the Company’s DVD, Blu-ray Disc and magazine products and otherwise negatively affect the Company’s
businesses or operating results. Certain of the Company’s operations are conducted in foreign currencies, and the value of these currencies fluctuates relative to the U.S. dollar. As a result, the Company is exposed to exchange rate
fluctuations, which in the past have had, and in the future could have, an adverse effect on its results of operations in a given period. The foregoing risks could increase significantly if one or more countries in the European Monetary Union stop
recognizing the Euro and instead issue national currencies, if there is a break-up of the European Monetary Union or a departure of one or more countries from the Union. Any such developments in Europe could also adversely affect consumer confidence
and potentially increase the costs of goods and services in some countries, which would adversely affect the Company’s businesses. 

22 

Table of Contents

Increased volatility and disruptions in the financial markets also could
make it more difficult and more expensive for the Company to refinance outstanding indebtedness and obtain financing. In addition, the adoption of new statutes and regulations, the implementation of recently enacted laws or new interpretations or
the enforcement of older laws and regulations applicable to the financial markets or the financial services industry could result in a reduction in the amount of available credit or an increase in the cost of credit. Disruptions in the financial
markets can also adversely affect the Company’s lenders, insurers, customers and counterparties, including vendors, retailers and film co-financing partners. For instance, the inability of the Company’s counterparties to obtain capital on
acceptable terms could impair their ability to perform under their agreements with the Company and lead to various negative effects on the Company, including business disruption, decreased revenues, increases in bad debt expenses and, in the case of
film co-financing partners, greater risk with respect to the performance of the Company’s films. 

A
decline in advertising expenditures or changes in advertising market conditions or other factors that adversely impact advertising could cause the Company’s revenues and operating results to decline
.  The Company derives
substantial revenues from the sale of advertising, and a decrease in advertising expenditures overall or reduced demand for the Company’s offerings could lead to a reduction in the amount of advertising companies are willing to purchase from
the Company and the price at which they purchase it. Expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting general economic conditions, as well as budgeting and buying patterns. If the economic prospects of advertisers worsen or the current
economic conditions persist or worsen, such conditions could alter current or prospective advertisers’ spending priorities. For example, corporate marketing cutbacks due to weak economic conditions could result in upfront advertising purchases
being cancelled. Declines in consumer spending due to weak economic conditions could also indirectly negatively impact the Company’s advertising revenues by causing downward pricing pressure on advertising because advertisers may not perceive
as much value from advertising if consumers are purchasing fewer of their products or services. 

Other factors
in addition to weak economic conditions could adversely affect advertising expenditures. Advertising sales and rates are dependent upon audience size, and advertisers’ willingness to purchase advertising from the Company may be adversely
affected by a decline in audience ratings at the Networks segment or a decline in circulation, magazine readership or average monthly unique visitors at the Publishing segment. If audience levels decline significantly, the Networks segment’s
networks generally will be required to provide additional advertising units to advertisers to reach agreed upon audience thresholds. This may result in the networks having less inventory available to sell to other advertisers or to use to promote
their own programming. Advertising expenditures also could be negatively affected by other factors, such as shifting societal norms, pressure from public interest groups and changes in laws and regulations. In addition, natural disasters (including
extreme weather), acts of terrorism, political uncertainty or hostilities could lead to a reduction in advertising expenditures as a result of factors including uninterrupted news coverage and economic uncertainty. Further, technological
developments are increasing the number of media and entertainment choices available to consumers and may cause changes in consumer behavior that could negatively affect the attractiveness of the Company’s offerings to advertisers. Advertising
sales and rates are also dependent on audience measurement and they could be negatively affected by changes in audience measurement methodologies. For example, with the advent of tablet editions of magazines, there could be shifts in how consumers
interact with magazines and how the audience for tablet editions of magazines is measured that could negatively impact advertising revenues. The results of audience measurement techniques for network programming used by ratings firms can vary for a
variety of reasons, including changes related to the statistical methods employed and new methods of viewing programming (such as on computers and digital devices), which could also have an adverse effect on the Company’s advertising revenues.

The Company faces risks relating to doing business internationally that could adversely affect its
businesses and operating results.
  The Company’s businesses operate and serve customers worldwide, and the Company is focused on expanding its international operations in key territories, including through acquisitions and
other strategic investments. There are risks inherent in doing business internationally, including: 

•

 the requirements of local laws, regulations, industry practices and customs relating to the publication and distribution of content and the display
and sale of advertising; 

•

 import or export restrictions and changes in trade regulations; 

23 

Table of Contents

•

 issues related to occupational safety and adherence to diverse local labor laws and regulations; 

•

 potentially adverse tax developments; 

•

 political or social unrest; 

•

 the existence in some countries of statutory shareholder minority rights and restrictions on foreign direct ownership; 

•

 the presence of corruption in certain countries; 

•

 the absence of good diplomatic relations between the U.S. and certain countries; 

•

 the potential for government appropriation of the Company’s assets; 

•

 exchange controls; 

•

 lack of sufficient protection for intellectual property in a particular country; 

•

 higher than anticipated costs of entry; 

•

 issues related to integrating and managing foreign operations; and 

•

 issues related to managing investments in companies organized or formed under the laws of foreign countries. 

One or more of these factors could harm the Company’s international operations and its operating results. 

Piracy of the Company’s content may decrease the revenues received from the exploitation of its content and
adversely affect its businesses and profitability.
  The piracy of the Company’s content, products and other intellectual property in the U.S. and internationally poses significant challenges for the Company’s
businesses. Technological developments have made it easier to create, transmit and distribute high quality unauthorized copies of content in unprotected digital formats, which has in turn encouraged the creation of highly scalable businesses that
facilitate, and in many instances financially benefit from, such piracy. The proliferation of unauthorized copies and piracy of the Company’s content, products and intellectual property or the products it licenses from third parties could
result in a reduction of the revenues that the Company receives from the legitimate sale, licensing and distribution of its content and products. Piracy is particularly prevalent in many parts of the world that lack effective copyright and technical
legal protections or enforcement measures, and illegitimate operators based in these parts of the world can attract users from anywhere in the world. The Company devotes substantial resources to protecting its content, products and intellectual
property, but there can be no assurance that the Company’s efforts to enforce its rights and combat piracy will be successful. 

The Company’s businesses may suffer if it cannot continue to license or enforce the intellectual property rights on which its businesses depend.
  The Company relies on patent,
copyright, trademark and trade secret laws and licenses and other agreements with its employees, customers, suppliers and other parties to establish and maintain its intellectual property rights in content, technology and products and services used
to conduct its businesses. However, the Company’s intellectual property rights could be challenged or invalidated, it could have difficulty protecting or obtaining such rights or the rights may not be sufficient to permit it to take advantage
of business opportunities, which could result in costly redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain product and service offerings or other competitive harm. The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers plans to expand the Internet by
accepting applications for unlimited generic top level domains (i.e., the names that appear to the right of the period in domain names, such as .com, .net and .org) in 2012, which could significantly change the structure of the Internet and make it
significantly more expensive for the Company to protect its intellectual property on the Internet. Further, the laws of certain countries may not protect the Company’s proprietary rights or such laws may not be strictly enforced, and the
Company may be unable to protect its intellectual property adequately against unauthorized copying or use in certain countries. In addition, there are legislative and regulatory efforts under review in certain international territories, which, if
successful, could reduce the protection for the Company’s intellectual property and limit its ability to license its content. 

The Company has been, and may be in the future, subject to claims of intellectual property infringement, which could have an adverse impact on the Company’s businesses or operating
results.
  Successful challenges to the Company’s intellectual property could require the Company to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability or be enjoined
preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question. This could require the Company to change its business practices and limit its ability to compete effectively. If the Company is required to take any of these
actions, it could have an adverse impact on the Company’s businesses or operating results. Even if the Company believes 

24 

Table of Contents

that the claims of intellectual property infringement are without merit, defending against the claims can be time-consuming and costly and divert management’s attention and resources away
from its businesses. 

The Company’s businesses are subject to labor
interruption.
  The Company and certain of its suppliers retain the services of writers, directors, actors, athletes, technicians, trade employees and others involved in the development and production of motion pictures, television
and digital programming and magazines who are covered by collective bargaining agreements. The collective bargaining agreements with the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees, The International Brotherhood of Teamsters and other trade
unions, which represent people involved in the production of theatrical films and television programs, expire on July 31, 2012. If the Company or its suppliers are unable to renew expiring collective bargaining agreements, it is possible that
the affected unions could take actions in the form of strikes, work slowdowns or work stoppages. Strikes, work slowdowns or work stoppages or the possibility of such actions and attempts to unionize, could cause delays in the production or the
release dates of the Company’s feature films, television programming and magazines. The Company could also incur higher costs from such actions, new collective bargaining agreements or the renewal of collective bargaining agreements on less
favorable terms. Many of the Company’s collective bargaining agreements are industry-wide agreements, and the Company may lack practical control over the negotiations and terms of these agreements. Union or labor disputes or player lock-outs
relating to professional sports leagues for which the Networks segment has the rights to produce and telecast live games or events may preclude the Networks segment from telecasting scheduled games or events, which could have a negative impact on
the Networks segment’s subscription and advertising revenues. Further, the loss of television programming due to such disputes could negatively impact the segment’s promotional and marketing opportunities. Depending on its duration, a
labor dispute could have an adverse effect on the Company’s businesses or results of operations. 

The Company’s businesses rely heavily on information technology networks, systems and other technology, and a
disruption or failure of such networks, systems or technology as a result of computer viruses, misappropriation of data or other malfeasance, as well as outages, natural disasters, accidental releases of information or similar events, may disrupt
the Company’s businesses, damage its reputation or have a negative impact on its revenues.  
Because network and information systems and other technologies are critical to many of the Company’s operating activities,
network or information system shutdowns or service disruptions at the Company or vendors that provide systems or services to the Company pose increasing risks. Such disruptions may be caused by events such as computer hacking, dissemination of
computer viruses, worms and other destructive or disruptive software, denial of service attacks and other malicious activity, as well as power outages, natural disasters (including extreme weather), failures or impairments of communications
satellites or on ground uplinks or downlinks used to transmit programming, terrorist attacks and similar events. Such events could have an adverse impact on the Company and its customers, including degradation or disruption of service and damage to
equipment and data. Significant incidents could result in a disruption of the Company’s operations, customer or advertiser dissatisfaction, damage to the Company’s reputation or a loss of customers or revenues. Currently, there are a
limited number of communications satellites available for the transmission of programming. 

The Company and its
businesses also could be subject to risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or intentional or accidental release or loss of information maintained in the information technology systems and networks of the Company and its
third party vendors, including personnel, customer and vendor confidential data. The Company could be exposed to significant costs if such risks were to materialize, and such events could result in violations of data privacy laws and regulations,
damage the reputation and credibility of the Company and its businesses and negatively impact its revenues. The Company also could be required to expend significant amounts of money and other resources to remedy any such security breach or to repair
or replace networks or information systems. The Company also could be subject to claims made by consumers in private litigation involving privacy issues related to consumer data collection and use practices, including claims for misuse or
inappropriate disclosure of data, as well as unfair or deceptive practices. 

Although the Company develops and
maintains systems to prevent these events from occurring, the development and maintenance of these systems is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more
sophisticated. Moreover, despite 

25 

Table of Contents

the Company’s efforts, the possibility of these events occurring cannot be eliminated entirely. As the Company distributes more of its content digitally, engages in more electronic
transactions with consumers, outsources more of its information systems to third-party vendors and relies on more cloud-based information and technology systems, the related security risks will increase and the Company will need to expend additional
resources to protect its technology and information systems, which could have an adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations. 

The Company’s businesses are subject to regulation in the U.S. and internationally, which could cause the Company to incur additional costs or liabilities or disrupt its business
practices.
  The Company’s businesses are subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws and regulations. See Item 1, “Business — Regulatory Matters” for a description of significant federal,
state, local and international laws, regulations, inquiries and regulatory proceedings affecting the growth and operation of the Company’s businesses. The Company could incur substantial costs to comply with new laws, regulations or policies or
substantial penalties or other liabilities if it fails to comply with them. Compliance with new laws, regulations or policies also could cause the Company to change or limit its business practices in a manner that is adverse to its businesses. In
addition, if there are changes in laws that provide protections that the Company relies on in conducting its business, it would subject the Company to greater risk of liability and could increase its costs of compliance or limit its ability to
operate certain lines of business. 

The Company’s shared services initiatives present various risks,
including that the Company may not realize the financial and strategic goals relating to the initiatives.  
The Company has launched multi-year shared services initiatives to deliver certain business support services centrally to
the Company’s divisions. In connection with the initiatives, the Company may incur greater than anticipated expenses, fail to realize anticipated benefits or have difficulty executing one or more initiatives. 

If the AOL Separation or the TWC Separation is determined to be taxable for income tax purposes, Time Warner and/or
Time Warner’s stockholders who received shares of AOL or TWC in connection with the spin-offs could incur significant income tax liabilities.
  In connection with the legal and structural separation of AOL Inc.
(“AOL”) from the Company in December 2009 (the “AOL Separation”), Time Warner received an opinion of counsel confirming that the AOL Separation will not result in the recognition, for U.S. Federal income tax purposes, of
gain or loss to Time Warner or its stockholders, except to the extent of cash received in lieu of fractional shares. In connection with the legal and structural separation of Time Warner Cable Inc. (“TWC”) from the Company in March 2009
(the “TWC Separation”), Time Warner received a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) and opinions of counsel confirming that the TWC Separation should not result in the recognition, for U.S. Federal
income tax purposes, of gain or loss to Time Warner or its stockholders, except to the extent of cash received in lieu of fractional shares. The IRS ruling and the opinions received in connection with these transactions were based on, among other
things, certain facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings made by Time Warner and by AOL or TWC, as applicable. If any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings is incorrect or not otherwise satisfied, Time Warner and
its stockholders may not be able to rely on the relevant IRS ruling or opinion and could be subject to significant tax liabilities. Furthermore, opinions of counsel are not binding on the IRS or state or local tax authorities or the courts, and a
tax authority or court could determine that the AOL Separation or the TWC Separation should be treated as a taxable transaction. Under the tax matters agreement that Time Warner entered into with AOL, Time Warner is entitled to indemnification from
AOL for taxes resulting from the failure of the AOL Separation to qualify as tax-free (“AOL Transaction Taxes”) as a result of (i) certain actions or failures to act by AOL or (ii) the failure of certain representations made by
AOL to be true. Similarly, under the tax matters agreement that Time Warner entered into with TWC, Time Warner is entitled to indemnification from TWC for taxes resulting from the failure of the TWC Separation to qualify as tax-free (“TWC
Transaction Taxes” and, together with the AOL Transaction Taxes, the “Transaction Taxes”) as a result of (i) certain actions or failures to act by TWC or (ii) the failure of certain representations made by TWC to be true.
However, under these tax matters agreements, if Transaction Taxes are incurred for any other reason, Time Warner would not be entitled to indemnification. 

26 

Table of Contents

RISKS RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S NETWORKS BUSINESSES 

The failure to renew affiliate agreements on favorable terms or the inability to renew affiliate agreements could
cause the revenues of the Networks segment to decline in any given period, and further consolidation of multichannel video programming distributors could adversely affect the segment
.  The Networks segment depends on affiliate
agreements with cable system operators, satellite service distributors, telephone companies and other distributors (known as affiliates) for the distribution of its networks and premium pay television services, and there can be no assurance that
these affiliate agreements will be renewed in the future on terms that are acceptable to the Networks segment. The inability to renew affiliate agreements or the renewal of affiliate agreements on less favorable terms may adversely affect the
segment’s results of operations. In addition, the loss of carriage on the most widely penetrated programming tiers, including as a result of an affiliate’s creation of lower-priced video packages or tiers that do not include the
segment’s networks, could reduce the distribution of the segment’s programming and adversely affect its advertising and subscription revenues. Further, the reduction of any marketing by affiliates of the Networks segment’s premium pay
television services could negatively affect the segment’s subscription revenues. In addition, consolidation among affiliates has provided them greater negotiating power, and increased vertical integration of such affiliates could adversely
affect the segment’s ability to maintain or obtain distribution and/or marketing for its networks and premium pay television services on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 

The inability of the Networks segment to license rights to popular programming on acceptable terms could adversely
affect the segment’s operating results.
  Turner obtains a significant portion of its programming, such as motion pictures, television series and sports events, from movie studios, television production companies and sports
organizations. In addition, Home Box Office has agreements with certain movie studios that provide it with the exclusive rights to exhibit the studios’ original theatrical films during specified time periods, or windows. Competition for popular
programming is intense, and the growing number of content aggregators offering online subscription video services has increased competition for programming. The businesses in the segment may have to increase the price they are willing to pay or be
outbid by their competitors for the rights to programming or in connection with the renewal of programming they currently license, and the cost to license such programming may increase due to such competition. The cost may also increase as companies
seek window exclusivity rights for acquired programming or the right to exhibit programming on new distribution platforms. 

Increases in the costs to produce programming may adversely affect the gross margins at the Networks segment.
  The Networks segment produces programming and it incurs costs for
creative talent, including actors, writers and producers, as well as costs relating to development and marketing. The segment also incurs significant additional costs, such as production and newsgathering costs. The Networks segment plans to
continue to produce original programming for its advertising-supported networks to drive consumer demand and growth in subscription and advertising revenue. The segment’s failure to generate sufficient revenues to offset increases in the costs
of creative talent or in development, marketing, production or newsgathering costs may lead to decreased profits at the segment. 

The loss of subscribers could adversely affect the results of operations and future revenue growth at the Networks segment.
  If the current weak economic conditions such as
stagnant household formation and high unemployment rates persist or deteriorate further, or retail video service rates charged by affiliates continue to increase, subscribers may cancel their video service subscriptions, reduce the number of
services they subscribe to or elect to subscribe to a lower-priced tier that may not include all of the segment’s networks and premium pay television services. In addition, technological developments and changes in consumer behavior,
particularly among younger consumers, could result in such consumers choosing not to subscribe to multichannel video services. The Networks segment also faces increasing competition from services that distribute movies, television shows and other
video programming directly to consumers, including by means of online services that offer video streaming or other means of distribution. If consumers elect to utilize these services as an alternative to video services provided by affiliates, the
segment’s networks and premium pay television services may experience declines in subscribers. In addition, if affiliates reduce their promotional efforts associated with the segment’s premium pay television services, choose to promote
their own movie and television programming or on-demand offerings in lieu of the segment’s premium pay television services or change the programming packages that contain the segment’s networks and premium pay televisions services, the
number of subscribers to 

27 

Table of Contents

such services could decline. A decrease in the number of an affiliate’s subscribers or the number of subscribers to the segment’s networks and premium pay television services could
result in a decrease in subscription revenues, as well as a decrease in advertising revenues for the segment’s advertising-supported networks. 

RISKS RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S FILMED ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESSES 

Sales of DVDs have been declining, which may adversely affect Warner Bros.’ growth prospects and results of operations.
  Several factors are contributing to an industry-wide
decline in DVD sales both domestically and internationally, which has had an adverse effect on Warner Bros.’ results of operations. These factors include challenging economic conditions, the maturation of the standard definition DVD format,
piracy, intense competition for consumer discretionary spending and leisure and entertainment time and declining price points. Subscription rental (including subscription streaming services) and discount rental kiosks, which generate significantly
less revenue for Warner Bros. than DVD sales, have been capturing an increasing share of consumer transactions and consumer discretionary spending, which has adversely affected DVD prices and sales and could adversely affect Warner Bros.’
ability to increase revenues from the electronic delivery of its films and television programming. In addition, Warner Bros.’ efforts to offset the decline in DVD sales (e.g., Blu-ray Disc sales, sales of digital copies of films and
establishing longer rental windows) and its efforts to make digital ownership of films more compelling to consumers may not be successful or it may be several years before consumers accept these offerings. 

A decrease in demand for television programming could adversely affect Warner Bros.’
revenues.
  Warner Bros. is a leading supplier of television programming. If there is a decrease in the demand for Warner Bros.’ television product, it could lead to the launch of fewer new television series and a reduction in
the number of original programs ordered by the networks, the per-episode license fees generated by Warner Bros. in the near term and the syndication revenues generated by Warner Bros. in the future. Vertically integrated networks could increase the
amount of programming they purchase from production companies with which they are affiliated, driven in part by their desire to have more control over digital rights. In addition, the failure of ratings for the programming to meet expectations and
the shift of viewers and advertisers away from network television to other entertainment and information outlets could adversely affect the amount of original programming ordered by networks and the amount they are willing to pay for such
programming or could result in a network’s cancellation of a program. Local television stations may face loss of viewership and an accompanying loss of advertising revenues as viewers move to other entertainment outlets, which may negatively
affect the segment’s ability to obtain the per-episode license fees in syndication that it has received in the past. The increasing popularity of local television and theatrical content on television networks in international regions also could
result in decreased demand, fewer available broadcast slots, and lower licensing and syndication revenues for U.S. television content in international regions. In addition, the consolidation of pay television content providers in international
regions has provided them with greater negotiating power, which may result in lower licensing fees. 

Domestic feature film attendance declined in 2011, and, if attendance declines significantly over time and results
in reduced box office receipts, Warner Bros.’ growth prospects and results of operations may be adversely affected
.  Several factors may have contributed to the decline in feature film attendance in 2011, including
industry-wide film selection, alternative entertainment options and general economic conditions. 

If the
costs of producing and marketing feature films continue to increase, it may be more difficult for a film to generate a profit.
  The production and marketing of feature films is very expensive and has been increasing in recent
years. The trend toward producing more event films including franchise films (which often entail higher talent costs for films later in the series) could result in even higher production costs. If production and marketing costs continue to increase,
it may make it more difficult for the segment’s films to generate a profit. Also, if film production incentives, such as subsidies and rebates, currently offered in certain U.S. states and international territories (particularly the United
Kingdom) are reduced or discontinued, Warner Bros.’ capital requirements for production would increase. 

28 

Table of Contents

RISKS RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S PUBLISHING BUSINESS 

The Publishing segment’s results of operations could be adversely affected as a result of additional increases
in postal rates, and its business and results of operations could be negatively affected by other changes in postal service.
  Postage is a significant operating expense for the Publishing segment. Postal rates, which have increased
in recent years, are dependent on the operating efficiency of the U.S. Postal Service and on legislative mandates imposed on the Postal Service. The Postal Service’s financial condition continues to deteriorate, and in December 2011, the Postal
Service announced plans to close approximately half of its mail processing centers beginning in 2012, which will result in slower delivery of first class mail and periodical mail. Legislation has been introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives
and the U.S. Senate to implement various structural reforms of the Postal Service to restore its financial solvency, which could result in additional increases to the rates for periodicals class mail, local post office closures and decreases in or
the elimination of Saturday mail delivery. If there are significant increases in postal rates and the Publishing segment is not able to offset the increases, they could have a negative impact on the segment’s results of operations. If
significant post office and mail processing center closures and mail delivery changes occur, they could adversely affect the segment’s business and results of operations. 

The Publishing segment could face increased costs and business disruption resulting from instability in the
U.S. wholesaler distribution channel.
  The Publishing segment operates a national distribution business that relies on wholesalers to distribute its magazines to newsstands and other retail outlets. A small number of
wholesalers are responsible for a substantial percentage of the wholesale magazine distribution business in the U.S. There is the possibility of consolidation among these major wholesalers and insolvency of or non-payment by one or more of
these wholesalers, especially in light of the economic climate and its impact on retailers. Distribution channel disruptions can temporarily impede the Publishing segment’s ability to distribute magazines to the retail marketplace, which could,
among other things, negatively affect the ability of certain magazines to meet the rate base established with advertisers. Continued disruption in the wholesaler channel, an increase in wholesaler costs or the failure of wholesalers to pay amounts
due could adversely affect the Publishing segment’s operating income or cash flow. 

A significant
increase in the price of paper or significant disruptions in the Publishing segment’s supply of paper would have an adverse effect on the segment’s business and results of operations

.  Paper represents a
significant component of the Publishing segment’s total costs to produce magazines. Paper is a commodity, and its price has historically been volatile and may increase as a result of various factors, including: 

•

 a reduction in the number of suppliers as a result of restructurings, bankruptcies and consolidations; 

•

 declining paper supply as a result of paper mill closures; and 

•

 other factors that generally adversely impact supplier profitability, including increases in operating expenses caused by rising raw material and
energy costs. 

If paper prices increase significantly or the segment experiences significant
paper supply channel disruptions, the segment’s business and results of operations would be adversely affected.