.

 RISKS
 RELATING TO TIME WARNER GENERALLY

 The Company must respond to recent and future changes in
 technology, services and standards and changes in consumer
 behavior to remain competitive and continue to increase its
 revenues.
 Technology, particularly digital
 technology used in the entertainment industry, continues to
 evolve rapidly, and advances in that technology have led to
 alternative methods for the delivery and storage of digital
 content. These technological changes have driven and reinforced
 changes in consumer behavior, as consumers increasingly seek
 control over when, where and how they consume digital content.
 For example, content owners are increasingly delivering their
 content directly to consumers over the Internet, often without
 charge, and consumer electronics innovations have enabled
 consumers to view such Internet-delivered content on televisions
 and portable devices. Further, the current economic conditions
 could have the effect of accelerating the migration to digital
 technologies among both providers and consumers of content, with
 companies seeking greater efficiencies and consumers seeking
 more value and lower cost alternatives.

 Technological developments also pose other challenges for the
 Company that could adversely affect its revenues and competitive
 position. For example, the Company may not have the right, and
 may not be able to secure the right, to distribute its licensed
 content across new delivery platforms that are developed. In
 addition, technological developments that enable third-party
 owners of programming to bypass traditional cable networks, such
 as the Turner Networks and the Home Box Office Services, and
 deal directly with cable system and other content distributors
 could place limitations on the ability of the Networks and
 Filmed Entertainment segments to distribute such third-party
 programming that could have an adverse impact on their revenues.
 Cable system and direct broadcast satellite operators are
 increasingly able to transmit more channels on their existing
 equipment, reducing the cost of creating channels and
 potentially furthering the development of more specialized niche
 audiences, which could increase the competition for viewers.
 Furthermore, advances in technology or changes in
 competitors’ product and service offerings may require the
 Company in the future to make additional research and
 development expenditures or to offer at no additional charge or
 at a lower price certain products and services that are
 currently offered to customers separately or at a premium. There
 is also the risk that the Company could develop or support a new
 technology or business initiative that is not adopted by
 consumers. In addition, traditional audience measures have
 evolved with emerging technologies that can measure audiences
 with improved sensitivity, and there may be future technical and
 marketplace developments that will result in new audience
 measurements that may be used as the basis for the pricing and
 guaranteeing of the advertising contracts of the Publishing
 segment or the advertising-supported networks in the Networks
 segment, which could have an adverse effect on these
 segments’ advertising revenues and an indirect adverse
 impact on the Filmed Entertainment segment’s licensing
 revenues. There is also the risk for the Publishing segment that
 new delivery platforms could lead to pricing restrictions, the
 loss of distribution control and the loss of a direct
 relationship with consumers.

 The Company’s failure to protect and maximize the value of
 its content, while adapting to, supporting and developing new
 technology and business models to take advantage of new and
 emerging technologies and changes to consumer behavior could
 have a significant adverse effect on the Company’s
 businesses and results of operations.

 The introduction and increased popularity of alternative
 technologies for the distribution of entertainment, news and
 other information and the resulting shift in consumer habits and
 advertising expenditures from traditional media to digital media
 could adversely affect the Company’s
 revenues. 
The Company’s Publishing and
 Networks segments derive a substantial portion of their revenues
 from advertising in magazines and on television, respectively.
 Distribution of entertainment, news and other information via
 the Internet has become increasingly popular over the past
 several years, and viewing entertainment, news and other content
 on a personal computer, mobile phone or other electronic or
 portable electronic device has become increasingly popular as
 well. Accordingly, advertising dollars have started to shift
 from traditional media to digital media. The Company believes
 that the shift in major advertisers’ expenditures from
 traditional media to digital media has adversely affected the
 revenue growth of the Publishing and Networks segments, which
 may continue in the future. This shift could further intensify
 competition for advertising in traditional media, which could
 exert greater pressure on these segments to

 16

Table of Contents

 increase revenues from digital advertising. In addition, if
 consumers increasingly elect to obtain news and entertainment
 online instead of by purchasing the Publishing segment’s
 magazines, this trend could negatively affect the segment’s
 circulation revenues and also adversely affect its advertising
 revenues. Further, the Publishing and Networks segments have
 taken various steps to diversify the means by which they
 distribute content and generate advertising revenues, including
 increasing investments in Internet properties, which may not be
 sufficient to offset revenue losses resulting from a continued
 shift in advertising dollars over the long term from traditional
 media to digital media. In addition, this trend also could have
 an indirect negative impact on the licensing revenues generated
 by the Filmed Entertainment segment and the revenues generated
 by Home Box Office from the licensing of its original
 programming in syndication and to basic cable networks.

 The Company has been, and may continue to be, adversely
 affected by weak economic and market
 conditions.
 The Company’s businesses have
 been, and in the future will continue to be affected by economic
 and market conditions, including factors such as interest rates,
 the rate of unemployment, the level of consumer confidence and
 changes in consumer spending habits. Because many of the
 Company’s products and services are largely discretionary
 items, the deterioration of these conditions could diminish
 demand for the Company’s products and services. Such a
 decline could also increase the Company’s cost to provide
 such products and services. In addition, expenditures by
 advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting general economic
 conditions, and therefore, the deterioration of these conditions
 could adversely affect the Company’s revenues since the
 Company’s Networks and Publishing segments derive a
 substantial portion of their revenues from the sale of
 advertising. Declines in consumer spending due to weak economic
 conditions could also indirectly impact the Company’s
 advertising revenues by causing downward pricing pressure on
 advertising because advertisers may not perceive as much value
 from advertising if consumers are purchasing fewer of their
 products or services. Advertising expenditures also could be
 negatively affected by other factors, such as shifting societal
 norms, pressure from public interest groups, changes in laws and
 regulations and other social, political and technological
 developments. Disasters, acts of terrorism, hostilities, global
 health concerns or pandemics also could lead to a reduction in
 advertising expenditures as a result of uninterrupted news
 coverage and economic uncertainty. Advertising expenditures by
 companies in certain sectors of the economy, including food and
 beverage, apparel, fashion and retail, pharmaceuticals and
 medical, motion picture, automotive, financial/business services
 and insurance, toiletries and cosmetics, and telecommunications,
 represent a significant portion of the Company’s
 advertising revenues, and any economic, political, social or
 technological change resulting in a significant reduction in the
 advertising spending of these sectors could further adversely
 affect the Company’s advertising revenues or its ability to
 maintain or increase such revenues.

 Declines in the global economy contributed to reduced
 advertising expenditures in 2008 and 2009, and, if economic
 conditions do not improve, advertising expenditures could
 decline or remain at reduced levels. There is also a risk that
 print advertising may not rebound when economic conditions
 improve, or it may take several years for such a rebound to
 occur.

 The Company also faces risks associated with the impact of
 economic and market conditions on third parties, such as
 suppliers, retailers, film co-financing partners, insurers,
 lenders and other sources of financing and other parties with
 which it does business. If these parties file for protection
 under bankruptcy laws or otherwise experience negative effects
 on their businesses due to the market and economic conditions,
 it could negatively affect the Company’s business or
 operating results.

 Time Warner is exposed to risks associated with disruption
 in the financial markets.
 U.S. and global
 credit and equity markets experienced significant disruption
 beginning in late 2008, making it difficult for many businesses
 to obtain financing on acceptable terms. In addition, equity
 markets experienced wide fluctuations in value. The Company is
 exposed to risks associated with disruptions in the financial
 markets, which can make it more difficult and more expensive to
 obtain financing. In addition, disruptions in the financial
 markets can adversely affect the Company’s lenders,
 insurers, customers and counterparties, including vendors,
 retailers and film co-financing partners. For instance, the
 inability of the Company’s counterparties to obtain
 financing on acceptable terms could impair their ability to
 perform under their agreements with the Company and lead to
 various negative effects on the Company, including fewer outlets
 for retail sales, business disruption, decreased revenues,
 increases in bad debt write-offs and, in the case of film
 co-financing partners, greater risk with respect to the
 performance of the Company’s films.

 17

Table of Contents

 Time Warner faces risks relating to doing business
 internationally that could adversely affect its business and
 operating results.
 Time Warner’s businesses
 operate and serve customers worldwide. There are risks inherent
 in doing business internationally, including:

 •    

 economic volatility and the global economic slowdown;

 •    

 currency exchange rate fluctuations and inflationary pressures;

 •    

 the requirements of local laws and customs relating to the
 publication and distribution of content and the display and sale
 of advertising;

 •    

 import or export restrictions and changes in trade regulations;

 •    

 difficulties in developing, staffing and managing a large number
 of foreign operations as a result of distance and language and
 cultural differences;

 •    

 issues related to occupational safety and adherence to diverse
 local labor laws and regulations;

 •    

 potentially adverse tax developments;

 •    

 longer payment cycles;

 •    

 political or social unrest;

 •    

 risks related to government regulation;

 •    

 the existence in some countries of statutory shareholder
 minority rights and restrictions on foreign direct ownership;

 •    

 the presence of corruption in certain countries; and

 •    

 higher than anticipated costs of entry.

 One or more of these factors could harm the Company’s
 international operations and its business and operating results.
 In addition, the Company could be at a competitive disadvantage
 in the long term if its businesses are not able to strengthen
 their positions and capitalize on international opportunities in
 growth economies and media sectors. International expansion
 involves significant investments as well as risks associated
 with doing business abroad, and investments in some regions can
 take a long period to generate an adequate return and in some
 cases there may not be a developed or efficient legal system to
 protect foreign investment or intellectual property rights. In
 addition, if the Company expands into new international regions,
 some of its businesses will have only limited experience in
 operating and marketing their products and services in such
 regions and could be at a disadvantage compared to competitors
 with more experience, particularly diversified media companies
 that are well established in some developing nations, and the
 Company’s strategies for growth may not be successful.

 The Company’s businesses operate in highly
 competitive industries.
 Competition faced by the
 businesses in the Company’s Networks and Filmed
 Entertainment segments is intense and comes from many different
 sources, and the ability of these businesses to compete
 successfully depends on many factors, including their ability to
 provide high-quality, popular entertainment product, adapt to
 new technologies and distribution platforms and achieve
 widespread distribution. There has been consolidation in the
 media industry, and the Networks and Filmed Entertainment
 segments’ competitors include industry participants with
 interests in other multiple media businesses that are often
 vertically integrated. Such vertical integration could have
 various negative effects on the competitive position of the
 Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments. For example,
 vertical integration of television networks and television and
 film production or distribution companies could adversely affect
 the Networks segment if it hinders the ability of the Networks
 segment to obtain programming for its networks. In addition, if
 purchasers of programming increasingly purchase their
 programming from production companies with which they are
 affiliated, such vertical integration could have a negative
 effect on the Filmed Entertainment segment’s licensing
 revenues and the revenues generated by Home Box Office from the
 licensing of its original programming in syndication and to
 basic cable networks. There can be no assurance that the
 Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments will be able to
 compete successfully in the future against existing or potential
 competitors or that competition will not have an adverse effect
 on their businesses or results of operations.

 The Company’s Publishing segment faces significant
 competition from several direct competitors and other media,
 including the Internet. Moreover, additional competitors may
 enter the website publishing business and further intensify
 competition, which could have an adverse impact on the
 segment’s revenues. Competition for print advertising
 expenditures has intensified in recent years as advertising
 spending has increasingly shifted from traditional to digital
 media, and this competition has intensified even further due to
 difficult economic conditions. There can be no assurance that
 the Publishing segment will be able to compete successfully in
 the future against

 18

Table of Contents

 existing or potential competitors or that competition will not
 have an adverse effect on its business or results of operations.

 The Company faces risks relating to competition for the
 leisure and entertainment time of consumers, which has
 intensified in part due to advances in technology and changes in
 consumer behavior. 
The Company’s businesses
 are subject to risks relating to increasing competition for the
 leisure and entertainment time of consumers and this competition
 may intensify further during economic downturns. The
 Company’s businesses compete with each other and all other
 sources of entertainment, news and other information, including
 broadcast television, films, the Internet, home video products,
 interactive videogames, sports, print media, live events and
 radio broadcasts. Technological advancements, such as

video-on-demand,
 new video formats and Internet streaming and downloading, have
 increased the number of media and entertainment choices
 available to consumers and intensified the challenges posed by
 audience fragmentation. The increasing number of choices
 available to consumers could negatively affect not only consumer
 demand for the Company’s products and services, but also
 advertisers’ willingness to purchase advertising from the
 Company’s businesses. If the Company does not respond
 appropriately to further increases in the leisure and
 entertainment choices available to consumers, the Company’s
 competitive position could deteriorate, and its financial
 results could suffer.

 The popularity of the Company’s content and other
 factors are difficult to predict and could lead to fluctuations
 in the Company’s revenues, and low public acceptance of the
 Company’s content may adversely affect its results of
 operations. 
The production and distribution of
 television programming, films, interactive videogames, magazines
 and other content are inherently risky businesses largely
 because the revenues derived from the production and
 distribution of such content, as well as the licensing of rights
 to the intellectual property associated with such content,
 depend primarily on its acceptance by the public, which is
 difficult to predict. Public acceptance of new, original
 television programming and new theatrical films and interactive
 videogames that are not part of a franchise is particularly
 difficult to predict, which heightens the risks associated with
 such content. In addition, due to the decline in the sales of
 DVDs, the success of a theatrical film is much more dependent on
 public acceptance at the box office. The commercial success of a
 television program, film, interactive videogame, magazine or
 other content also depends on the quality and acceptance of
 other competing content available or released at or near the
 same time, the adequacy of efforts to limit piracy, particularly
 of films still in theatrical distribution, the availability of
 alternate forms of entertainment and leisure time activities,
 the ability to develop strong brand awareness and target key
 audience demographics and anticipate and adapt to changes in
 consumer tastes and behavior on a timely basis, general economic
 conditions and other tangible and intangible factors, many of
 which are difficult to predict. In addition, in the case of the
 Turner Networks, the popularity of their syndicated and original
 programming is a factor that is weighed when determining their
 advertising rates, and, as a result, poor ratings in targeted
 demographics can lead to a reduction in pricing and advertiser
 demand.

 Historically, there has been a correlation between a theatrical
 film’s domestic box office success and international box
 office success, as well as a correlation between box office
 success and success in subsequent distribution channels.
 Consequently, the underperformance of a film, particularly an
 “event” film (which typically has high production and
 marketing costs) or a film that is part of a franchise, can have
 an adverse impact on the Company’s results of operations in
 both the year of release and in the future, and may adversely
 affect revenues from other distribution channels, such as home
 entertainment and pay television programming services, and sales
 of interactive videogames and licensed consumer products based
 on such film.

 Sales of DVDs have been declining, which may adversely
 affect the Company’s growth prospects and results of
 operations.
 Several factors, including weak
 economic conditions, the maturation of the standard definition
 DVD format, piracy and intense competition for consumer
 discretionary spending and leisure time, are contributing to an
 industry-wide decline in DVD sales both domestically and
 internationally, which has had an adverse effect on the
 Company’s results of operations. DVD sales have also been
 adversely affected as subscription rental and discount rental
 kiosks, which generate significantly less revenue per
 transaction than DVD sales, have captured an increasing share of
 consumer transactions and consumer spending. DVD and Blu-ray
 Disc sales also may be negatively affected as consumers
 increasingly shift from consuming physical entertainment
 products to digital forms of entertainment. The media and
 entertainment industries face a challenge in managing the
 transition from physical to electronic formats in a manner that
 continues to support the current DVD and Blu-ray Disc business
 and their relationships with large retail customers and yet
 meets the growing consumer demand for delivery of entertainment

 19

Table of Contents

 content in a variety of electronic formats. There can be no
 assurance that DVD and Blu-ray Disc wholesale prices can be
 maintained at current levels, due to aggressive retail pricing
 and the consumer transition to digital and lower priced rental
 services.

 Piracy of the Company’s content may decrease the
 revenues received from the exploitation of its content and
 adversely affect its business and
 profitability.
 The piracy of Time Warner’s
 brands, motion pictures, television programming, DVDs, Blu-ray
 Discs, video content, interactive videogames and other
 intellectual property in the U.S. and internationally poses
 significant challenges to the Company’s businesses,
 particularly the Company’s Filmed Entertainment and
 Networks segments. Technological advances allowing the
 unauthorized dissemination of motion pictures, television
 programming and other content in unprotected digital formats,
 including via the Internet, increase the threat of piracy
 because they make it easier to create, transmit and distribute
 high quality unauthorized copies of content. The proliferation
 of unauthorized copies and piracy of the Company’s products
 or the products it licenses from third parties can have an
 adverse effect on its businesses and profitability because these
 products reduce the revenues that Time Warner potentially could
 receive from the legitimate sale and distribution of its
 content. Policing the unauthorized use of the Company’s
 contents and products is difficult and costly, and there can be
 no assurance that the Company’s efforts to enforce its
 rights and combat piracy will be successful in reducing piracy
 of the Company’s content and products.

 Time Warner’s businesses may suffer if it cannot
 continue to license or enforce the intellectual property rights
 on which its businesses depend.
 The Company relies
 on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws in the
 United States and similar laws in other countries, and licenses
 and other agreements with its employees, customers, suppliers
 and other parties, to establish and maintain its intellectual
 property rights in content, technology and products and services
 used in its various operations and to conduct its businesses.
 However, the Company’s intellectual property rights could
 be challenged or invalidated, or such intellectual property
 rights may not be sufficient to permit it to take advantage of
 current industry trends or otherwise to provide competitive
 advantages, which could result in costly redesign efforts,
 discontinuance of certain product and service offerings or other
 competitive harm. Further, the laws of certain countries do not
 protect Time Warner’s proprietary rights, or such laws may
 not be strictly enforced. Therefore, in certain jurisdictions
 the Company may be unable to protect its intellectual property
 adequately against unauthorized copying or use, which could
 adversely affect its competitive position. Also, because of the
 migration to digital technology and other technological changes
 in the industries in which the Company operates, the Company may
 need to use technologies developed or licensed by third parties
 in order to conduct its businesses, and if Time Warner is not
 able to obtain or to continue to obtain licenses from these
 third parties on reasonable terms, its businesses could be
 adversely affected. It is also possible that, in connection with
 a merger, sale or acquisition transaction, the Company may
 license its trademarks or service marks and associated goodwill
 to third parties, or the business of various segments could be
 subject to certain restrictions in connection with such
 trademarks or service marks and associated goodwill that were
 not in place prior to such a transaction.

 The Company has been, and may be in the future, subject to
 claims of intellectual property infringement, which could have
 an adverse impact on the Company’s businesses or operating
 results due to a disruption in its business operations, the
 incurrence of significant costs and other
 factors.
 From time to time, the Company receives
 notices from others claiming that it infringes their
 intellectual property rights, and the number of intellectual
 property infringement claims could increase in the future.
 Increased infringement claims and lawsuits could require Time
 Warner to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on
 unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability or be
 enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the
 intellectual property in question. This could require Time
 Warner to change its business practices and limit its ability to
 compete effectively. Even if Time Warner believes that the
 claims are without merit, the claims can be time-consuming and
 costly to defend and divert management’s attention and
 resources away from its businesses. In addition, agreements
 entered into by the Company may require it to indemnify the
 other party for certain third-party intellectual property
 infringement claims, which could require the Company to expend
 sums to defend against or settle such claims or, potentially, to
 pay damages. If Time Warner is required to take any of these
 actions, it could have an adverse impact on the Company’s
 businesses or operating results. The use of new technologies to
 distribute content on the Internet, including through Internet
 sites providing social networking and user-generated content,
 could put some of the Company’s businesses at an increased
 risk of allegations of copyright or trademark infringement or
 legal liability, as

 20

Table of Contents

 well as cause them to incur significant technical, legal or
 other costs and limit their ability to provide competitive
 content, features or tools.

 The Company’s businesses are subject to labor
 interruption.
 The Company and certain of its
 suppliers retain the services of writers, directors, actors,
 athletes, technicians, trade employees and others involved in
 the development and production of motion pictures, television
 programs and magazines who are covered by collective bargaining
 agreements. If the Company and its suppliers are unable to renew
 expiring collective bargaining agreements, it is possible that
 the affected unions could take actions in the form of strikes,
 work slowdowns or work stoppages. Such actions or the
 possibility of such actions could cause delays in the production
 or the release dates of the Company’s feature films,
 television programs and magazines, as well as result in higher
 costs either from such actions or less favorable terms of the
 applicable agreements on renewal.

 The Company’s businesses rely heavily on network and
 information systems or other technology, and a disruption or
 failure of such networks, systems or technology as a result of
 computer viruses, misappropriation of data or other malfeasance,
 as well as outages, natural disasters, accidental releases of
 information or similar events, may disrupt the Company’s
 businesses and damage its reputation.
 Because
 network and information systems and other technologies are
 critical to many of Time Warner’s operating activities,
 network or information system shutdowns or service disruptions
 caused by events such as computer hacking, dissemination of
 computer viruses, worms and other destructive or disruptive
 software, denial of service attacks and other malicious
 activity, as well as power outages, natural disasters,
 impairments to satellite systems used to transmit programming,
 terrorist attacks and similar events, pose increasing risks.
 Such an event could have an adverse impact on the Company and
 its customers, including degradation of service, service
 disruption and damage to equipment and data. Significant
 incidents could result in a disruption of the Company’s
 operations, customer dissatisfaction, or a loss of customers or
 revenues. Furthermore, the operating activities of Time
 Warner’s various businesses could be subject to risks
 caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification and
 accidental release or loss of information maintained in the
 information technology systems and networks of the Company and
 third party vendors, including personnel, customer and vendor
 data. The Company could be exposed to significant costs if such
 risks were to materialize, and such events could damage the
 reputation and credibility of Time Warner and its businesses and
 have a negative impact on its revenues. The Company also could
 be required to expend significant capital and other resources to
 remedy any such security breach or to repair or replace networks
 or information systems.

 If the AOL Separation or the TWC Separation is determined
 to be taxable for income tax purposes, Time Warner
 and/or Time
 Warner’s stockholders who received shares of AOL or TWC in
 connection with the spin-offs could incur significant income tax
 liabilities. 

In connection with the AOL Separation,
 Time Warner received an opinion of counsel confirming that the
 AOL Separation will not result in the recognition, for
 U.S. Federal income tax purposes, of gain or loss to Time
 Warner or its stockholders, except to the extent of cash
 received in lieu of fractional shares. In connection with the
 TWC Separation, Time Warner received a private letter ruling
 from the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) and opinions
 of counsel confirming that the TWC Separation should not result
 in the recognition, for U.S. Federal income tax purposes,
 of gain or loss to Time Warner or its stockholders, except to
 the extent of cash received in lieu of fractional shares. The
 IRS ruling and the opinions received in connection with these
 transactions were based on, among other things, certain facts,
 assumptions, representations and undertakings made by Time
 Warner and by AOL or TWC, as applicable. If any of these facts,
 assumptions, representations or undertakings is incorrect or not
 otherwise satisfied, Time Warner and its stockholders may not be
 able to rely on the relevant IRS ruling or opinion and could be
 subject to significant tax liabilities. Furthermore, opinions of
 counsel are not binding on the IRS or state or local tax
 authorities or the courts, and a tax authority or court could
 determine that the AOL Separation or the TWC Separation should
 be treated as a taxable transaction. Under the tax matters
 agreement that Time Warner entered into with AOL, Time Warner is
 entitled to indemnification from AOL for taxes resulting from
 the failure of the AOL Separation to qualify as tax-free
 (“AOL Transaction Taxes”) as a result of
 (i) certain actions or failures to act by AOL or
 (ii) the failure of certain representations made by AOL to
 be true. Similarly, under the tax matters agreement that Time
 Warner entered into with TWC, Time Warner is entitled to
 indemnification from TWC for taxes resulting from the failure of
 the TWC Separation to qualify as tax-free (“TWC Transaction
 Taxes” and, together with the AOL Transaction Taxes, the
 “Transaction Taxes”) as a result of (i) certain
 actions or failures to act by TWC or (ii) the failure of
 certain representations made by TWC to be true. However,

 21

Table of Contents

 under these tax matters agreements, if Transaction Taxes are
 incurred for any other reason, Time Warner would not be entitled
 to indemnification.

 The Company’s businesses are subject to regulation in
 the U.S. and internationally, which could cause the Company
 to incur additional costs or liabilities or disrupt its business
 practices.
 The Company’s businesses are
 subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws and
 regulations. Cable networks in the United States are regulated
 by U.S. federal laws and regulations issued and
 administered by various federal agencies, including the FCC.
 Time Inc.’s magazine subscription and direct marketing
 activities are subject to regulation by the FTC and the states
 under general consumer protection statutes prohibiting unfair or
 deceptive acts or practices, and certain areas of marketing
 activity are also subject to specific federal statutes and
 rules. In addition, the rules of the Audit Bureau of
 Circulations govern Time Inc.’s magazine subscription
 activities. The Company’s digital properties and activities
 are subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including
 those relating to privacy, consumer protection, data retention
 and data protection, content regulation and the use of software
 that allows for audience targeting and tracking of performance
 metrics, among others.

 The U.S. Congress, state legislatures and various
 regulatory bodies currently are considering, and may in the
 future adopt, new laws, regulations and policies regarding
 various matters that could, directly or indirectly, adversely
 affect the Company’s businesses. For example, in October
 2009, the FCC initiated a rulemaking to adopt so-called
 “net neutrality” rules which would, in part, require
 Internet service providers to adhere to new nondiscrimination
 and transparency principles in managing their networks, but
 would allow reasonable measures to address, among other things,
 network congestion and unlawful transfers of content, such as
 copyrighted material subject to piracy. From time to time, there
 has been consideration of the extension of indecency rules
 applicable to
 over-the-air
 broadcasters to cable and satellite programming and stricter
 enforcement of existing laws and rules. Also, the FCC initiated
 a proceeding in 2008 to examine the use of product placement and
 integration in television programming and sought comment on
 whether to enhance its existing sponsorship identification
 disclosure rules, extend such rules to cable networks and
 expressly prohibit the use of paid product placement or
 integration in children’s media. Policymakers have also
 raised concerns about violence in various forms of content,
 including television programming, motion pictures and
 interactive videogames, and a renewed interest in
 children’s media issues, which are currently the subject of
 an FCC inquiry. The Obama administration is also expected to
 focus on combating childhood obesity through advocacy and other
 efforts in 2010, including an interagency task force developing
 a voluntary nutrition standard for food and beverage marketing
 aimed at children 2-17 years old. Policymakers have also
 expressed interest in exploring whether cable operators should
 offer “à la carte” programming to subscribers on
 a

network-by-network
 basis or provide “family-friendly” tiers, and a number
 of cable operators have voluntarily agreed to offer family
 tiers. The FCC also is examining the manner in which some
 programming distributors package or bundle services sold to
 distributors, and the same conduct is at issue in industry-wide
 antitrust litigation pending in Federal court in Los Angeles, in
 which the plaintiffs seek to prohibit wholesale bundling
 practices prospectively. The unbundling or tiering of program
 services may reduce the distribution of certain cable networks,
 thereby creating the risk of reduced viewership and increased
 marketing expenses, and may affect the ability of Turner’s
 advertising-supported networks to compete for or attract the
 same level of advertising dollars. A number of states have
 proposed “Do Not Mail” legislation, similar to Federal
 “Do Not Call” legislation, which would allow consumers
 to register their names on a list and not receive direct mail.
 The Senate Commerce Committee is currently investigating offers
 of free trial memberships in discount buying clubs made to
 customers following a customer’s credit card purchase from
 a merchant. While the investigation does not involve magazines,
 potential outcomes, such as certain restrictions on the transfer
 of credit card information, could adversely affect the
 Publishing segment’s business.

 The Company could incur substantial costs necessary to comply
 with new laws, regulations or policies or substantial penalties
 or other liabilities if it fails to comply with them. Compliance
 with new laws, regulations or policies also could cause the
 Company to change or limit its business practices in a manner
 that is adverse to its businesses. In addition, if there are
 changes in laws that provide protections that the Company relies
 on in conducting its business, it would subject the Company to
 greater risk of liability and could increase its costs of
 compliance or limit its ability to operate certain lines of
 business.

 22

Table of Contents

 RISKS
 RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S NETWORKS BUSINESS

 The loss of affiliation agreements, or renewal on less
 favorable terms, could cause the revenues of the Networks
 segment to decline in any given period, and further
 consolidation of multichannel video programming distributors
 could adversely affect the segment. 
The Networks
 segment depends on affiliation agreements with cable system
 operators, satellite distribution services, telephone companies
 and other customers (known as affiliates) for the distribution
 of its networks and services, and there can be no assurance that
 these affiliation agreements will be renewed in the future on
 terms that are acceptable to the Networks segment. The renewal
 of such agreements on less favorable terms may adversely affect
 the segment’s results of operations. In addition, the loss
 of any one of these arrangements representing a significant
 number of subscribers or the loss of carriage on the most widely
 penetrated programming tiers could reduce the distribution of
 the segment’s programming, which may adversely affect its
 advertising and subscription revenues. The loss of favorable
 packaging, positioning, pricing or other marketing opportunities
 with any affiliate of the segment’s networks also could
 reduce subscription revenues. In addition, further consolidation
 among affiliates has provided them greater negotiating power,
 and increased vertical integration of such affiliates could
 adversely affect the segment’s ability to maintain or
 obtain distribution

and/or
 marketing for its networks and services on commercially
 reasonable terms, or at all.

 The inability of the Networks segment to license rights to
 popular programming could adversely affect the segment’s
 revenues.
 The Networks segment obtains a
 significant portion of its popular programming from third
 parties. For example, some of Turner’s most widely viewed
 programming, including sports programming, is made available
 based on programming rights of varying durations that it has
 negotiated with third parties, as well as other subsidiaries of
 the Company. Competition for popular programming is intense, and
 the businesses in the segment may be outbid by their competitors
 for the rights to new popular programming or in connection with
 the renewal of popular programming they currently license. In
 addition, renewal costs could substantially exceed the existing
 contract costs. Alternatively, third parties from which the
 segment obtains programming, such as professional sports teams
 or leagues, may create their own networks, which could reduce
 the amount of available content and further intensify
 competition for licensed programming.

 Increases in the costs of programming licenses and other
 significant costs may adversely affect the gross margins of the
 Networks segment.
 The Networks segment licenses a
 significant amount of its programming, such as motion pictures,
 television series, and sports events, from movie studios,
 television production companies and sports organizations. For
 example, the Turner Networks have obtained the rights to produce
 and telecast significant sports events, such as NBA play-off
 games, Major League Baseball play-off games and a series of
 NASCAR races. If the level of demand for quality content exceeds
 the amount of quality content available, the networks may have
 to pay significantly higher licensing costs, which in turn will
 exert greater pressure on the segment to offset such increased
 costs with higher advertising

and/or
 subscription revenues. There can be no assurance that the
 Networks segment will be able to renew existing or enter into
 additional license agreements for its programming and, if so, if
 it will be able to do so on terms that are similar to existing
 terms. There also can be no assurance that it will be able to
 obtain the rights to distribute the content it licenses over new
 distribution platforms on acceptable terms. If it is unable to
 obtain such extensions, renewals or agreements on acceptable
 terms, the gross margins of the Networks segment may be
 adversely affected.

 The Networks segment produces programming, and it incurs costs
 for creative talent, including actors, writers and producers, as
 well as costs relating to development and marketing. The segment
 also incurs additional significant costs, such as production and
 newsgathering costs. The Networks segment’s failure to
 generate sufficient revenues to offset increases in the costs of
 creative talent or in development, marketing, production or
 newsgathering costs may lead to decreased profits at the
 Networks segment.

 The maturity of the U.S. video services business,
 together with rising retail rates, distributors’ focus on
 selling alternative products and other factors, could adversely
 affect the future revenue growth of the Networks
 segment. 
The U.S. video services business
 generally is a mature business, which may have a negative impact
 on the ability of the Networks segment to achieve incremental
 growth in its advertising and subscription revenues. In
 addition, programming distributors may increase their resistance
 to wholesale programming price increases, and programming
 distributors are increasingly focused on selling services other
 than video, such as high-speed data and voice services. Also,
 consumers’ basic video service rates have continued to
 increase, which could cause consumers

 23

Table of Contents

 to cancel their video service subscriptions or reduce the number
 of services they subscribe to, and the risk of this occurring
 may be greater during economic slowdowns.

 RISKS
 RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S FILMED ENTERTAINMENT
 BUSINESS

 A decrease in demand for television product could
 adversely affect Warner Bros.’
 revenues.
 Warner Bros. is a leading supplier of
 television programming. If there is a decrease in the demand for
 Warner Bros.’ television product, it could lead to the
 launch of fewer new television series and a reduction in the
 number of original programs ordered by the networks, the
 per-episode license fees generated by Warner Bros. in the near
 term and the syndication revenues generated by Warner Bros. in
 the future. Various factors may increase the risk of such a
 decrease in demand, including station group consolidation and
 vertical integration between station groups and broadcast
 networks, as well as the vertical integration of television
 production studios and broadcast networks, which can increase
 the networks’ reliance on their in-house or affiliated
 studios. In addition, the failure of ratings for the programming
 to meet expectations and the shift of viewers and advertisers
 away from network television to other entertainment and
 information outlets could adversely affect the amount and type
 (e.g., scripted drama) of original programming ordered by
 networks and the amount they are willing to pay for such
 programming. Local television stations may face loss of
 viewership and an accompanying loss of advertising revenues as
 viewers move to other entertainment outlets, which may
 negatively affect the segment’s ability to obtain the
 per-episode license fees in syndication that it has received in
 the past. Finally, the increasing popularity of local television
 content in international markets also could result in decreased
 demand, fewer available broadcast slots, and lower licensing and
 syndication revenues for U.S. television content.

 If the costs of producing and marketing feature films
 increase in the future, it may be more difficult for a film to
 generate a profit.
 The production and marketing of
 feature films require substantial capital. In recent years, the
 costs of producing feature films have generally increased. If
 production and marketing costs increase in the future, it may
 make it more difficult for the segment’s films to generate
 a profit. Such increases also create a greater need for the
 Filmed Entertainment segment to generate revenues
 internationally or from other media, such as home entertainment,
 television and new media.

 Changes in estimates of future revenues from feature films
 could result in the write-off or the acceleration of the
 amortization of film production costs.
 The Filmed
 Entertainment segment is required to amortize capitalized film
 production costs over the expected revenue streams as it
 recognizes revenues from the associated films. The amount of
 film production costs that will be amortized each quarter
 depends on how much future revenue the segment expects to
 receive from each film. Unamortized film production costs are
 evaluated for impairment each reporting period on a

film-by-film
 basis. If estimated remaining revenue is not sufficient to
 recover the unamortized film production costs plus expected but
 unincurred marketing costs, the unamortized film production
 costs will be written down to fair value. In any given quarter,
 if the segment lowers its forecast with respect to total
 anticipated revenue from any individual feature film, it would
 be required to accelerate amortization of related film costs.
 Such a write-down or accelerated amortization could adversely
 affect the operating results of the Filmed Entertainment segment.

 RISKS
 RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S PUBLISHING BUSINESS

 The Publishing segment could face increased costs and
 business disruption resulting from instability in the wholesaler
 distribution channel.
 The Publishing segment
 operates a national distribution business that relies on
 wholesalers to distribute its magazines to newsstands and other
 retail outlets. A small number of wholesalers are responsible
 for a substantial percentage of the wholesale magazine
 distribution business in the U.S. In 2008 and 2009, there
 was significantly increased instability in the wholesaler
 channel that led to one major wholesaler leaving the business
 and to certain disruptions to magazine distribution. There is
 the possibility of further consolidation among these major
 wholesalers and insolvency of or non-payment by one or more of
 these wholesalers, especially in light of the economic climate
 and its impact on retailers. Distribution channel disruptions
 can temporarily impede the Publishing segment’s ability to
 distribute magazines to the retail marketplace, which could,
 among other things, negatively affect the ability of certain
 magazines to meet the rate base established with advertisers.
 Continued

 24

Table of Contents

 disruption in the wholesaler channel, an increase in wholesaler
 costs or the failure of wholesalers to pay amounts due could
 adversely affect the Publishing segment’s operating income
 or cash flow.