.

RISKS RELATING TO TIME WARNER GENERALLY

Pending securities litigation or the failure to fulfill
the obligations under the deferred prosecution agreement with
the U.S. Department of Justice or the Consent Order with
the Securities and Exchange Commission could adversely affect
Time Warner’s operations.
 In connection with the
resolution of the investigation by the DOJ of the Company, AOL
entered into a deferred prosecution agreement with the DOJ. In
accordance with the agreement, the DOJ filed a criminal
complaint against AOL in December 2004 for the conduct of
certain employees in connection with securities fraud by
PurchasePro.com, but the DOJ will defer prosecution of AOL and
will dismiss the complaint in December 2006 provided the Company
fulfills its obligations under the deferred prosecution
agreement. For a discussion of these obligations, see
Item 3, “Legal Proceedings — Government
Investigations.” If the Company does not satisfy its
obligations, the DOJ can proceed with the prosecution of AOL for
actions in connection with PurchasePro.com, as set forth in the
complaint, and may consider additional actions against the
Company, which could have significant adverse

39

Table of Contents

effects on its operations and financial results. The Company
intends to satisfy its obligations under the deferred
prosecution agreement. In addition, in connection with the
settlement with the SEC, the Company consented to the entry of a
Consent Order requiring it to comply with federal securities
laws and regulations and the terms of an earlier order. If the
Company is found to be in violation of the Consent Order, it may
be subject to increased penalties and consequences as a result
of the prior actions. In connection with the SEC settlement, an
independent examiner was appointed to review whether the
Company’s historical accounting for certain transactions
with 17 counterparties was in conformity with GAAP. The
independent examiner has begun its review, which has been
extended and is expected to be completed in the second quarter
of 2006. Depending on the independent examiner’s
conclusions, a further restatement of the Company’s
financial statements may be necessary. It is also possible that,
so long as there are unresolved issues associated with the
Company’s financial statements, the effectiveness of any
registration statement of the Company or its affiliates may be
delayed. As of February 23, 2006, 41 putative class action and
shareholder derivative lawsuits alleging violations of federal
and state securities laws as well as purported breaches of
fiduciary duties had been filed against Time Warner, certain of
its current and former executives, past and present members of
its Board of Directors and, in certain instances, AOL. There is
also a consolidated action making allegations of ERISA
violations. The complaints purport to be made on behalf of
certain of the Company’s shareholders and allege, among
other things, that Time Warner violated various provisions of
the securities laws. There are also actions filed by individual
shareholders pending in federal and state courts. Although the
Company has reached an agreement to settle the primary
consolidated securities class action lawsuits, the settlement is
subject to final court approval, and some members of the class
have elected to “opt out” of the settlement to pursue
their claims separately. Similarly, although the parties have
reached an understanding to resolve the consolidated action
alleging ERISA violations, the settlement is subject to
definitive documentation and necessary court approvals. In
addition, the shareholder derivative and individual securities
actions remain pending and the Company is unable to predict the
outcome of these remaining related matters. The Company has
established a reserve of $3 billion, with $2.4 billion
related to the proposed settlement of the primary consolidated
securities class actions and $600 million in connection
with the remaining shareholder derivative, ERISA and securities
matters (including suits brought by individual shareholders who
decided to “opt-out” of the settlement in the primary
securities class action). The Company has paid, or agreed to
pay, approximately $335 million, before providing for any
remaining potential insurance recoveries, to settle certain of
these claims and is incurring expenses as a result of the
pending litigation. Costs associated with judgments in or
additional settlements of these matters could adversely affect
its financial condition and results of operations. See
Item 3, “Legal Proceedings — Securities
Matters.”

Several of the Company’s businesses are characterized
by rapid technological change, and if Time Warner does not
respond appropriately to technological changes, its competitive
position may be harmed.
 Time Warner’s businesses
operate in the highly competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly
changing media, entertainment, interactive services and cable
industries. Several of these businesses are to a large extent
dependent on the ability to acquire, develop, adopt, and exploit
new and existing technologies to distinguish their products and
services from those of their competitors.

The acquisition, development, adoption, exploitation and
distribution of new and existing technology may take long
periods of time and may require significant capital investments.
The Company may be required to anticipate far in advance which
technologies and equipment it should adopt for new products and
services or for future enhancements of or upgrades to its
existing products and services. If it chooses technologies or
equipment that are less effective, cost-efficient or attractive
to its customers than those chosen by its competitors, the
Company’s competitive position could deteriorate, and its
operations, business or financial results could be adversely
affected. Time Warner also may not be able to anticipate the
demand for products and services requiring new technology and
equipment. Therefore, it is possible that the Company could
select a technology that does not achieve widespread commercial
success or that its products or services will not appeal to
enough customers, will not be available at competitive prices,
will not function as expected or will not be delivered in a
timely fashion.

As a result of advances in technology or decreases in the cost
of existing technologies, the Company’s competitors may in
the future be able to provide products and services that are
similar to products and services

40

Table of Contents

now offered by the Company that those competitors currently
cannot fully match. Furthermore, advances in technology,
decreases in the cost of existing technologies or changes in
competitors’ product and service offerings also may require
the Company in the future to make additional research and
development expenditures or to offer at no additional charge or
at a lower price certain products and services the Company
currently offers to customers separately or at a premium.

The Company’s competitive position also may be adversely
affected by various timing factors, such as the ability of its
competitors to develop new technologies more quickly. In
addition, the uncertainty of the costs for obtaining
intellectual property rights from third parties could impact the
ability of the Company to respond to technological advances in a
timely manner.

The combination of increased competition, more technologically
advanced platforms, products and services, the increasing number
of choices available to consumers and the overall rate of change
in the media, entertainment, interactive services and cable
industries requires companies such as Time Warner to become more
responsive to consumer needs and to adapt more quickly to market
conditions than had been necessary in the past. The Company
could have difficulty managing these changes while at the same
time maintaining its rates of growth and profitability.

Piracy of the Company’s feature films, television
programming and other content may decrease the revenues received
from the exploitation of the Company’s entertainment
content and adversely affect its business and
profitability.
 Piracy of motion pictures, television
programming, video content and DVDs is prevalent in many parts
of the world. Technological advances allowing the unauthorized
dissemination of motion pictures, television programming and
other content in unprotected digital formats increase the threat
of piracy by making it easier to create, transmit and distribute
high quality unauthorized copies of such content. The
proliferation of unauthorized copies and piracy of the
Company’s products can have an adverse effect on its
businesses and profitability because these products reduce the
revenue that Time Warner potentially could receive from the
legitimate sale and distribution of its content. In addition, if
piracy continues to increase, it could have an adverse effect on
the Company’s business and profitability. Although piracy
adversely affects the Company’s U.S. revenues, the
impact on revenues from outside the United States is more
significant, particularly in countries where laws protective of
intellectual property rights are not strictly enforced. Time
Warner has taken, and will continue to take, a variety of
actions to combat piracy, both individually and together with
cross-industry groups, trade associations and strategic
partners. Policing the unauthorized use of the Company’s
intellectual property is often difficult, however, and the steps
taken by the Company may not prevent the infringement by and/or
piracy of unauthorized third parties in every case. There can be
no assurance that the Company’s efforts to enforce its
rights and protect its intellectual property will be successful
in reducing content piracy.

The Company is, and may be in the future, subject to
intellectual property infringement claims, which could have an
adverse impact on the Company’s business or operating
results due to a disruption in its business operations, the
incurrence of significant costs and other factors.
 From
time to time, the Company receives notices from others claiming
that it infringes their intellectual property rights, and the
number of these claims could increase in the future. Claims of
intellectual property infringement could require Time Warner to
enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms,
incur substantial monetary liability or be enjoined
preliminarily or permanently from further use of the
intellectual property in question, which could require Time
Warner to change its business practices and limit its ability to
compete effectively. Even if Time Warner believes that the
claims are without merit, the claims can be time-consuming and
costly to defend and divert management’s attention and
resources away from its businesses. In addition, agreements
entered into by the Company may require it to indemnify the
other party for certain third-party intellectual property
infringement claims, which could require the Company to expend
sums to defend against or settle such claims or, potentially, to
pay damages. If Time Warner is required to take any of these
actions, it could have an adverse impact on the Company’s
business or operating results.

Time Warner’s businesses may suffer if it cannot
continue to license or enforce the intellectual property rights
on which its businesses depend.
 The Company relies on
patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws in the United
States and similar laws in other countries, and licenses and
other agreements with its

41

Table of Contents

employees, customers, suppliers and other parties, to establish
and maintain its intellectual property rights in technology and
products and services used in its various operations. However,
any of the Company’s intellectual property rights could be
challenged or invalidated, or such intellectual property rights
may not be sufficient to permit it to take advantage of current
industry trends or otherwise to provide competitive advantages,
which could result in costly redesign efforts, discontinuance of
certain product and service offerings or other competitive harm.
Further, the laws of certain countries do not protect Time
Warner’s proprietary rights, or such laws may not be
strictly enforced. Therefore, in certain jurisdictions the
Company may be unable to protect its intellectual property
adequately against unauthorized copying or use, which could
adversely affect its competitive position. Also, because of the
rapid pace of technological change in the industries in which
the Company operates, much of the business of its various
segments relies on technologies developed or licensed by third
parties, and Time Warner may not be able to obtain or to
continue to obtain licenses from these third parties on
reasonable terms, if at all. It is also possible that, in
connection with a merger or acquisition transaction, the Company
may license its trademarks or service marks and associated
goodwill to third parties or the business of various segments
could be subject to certain restrictions in connection with such
trademarks or service marks and associated goodwill that were
not in place prior to such a transaction.

Time Warner’s international operations are subject to
increased risks that could adversely affect its business and
operating results.
 Time Warner’s businesses operate
and serve customers worldwide. There are certain risks inherent
in doing business internationally, including:

• 

 import or export restrictions and changes in trade regulations;

• 

 difficulties in developing, staffing and simultaneously managing
 a large number of foreign operations as a result of distance and
 language and cultural differences;

• 

 increased costs resulting from competition for workforce in
 certain locations;

• 

 stringent local labor laws and regulations;

• 

 longer payment cycles;

• 

 political or social unrest;

• 

 economic instability;

• 

 seasonal volatility in business activity;

• 

 risks related to government regulation;

• 

 currency exchange rate fluctuations; and

• 

 potentially adverse tax consequences.

One or more of these factors could harm the Company’s
future international operations and consequently, could harm its
business and operating results.

Weakening economic conditions or other factors could
reduce the Company’s advertising or other revenues or
hinder its ability to increase such revenues.

Expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting
general economic conditions, as well as budgeting and buying
patterns. Because several of the Company’s segments derive
a substantial portion of their revenues from the sale of
advertising, a decline or delay in advertising expenditures
could reduce the Company’s revenues or hinder its ability
to increase these revenues. Disasters, acts of terrorism,
political uncertainty or hostilities also could lead to a
reduction in advertising expenditures as a result of
uninterrupted news coverage and economic uncertainty.
Advertising expenditures by companies in certain sectors of the
economy, including the automotive, financial and pharmaceutical
industries, represent a significant portion of the
Company’s advertising revenues. Any political, economic,
social or technological change resulting in a significant
reduction in the advertising spending of these sectors could
adversely affect the Company’s advertising revenues or its
ability to increase such revenues. In addition, because many of
the products and services offered by the Company are largely
discretionary items, weakening

42

Table of Contents

economic conditions or outlook could reduce the consumption of
such products and services and reduce the Company’s
revenues.

The Company faces risks relating to competition for the
leisure and entertainment time of audiences, which has
intensified in part due to advances in technology.
 In
addition to the various competitive factors discussed in the
following paragraphs, all of the Company’s businesses are
subject to risks relating to increasing competition for the
leisure and entertainment time of consumers. The Company’s
businesses compete with each other and all other sources of
news, information and entertainment, including broadcast
television, movies, live events, radio broadcasts, home video
products, print media and the Internet. Technological
advancements, such as video on demand, new video formats and
streaming capabilities and downloading via the Internet, have
increased the number of media and entertainment choices
available to consumers and intensified the challenges posed by
audience fragmentation. The increasing number of choices
available to audiences could negatively impact not only consumer
demand for the Company’s products and services, but also
advertisers’ willingness to purchase advertising from the
Company’s businesses. If the Company does not respond
appropriately to further increases in the leisure and
entertainment choices available to consumers, it could have an
adverse effect on the Company’s competitive position and
revenues.

Several of the Company’s businesses rely heavily on
network and information systems or other technology, and a
disruption or failure of such networks, systems or technology as
a result of computer viruses, misappropriation of data or other
malfeasance, as well as outages, disasters, accidental releases
of information or similar events, may disrupt the Company’s
businesses.
 Because network and information systems and
other technologies are critical to many of Time Warner’s
operating activities, network or information system shutdowns
caused by events such as computer hacking, dissemination of
computer viruses, worms and other destructive or disruptive
software, denial of service attacks and other malicious
activity, as well as power outages, disasters, accidental
releases of information, terrorist attacks and similar events,
pose increasing risks. Such an event could have an adverse
impact on the Company and its customers, including degradation
of service, service disruption, excessive call volume to call
centers and damage to equipment and data. Such an event also
could result in large expenditures necessary to repair or
replace such networks or information systems or to protect them
from similar events in the future. Significant incidents could
result in a disruption of the Company’s operations,
customer dissatisfaction, or a loss of customers or revenues.

Furthermore, the operating activities of Time Warner’s
various businesses could be subject to risks caused by
misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification and accidental
release or loss of information maintained in the Company’s
information technology systems and networks, including customer,
personnel and vendor data. The Company could be exposed to
significant costs if such risks were to materialize, and such
events could damage the reputation and credibility of Time
Warner and its businesses. The Company also could be required to
expend significant capital and other resources to remedy any
such security breach. As a result of the increasing awareness
concerning the importance of safeguarding personal information,
the potential misuse of such information and legislation that
has been adopted or is being considered regarding the protection
and security of personal information, information-related risks
are increasing, particularly for businesses that handle a large
amount of personal customer data.

RISKS RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S AOL BUSINESS

The Company’s AOL business faces significant
competition.
 Historically, AOL’s primary product
offering has been an online subscription service that includes a
component of telephone

“dial-up”
Internet access. This product, offered under a variety of
different terms and price plans, generates the substantial
majority of AOL’s revenue. During the last several years,
the online services industry has been changing from one in which
the only way for a household to access the Internet was through
telephone

“dial-up”
Internet access provided by Internet service providers to one in
which households can access the Internet through a variety of
connection methods, such as cable modems, DSL or wireless
connections offered by a number of different providers,
including Internet service providers, cable companies and
telephone and other telecommunications companies. Additional
methods of high-speed (also referred to as broadband) Internet
access, such as wireless, mobile wireless, fiber optic cable and
power lines, are continuing to be developed and offered. As a

43

Table of Contents

result, significant price and service competition for Internet
access exists and is expected to continue in the future.

Unlike some of its competitors in the U.S., AOL does not own or
control access to the “last mile” of connectivity to
the consumer that would enable it to easily offer high-speed
access to subscribers. Therefore, in order for AOL to provide
high-speed access in the U.S., it generally must negotiate and
secure access from the providers that control the last mile of
infrastructure. In some cases, those companies provide products
competitive to AOL. To date, while AOL has reached and
implemented agreements with various high-speed access providers,
significant price and service competition exists in the offer of
high-speed Internet access services. AOL (together with the
high-speed access providers) has had limited success in
providing a competitive offering in the U.S., and there can be
no assurance that AOL will be able to compete successfully in
the future.

The success of AOL’s Audience business depends on its
ability to generate advertising revenue from increased activity
by the audience of members of the AOL service and from increased
numbers and activity of Internet users visiting AOL’s
network of portals, including AOL.com, other websites (including
certain affiliated or third-party websites), and certain related
applications and services (the AOL service and such portals,
websites, applications and services are together referred to as
the “AOL Network”). In attracting and engaging this
audience, AOL faces significant competition from the major
interactive networks provided by Google, Yahoo! and Microsoft,
other popular sites, including those provided by IAC/
InterActiveCorp and eBay, and sites focused in specific vertical
markets or commerce areas, such as shopping, auctions and
travel, many of which possess large user bases and may command
greater brand association among consumers. In addition, AOL also
competes for the time and activity of Internet users with the
traditional media companies. AOL is competing for audience with
these companies, as well as other companies, and, if these
competitors are more successful than AOL in attracting and
engaging their audiences, AOL’s advertising revenue could
be adversely affected.

Declines in subscribers to the AOL service are expected to
continue, and are expected to continue to adversely affect
AOL’s subscription and advertising revenue.
 AOL has
experienced declines in the number of subscribers to the AOL
service throughout 2003, 2004 and 2005, and expects to continue
to experience declines in the number of these subscribers for
the foreseeable future. Each year, a significant number of
subscribers of the AOL service cancel their membership or are
terminated by AOL either for non-payment of account charges or
violation of one of the terms of service that apply to members
(for example, sending spam

e-mails or violating
community guidelines in chat rooms).

AOL is not registering new members in numbers sufficient to
replace the subscribers who have canceled or have been
terminated. Registrations have been declining for several
reasons, including declining registrations in response to
AOL’s marketing campaigns, competition from broadband
access providers and reduced subscriber acquisition efforts.
Continuing decreases in new registrations could adversely affect
the rate of decline in the total number of subscribers.
Furthermore, in connection with the announcements of the
broadband agreements discussed below, AOL recently has announced
price increases for certain AOL service plans. These increases
are intended to encourage subscribers to migrate to broadband
access, but could result in a further or faster decline in the
number of subscribers or registrations to the AOL service, and
these declines could adversely affect subscription and
advertising revenue.

AOL recently has entered into agreements with high-speed
Internet access providers to offer the AOL service along with
high-speed Internet access. It is too early to determine if such
agreements will be successful attracting and retaining
subscribers. These arrangements generate less revenue than
arrangements with subscribers who purchase their narrowband
Internet access directly from AOL. In addition, it is too early
to determine whether subscribers who access the AOL service
through a broadband connection will generate more or less
activity on the AOL Network than subscribers who access the AOL
service through a narrowband connection. As part of its strategy
to attract and retain subscribers, AOL continues to enhance and
upgrade the content and features provided through the AOL
service, and AOL plans to continue to provide certain content,
features and tools that will only be available to its
subscribers. AOL also continues to

44

Table of Contents

develop, test, change, market and implement price plans, service
offerings and payment methods, as well as other strategies, to
identify effective ways to attract and retain members.

Declines in AOL’s subscribers, as well as the migration of
existing subscribers to lower-priced AOL subscription plans,
have resulted in decreased subscription revenue. The loss of
subscribers also has had an adverse impact on advertising
revenue at the AOL segment because subscribers generate
significantly more usage than non-subscriber Internet visitors
to the AOL Network. Accordingly, decreased usage due to
decreases in subscribers reduces the amount of advertising
inventory that AOL has available to sell to advertisers. If AOL
is unable to attract and retain members, it will continue to
have an adverse effect on AOL’s subscription and
advertising revenue.

If AOL is unsuccessful in increasing its advertising
revenue, AOL’s results of operations and cash flows could
be adversely affected.
 AOL will need to develop other
sources of revenue, including advertising revenue, to offset
lower revenue resulting from the decline in subscribers and the
migration of existing subscribers to lower-priced plans.
Advertising revenue will be an increasingly important source of
revenue for AOL for the foreseeable future, but increases in
advertising revenue to date have not been high enough to offset
the losses in subscription revenue and are not expected to be
sufficient to offset such losses for the foreseeable future.
AOL’s ability to increase its advertising revenue will
depend on a number of factors, including competition, the rate
of decline in the number of subscribers to the AOL service, the
ability to generate more activity on, and to attract more people
to, the AOL Network, the growth of the online advertising
business, the ability to secure and maintain agreements with
third parties for advertising and for distribution of AOL
products and services, accurate forecasting of consumer
preferences, and the ability to anticipate and keep up with
technological developments.

AOL expects that maintaining and increasing the size and value
of its U.S. and worldwide audience of subscribers and other
Internet users accessing the AOL Network will have a significant
impact on its ability to increase advertising revenue. AOL
re-launched the AOL.com website as a free portal during the
third quarter of 2005 as part of its efforts to increase the
size and value of its audience. In connection with this
re-launch, AOL moved much of its proprietary content and many of
its features and tools to the Internet, allowing all Internet
users, not just members of the AOL service, to access such
content, features and tools without charge. It is too early to
determine whether this strategy of increasing content, features
and tools available on the web through a free portal will be
successful in generating increased activity by AOL’s
audience or in maintaining or increasing its audience size.
Therefore, there can be no assurance that this strategy will
lead to an increase in advertising revenue. In addition, this
strategy could result in further declines in the number of
subscribers and the cancellation of subscriptions at a faster
rate than in the past. This could hinder AOL’s efforts to
maintain and improve its subscription business and negatively
impact both its subscription and advertising revenue.

Factors relating to competition also may hamper AOL’s
efforts to increase its advertising revenue. Although AOL has
had some success in attracting an audience outside of its member
base at Internet sites like MapQuest and Moviefone, AOL faces
significant competition from third-party Internet sites, such as
Yahoo!, in attracting Internet users to its portal. Also,
although AOL’s advertising revenue improved in 2005, the
increases were primarily due to AOL’s acquisition of
Advertising.com, which provides performance-based and brand
marketing services to online advertisers, and the paid-search
relationship AOL has with Google, including an arrangement with
AOL Europe. Increased competition for advertising inventory on
third-party Internet sites could adversely impact
Advertising.com’s continued growth. In addition, growth in
paid-search revenue depends in part on Google’s ability to
generate increased advertising revenue from search queries made
by AOL’s audience. AOL’s ability to increase
advertising revenue also depends in part on the continued
increase in Internet advertising spending by advertisers and
AOL’s ability to successfully compete for Internet
advertising expenditures.

The Company’s AOL business may not be able to
increase its revenue from the sale of premium digital
services.
 AOL’s strategy to increase revenue from
sources other than the AOL service includes continuing to sell
both new and existing premium digital services to members of the
AOL service and Internet users. The development cycles for
premium digital services may be long and could require
significant capital investments

45

Table of Contents

in addition to ongoing commitments of resources. AOL has
discontinued certain non-profitable premium digital services in
the past, and there can be no assurance that new premium digital
services will be successful. Furthermore, revenue from premium
digital services may be adversely affected by the reduction in
prices for these services or by their incorporation into the AOL
service offering rather than separate premium service offerings,
which could result from pressure from competitors who may offer
similar services over time at lower prices or at no additional
charge as part of their standard offerings. For example, a
McAfee Virus Scan Online product, which AOL previously sold
separately to subscribers, is currently provided to subscribers
to the AOL service at no additional charge. In addition, the
development and introduction of premium digital services require
AOL to operate outside of its core area of expertise and may
subject it to new regulatory requirements. AOL’s ability to
increase its revenue from the sale of premium digital services
will depend on a number of factors, including the ability, at a
reasonable cost, to acquire customers and to make Internet users
aware that they can purchase AOL’s premium digital services
without having a subscription to the AOL service. If AOL is
unable to generate revenue from premium digital services that is
greater than the cost of providing such services, its operating
results will be adversely affected.

If the Company’s AOL business is unable to acquire or
offer compelling search functionality, content, features,
services, applications and tools at reasonable costs, the size
or value of its audience may not increase as anticipated, which
could adversely affect its subscription and advertising
revenue.
 AOL believes that it must offer compelling and
differentiated search functionality, content, features,
services, applications and tools to attract and retain
subscribers and to attract Internet users to, and generate
increased activity on, the AOL Network. AOL also anticipates
that subscribers and Internet users may demand an escalating
quality of offerings. If AOL is unable to provide offerings that
are compelling to subscribers and Internet users, the size and
value of AOL’s audience may be adversely affected. With
respect to search functionality, AOL has an existing
relationship with Google, whereby Google provides its
industry-leading algorithmic search. AOL has committed that
AOL’s use of algorithmic search will be on an exclusive
basis. Although AOL retains the ability to differentiate its
search product from Google and other providers, competing search
technologies may grow in popularity, and this exclusivity in
certain circumstances may limit AOL’s flexibility to change
providers of its algorithmic search in the future. With respect
to content, although AOL has access to certain content provided
by the Company’s other businesses, it also may be required
to make substantial payments to third parties from whom it
licenses such content, and costs for such content may continue
to increase as a result of competition or for other reasons.
Further, many of AOL’s content arrangements with third
parties are non-exclusive, so competitors may be able to offer
similar or identical content. If AOL is unable to acquire or
develop compelling content at reasonable prices or if other
companies broadcast content that is similar to or the same as
that provided by AOL, the size and value of AOL’s audience
may be adversely affected. If the size and value of AOL’s
audience does not grow significantly, AOL’s subscription
and advertising revenue could be adversely affected.

More individuals are using non-PC devices to access the
Internet, and AOL must be able to secure placement of its
services, applications and features on such devices, must ensure
that they are compatible with the devices and must ensure that
the AOL Network is accessible by users of non-PC
devices.
 The number of individuals who access the
Internet through devices other than a personal computer, such as
personal digital assistants, mobile telephones and television
set-top devices, has increased significantly. AOL must be able
to secure arrangements with the device manufacturers as well as
the access providers or wireless carriers, as the case may be,
in order to ensure placement of its services, applications and
features on the non-PC devices. In addition, AOL must ensure
that its services, applications and features are technologically
compatible in order for them to be placed on such non-PC
devices. Also, the websites, applications and services included
in the AOL Network must be designed so that they are
technologically compatible with the non-PC devices in order that
users of these devices can access the AOL Network and engage in
activity. If AOL is unable to place its services, applications
and features on non-PC devices, or if AOL is unable to attract
and retain a substantial number of alternative device users to
use the AOL Network, it could have an adverse impact on
AOL’s advertising, subscription or other revenue.

The AOL segment may not be able to continue to reduce
costs.
 AOL intends to continue to identify and implement
cost reductions. While network service costs were cut
substantially in 2004 and 2005, AOL expects

46

Table of Contents

that domestic network expenses will continue to decline in 2006
but at a rate lower than in 2005. However, this decline is
expected to be more than offset by increased network expenses at
AOL Europe due to the continued migration of AOL Europe
dial-up subscribers to
bundled broadband plans for which network expenses per
subscriber are significantly higher. In addition to network
costs, AOL continues to evaluate opportunities to reduce other
costs, including but not limited to, customer service costs,
personnel costs and other technology-related costs. If AOL
cannot continue to identify and implement cost reductions, its
operating results could be adversely affected.

Changes in international, federal, state and local tax
laws and regulations, or interpretations of international,
federal, state and local tax laws and regulations, could
adversely affect AOL’s operating results.

International, federal, state and local tax laws and regulations
affecting AOL’s business, or interpretations or application
of these tax laws and regulations, could change. In addition,
new international, federal, state and local tax laws and
regulations affecting AOL’s business could be enacted. In
December 2004, the U.S. federal government enacted the
Internet Tax Nondiscrimination Act (or the ITNA), extending the
moratorium on states and other local authorities imposing access
or discriminatory taxes on the Internet through November 2007.
If the ITNA is not extended or permanently enacted, state and
local jurisdictions may seek to impose taxes on Internet access
or electronic commerce within their jurisdictions. These taxes
could adversely affect AOL’s operating results.

The Streamlined Sales Tax Project is an effort by state
governments, with input from local governments and the private
sector, to establish a simplified and uniform sales tax system
by creating uniform definitions for taxable goods and requiring
participating states and local governments to have one statewide
tax rate for each type of product. In conjunction with the
Streamlined Sales Tax Project, the U.S. Congress continues
to consider overriding a Supreme Court decision that limits the
ability of state governments to require sellers outside of their
own state to collect and remit sales taxes on goods purchased by
in-state residents. If the U.S. Congress were to enact such
legislation, it could have a negative impact on AOL’s users
and its business.

In addition, under a directive adopted by the European Union in
July 2003, certain services are subject to a Value Added Tax, or
VAT, which is levied based on the country from which the service
is provided rather than the place of consumption. If the EU
votes in the future to change its approach from the current
“place of supply” to a “place of
consumption” approach, AOL’s operating results could
be adversely affected.

RISKS RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S CABLE BUSINESS

If the proposed Adelphia acquisition and/or related
transactions with Comcast close, TWC Inc. will face certain
challenges regarding the integration of the newly acquired
systems into its existing managed systems.
 The
successful integration of these acquired systems will depend
primarily on TWC Inc.’s ability to manage the combined
operations and integrate into its operations the acquired
systems (including management information, marketing,
purchasing, accounting and finance, sales, billing, customer
support and product distribution infrastructure, personnel,
payroll and benefits, regulatory compliance and technology
systems), as well as the related control processes. The
integration of these systems, including the anticipated upgrade
of certain portions of the systems to be acquired from Adelphia,
will require significant capital expenditures and may require
TWC Inc. to use financial resources it would otherwise devote to
other business initiatives, including marketing, customer care,
the development of new products and services and the expansion
of its existing cable systems. Furthermore, these integration
efforts will require substantial attention from TWC Inc.’s
management and may impose significant strains on its technical
resources.

In addition, when appropriate, TWC Inc. intends to selectively
pursue strategic acquisitions of additional cable systems as
part of its growth strategy. Time Warner cannot predict whether
TWC Inc. will be successful in buying additional cable systems.
If TWC Inc. were to acquire a significant number of additional
cable systems prior to completing the integration of the systems
proposed to be acquired from Adelphia and Comcast, the
integration of the systems proposed to be acquired from Adelphia
and Comcast, as well as such additional systems, could be
further complicated. If TWC Inc. fails to integrate successfully
systems acquired from Adelphia, Comcast or others, fails to
manage its growth as a result of these acquisitions or
encounters unexpected difficulties during that growth, it could
have a negative impact on the performance of TWC Inc.’s

47

Table of Contents

systems (including the systems to be acquired in the Adelphia
and Comcast transactions), as well as on the operations,
business or financial results of Time Warner.

TWC Inc. also faces certain integration challenges in connection
with the internal control over financial reporting and
disclosure controls and procedures that have been implemented
with respect to the systems to be acquired from Adelphia. The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires public companies, among
other things, to implement and maintain policies and procedures
pertaining to the maintenance of records that reflect the
company’s transactions and disposition of assets in order
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles such that, among other things, (1) transactions
are accurately and fairly recorded to permit the preparation of
financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles and receipts and expenditures are
made only when properly authorized and (2) unauthorized
transactions involving the acquisition, use or disposition of
assets that could have a material adverse effect on the
company’s financial statements are prevented or detected in
a timely manner. Adelphia has disclosed in its Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2004 (filed with the SEC on
October 6, 2005) that it has identified material weaknesses
in its internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2004 and that, as of such date, Adelphia did
not maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting. While Adelphia has agreed to use reasonable efforts
to implement effective internal control over financial reporting
prior to the consummation of the proposed transactions, such
policies and procedures may not be in place when TWC Inc.
acquires such systems in the proposed transactions. As a result,
TWC Inc. may be required to devote significant time and
resources to implementing such controls, which will further
complicate the integration of the Adelphia systems with its
existing managed systems, and TWC Inc. cannot ensure that it
will be able to put such controls in place in a timely fashion.

If the proposed Adelphia acquisition and/or related
transactions with Comcast close, TWC Inc. may not realize the
anticipated benefits of such transactions.
 The proposed
Adelphia acquisition and related transactions with Comcast will
combine cable systems of three companies that have previously
operated separately. Time Warner expects that TWC Inc. will
realize cost savings and other financial and operating benefits
as a result of the proposed transactions. However, due to the
complexity of and risks relating to the integration of these
systems, among other factors, Time Warner cannot predict with
certainty when these cost savings and benefits will occur or the
extent to which they actually will be achieved, if at all.

In introducing voice services over its cable systems, TWC
Inc. faces risks inherent to entering into a new line of
business.
 TWC Inc. completed a launch of its Digital
Phone service during 2004. During 2005, it added 880,000 Digital
Phone subscribers, ending the year with 1.1 million
subscribers. Managing the growth of a product with which it has
only limited operating experience may present significant
challenges, and TWC Inc. may encounter unforeseen difficulties
as it introduces the product in new operating areas or increases
the scale of its offering in areas in which it has launched.
First, TWC Inc. faces heightened customer expectations for the
reliability of voice services as compared with its video and
high-speed data services. TWC Inc. has undertaken significant
training of customer service representatives and technicians,
and it will need to continue to have a highly trained workforce.
To ensure reliable service, TWC Inc. may need to increase its
expenditures, including on technology, equipment and personnel.
If the service is not sufficiently reliable or TWC Inc.
otherwise fails to meet customer expectations, the Digital Phone
business could be adversely affected. Second, the competitive
landscape for voice services is intense, with TWC Inc. facing
competition from providers of Internet phone services, as well
as incumbent local telephone companies, cellular telephone
service providers and others. See “TWC Inc. faces a wide
range of competition, which could affect the future results of
operations of TWC Inc.” Third, the Digital Phone service
depends on interconnection and related services provided by
certain third parties. As a result, TWC Inc.’s ability to
implement changes as the service grows may be limited. In
addition, in January 2006, MCI, Inc., one of TWC Inc.’s two
interconnect and provisioning partners in the Digital Phone
business, merged with Verizon Communications Inc., a regional
phone company that competes with TWC Inc.’s offerings in
some areas. It is currently not known whether, or to what
extent, the merger will have any negative impact on the Digital
Phone products and operations. Finally, the Company expects
advances in communications technology, as well as changes in the
marketplace and the regulatory and legislative environment.
Consequently, the Company is unable to predict the effect that

48

Table of Contents

ongoing or future developments in these areas might have on the
Cable segment’s voice business and operations.

In addition, TWC Inc.’s launch of voice services in the
cable systems expected to be acquired in the Adelphia and
Comcast transactions may pose certain risks. TWC Inc. may not be
able to provide its Digital Phone service in some of the
acquired systems without first upgrading the facilities. In such
cases, TWC Inc. will be required to upgrade, or otherwise
prepare, the facilities prior to launching any Digital Phone
services. Additionally, TWC Inc. may need to obtain certain
services from third parties prior to deploying Digital Phone
services in the acquired cable systems. If TWC Inc. encounters
difficulties in launching voice services in these acquired
systems, its operations, business or financial results may be
adversely affected.

Increases in programming costs could adversely affect TWC
Inc.’s operations, business or financial results.

Programming has been, and is expected to continue to be, one of
TWC Inc.’s largest operating expense items. In recent
years, TWC Inc. has experienced sharp increases in the cost of
programming, particularly sports programming. The increases are
expected to continue due to a variety of factors, including
inflationary and negotiated annual increases, additional
programming being provided to subscribers, and increased costs
to purchase new programming.

Programming cost increases that TWC Inc. is unable to pass on
fully to its subscribers have had, and will continue to have, an
adverse impact on cash flow and operating margins. Current and
future programming providers that provide content that is
desirable to TWC Inc. subscribers may enter into exclusive
affiliation agreements with TWC Inc.’s cable and non-cable
competitors and may be unwilling to enter into affiliation
agreements with TWC Inc. on acceptable terms, if at all.

In addition, increased demands by owners of some broadcast
stations for carriage of other services or payments to those
broadcasters for retransmission consent could further increase
TWC Inc.’s programming costs. Federal law allows commercial
television broadcast stations to make an election between
“must-carry” rights and an alternative
“retransmission-consent” regime. When a station opts
for the latter, cable operators are not allowed to carry the
station’s signal without the station’s permission. TWC
Inc. currently has multi-year agreements with most of the
retransmission-consent stations that it carries. In other cases,
TWC Inc. carries stations under short-term arrangements while it
attempts to negotiate new long-term retransmission agreements.
If negotiations with these programmers prove unsuccessful, they
could require TWC Inc. to cease carrying their signals, possibly
for an indefinite period. Any loss of stations could make TWC
Inc.’s video service less attractive to subscribers, which
could result in less subscription and advertising revenue. In
retransmission-consent negotiations, broadcasters often
condition consent with respect to one station on carriage of one
or more other stations or programming services in which they or
their affiliates have an interest. Carriage of these other
services may increase TWC Inc.’s programming expenses and
diminish the amount of spectrum it has available to introduce
new services, which may reduce its future revenue.

TWC Inc. faces a wide range of competition, which could
affect the future results of operations of TWC Inc.
 The
industry in which TWC Inc. operates is highly competitive and
has become more so in recent years. TWC Inc. faces intense
competition with respect to its video services, particularly
from 
direct-to-home
satellite providers, with respect to its high-speed data
services, particularly from incumbent local telephone companies
and other providers of DSL service and, with respect to its
Digital Phone service, particularly from incumbent local
telephone companies and Internet phone providers.

The multi-channel video service business is relatively mature,
and TWC Inc. competes with a number of types of businesses that
provide video services. Because of the broad footprint of
satellite providers, TWC Inc. competes with satellite providers
for video subscribers in almost all of the geographic areas
served by its cable systems. Technological advancements may, in
the future, allow satellite providers to offer certain products
and services that are similar to or better than advanced
products and services currently available on cable systems, such
as video-on-demand. In
the future, TWC Inc.’s traditional video services may also
compete with video services delivered over broadband internet
connections. TWC Inc. also may face significant competition from
one or more other providers of paid television services, such as
satellite-master antenna television. From time to time, TWC Inc.
also faces competition from other cable operators that provide
service in some TWC Inc. franchise areas under non-exclusive
franchise agreements. In addition, local telephone companies are
seeking

49

Table of Contents

to compete in the subscription television business, either
through co-marketing arrangements with satellite operators or
directly, and they may increase their efforts to do so in the
future. In particular, a number of incumbent local telephone
companies are in the process of fiber upgrades to their networks
that enable the delivery of video services direct to consumer
residences, and a number of these companies have begun offering
video services. TWC Inc.’s video service business also
faces competition from broadcast companies distributing
television broadcast signals without a subscription fee and from
other communications and entertainment media, including
conventional radio broadcasting services, newspapers, movie
theaters, the Internet, live sports events and home video
products.

TWC Inc.’s high-speed data (or HSD) service faces
competition from DSL providers, Wi-Fi broadband providers,
Internet over power line providers, as well as from providers of
traditional dial-up
Internet access. Some Internet service providers carried by TWC
Inc. also may be available from DSL providers operating in TWC
Inc.’s service area, which may enhance DSL’s ability
to compete with TWC Inc.’s offerings. For example, AOL,
whose online services are available in conjunction with TWC
Inc.’s high-speed data service, recently announced that it
had entered into new arrangements with several DSL providers
that compete with TWC Inc. for high-speed data customers. A
number of incumbent local telephone companies are in the process
of fiber upgrades to their networks that enable the delivery of
high speed data services in a manner that may provide greater
speed and reliability than these companies’ existing DSL
offerings. TWC Inc. also faces HSD service competition from
other cable operators who provide service in TWC Inc. operating
areas, satellite providers, terrestrial wireless providers and
power companies, all of which currently, or may in the future,
offer HSD service. Some municipalities also have announced their
intentions to create wireless broadband networks that could
compete with TWC Inc.’s high-speed data service. In
addition, satellite providers have entered into marketing
arrangements with incumbent local telephone companies or other
providers of DSL and voice services to provide packaged digital
video, HSD and voice services to compete with TWC Inc.’s
bundled service offerings.

TWC Inc.’s Digital Phone service faces intense competition
for voice customers from incumbent local telephone companies,
cellular telephone service providers, Internet phone providers
and others. The incumbent local telephone companies have
substantial capital and other resources, as well as longstanding
customer relationships. Some of these competitors also offer HSD
services and have entered into co-marketing arrangements with
direct-to-home
satellite service providers to offer video services, and some
are in the process of fiber upgrades to their networks that
enable the direct delivery of video services, together with
their telephone and DSL offerings. Such bundled offerings by
telephone companies may compete with TWC Inc.’s offerings
and could adversely impact TWC Inc. In addition, in January
2006, MCI, one of TWC Inc.’s two interconnect and
provisioning partners in the Digital Phone business, merged with
Verizon, a regional phone company that competes with TWC Inc. in
some areas. It is currently not known whether, or to what
extent, the proposed acquisition will have any negative impact
on TWC Inc.’s Digital Phone, or other, business and
operations.

In addition, future advances in technology, as well as changes
in the marketplace and the regulatory and legislative
environment may result in changes to the competitive landscape.

Any inability to compete effectively or an increase in
competition with respect to video, voice or HSD services could
have an adverse effect on the Cable segment’s financial
results and return on capital expenditures due to possible
increases in the cost of gaining and retaining subscribers and
lower per-subscriber revenue. In addition, any inability to
compete effectively or an increase in competition may slow or
cause a decline in TWC Inc.’s growth rates, reduce the
number of TWC Inc. subscribers or reduce TWC Inc.’s ability
to increase its penetration rates for services. As TWC Inc.
expands and introduces new and enhanced products and services,
TWC Inc. may be subject to competition from other providers of
those products and services, such as telecommunications
providers, ISPs and consumer electronics companies, among
others. The Company cannot predict the extent to which this
competition will affect the Cable segment’s future
financial results or return on capital expenditures. See
“Business — Cable — Competition.”

TWC Inc.’s business is subject to extensive
governmental regulation, which could adversely affect its
business.
 TWC Inc.’s video and Digital Phone
services are subject to extensive regulation by federal, state,

50

Table of Contents

and local governmental agencies. In addition, the federal
government also has begun to explore possible regulation of high
speed data services. TWC Inc. expects that legislative
enactments, court actions, and regulatory proceedings will
continue to clarify and in some cases change the rights of cable
companies and other entities providing video, voice, and data
services under the Communications Act of 1934, as amended, and
other laws, possibly in ways that it has not foreseen. The
results of these legislative, judicial, and administrative
actions may materially affect TWC Inc.’s business
operations in areas such as:

•  

 Cable Franchising. Different legislative proposals have
 been made at the federal level and in a number of states (and
 enacted in Texas) that would streamline cable franchising to
 facilitate entry by new competitors, particularly local
 telephone companies. To the extent that such legislation enables
 competitors to compete more easily and possibly on more
 favorable terms for video and other customers, TWC Inc.’s
 operations could be materially and adversely affected.

•  

 Net Neutrality. Although the broadband Internet services
 industry has largely remained unregulated, there has been
 legislative and regulatory interest in adopting so-called
 “net neutrality” principles that could, among other
 things, prohibit service providers from slowing or blocking
 access to certain content, applications, or services available
 on the Internet and otherwise limit their ability to manage
 their networks efficiently and develop new products and
 services. The FCC last year adopted a non-binding policy
 statement expressing its view that consumers are entitled to
 access lawful Internet content and to run applications and use
 services of their choice, subject to the needs of law
 enforcement. If some form of net neutrality legislation or
 regulations were adopted, it could impair TWC Inc.’s
 ability to effectively manage its broadband network and explore
 enhanced service options for customers.

•  

 À La Carte. There has been legislative interest
 in requiring cable operators to offer historically bundled
 programming services on an à la carte basis. It is also
 possible that the FCC could in the future seek to adopt rules
 regulating programming bundles that could materially and
 adversely affect TWC Inc.’s operations.

•  

 Carriage Regulations. Cable operators face significant
 regulation of their channel carriage, including local broadcast
 signals; public, educational and government access programming;
 and unaffiliated commercial leased access programming.
 Additional government-mandated broadcast carriage
 obligations — such as the requirement to carry both
 the analog and digital versions of local broadcast signals (dual
 carriage) or to carry multiple program streams within a single
 digital broadcast transmission (multicast carriage) —
 could disrupt existing programming commitments, interfere with
 TWC Inc.’s preferred use of limited channel capacity, and
 limit its ability to offer services that would maximize customer
 appeal and revenue potential.

•  

 Voice Communications. Traditional providers of voice
 services generally are subject to significant regulations. If
 such regulations are applied to cable operators offering voice
 services, their compliance with such regulations may be
 difficult or costly. For example, regulators could allow utility
 pole owners to charge cable operators offering voice services
 higher rates for pole rental than are allowed for cable and
 high-speed data services. Although the FCC has declared that
 certain Voice over Internet Protocol (or VoIP) services are not
 subject to certification or tariffing requirements by state
 public utility commissions, the full extent of this preemption
 is unclear. The FCC subsequently has determined that VoIP
 providers must comply with traditional 911 emergency service
 obligations and imposed a specific timeframe for VoIP providers
 to accommodate law enforcement wiretaps. To the extent that
 additional regulatory burdens are imposed on VoIP providers or
 services, TWC Inc.’s operations could be adversely affected.

RISKS RELATING TO BOTH THE TIME WARNER

NETWORKS AND FILMED ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESSES

The Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments must
respond to recent and future changes in technology, services and
standards to remain competitive and continue to increase their
revenue.
 Technology

51

Table of Contents

in the video, telecommunications and data services used in the
entertainment industry is changing rapidly, and advances in
technology, such as
video-on-demand, new
video formats and distribution via the Internet, have led to
alternative methods of product delivery and storage. Certain
changes in consumer behavior driven by these methods of delivery
and storage could have a negative effect on the revenue of the
Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments. For example, devices
that allow users to view television programs or motion pictures
from a remote location may cause changes in consumer behavior
that could negatively affect the subscription revenue of cable
and DTH satellite operators and therefore have a corresponding
negative effect on the subscription revenue generated by the
Networks segment and the licensing revenue generated by the
Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments. Devices that enable
users to view television programs or motion pictures on a
time-delayed basis or allow them to fast-forward or skip
advertisements may cause changes in consumer behavior that could
adversely affect the advertising revenue of the
advertising-supported networks in the Networks segment and have
an indirect negative impact on the licensing revenue generated
by the Filmed Entertainment segment and the revenue generated by
Home Box Office from the licensing of its original
programming in syndication and to basic cable channels. In
addition, further increased use of portable digital devices that
allow users to view content of their own choice, at a time of
their choice, while avoiding traditional commercial
advertisements, could adversely affect such advertising and
licensing revenue.

Technological developments also pose other challenges for the
Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments that could adversely
impact their revenue and competitive position. For example, the
Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments may not have the
right, and may not be able to secure the right, to distribute
their licensed content across new delivery platforms that are
developed. In addition, technological developments could enable
third-party owners of programming to bypass traditional content
aggregators, such as the Turner networks and Home
Box Office, and deal directly with cable and DTH satellite
operators or other businesses that develop to offer content to
viewers. Such limitations on the ability of the segments to
distribute their content could have an adverse impact on their
revenue. Cable system and DTH satellite operators are developing
new techniques that enable them to transmit more channels on
their existing equipment to highly targeted audiences, reducing
the cost of creating channels and potentially furthering the
development of more specialized niche audiences. A greater
number of options increases competition for viewers, and
competitors targeting programming to narrowly defined audiences
may improve their competitive position compared to the Networks
and Filmed Entertainment segments for television advertising and
for subscription and licensing revenue. The ability to
anticipate and adapt to changes in technology on a timely basis
and exploit new sources of revenue from these changes will
affect the ability of the Networks and Filmed Entertainment
segments to continue to grow and increase their revenue.

The Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments operate in
highly competitive industries.
 The Company’s
Networks and Filmed Entertainment businesses generate revenue
through the production and distribution of feature films,
television programming and home video products, licensing fees,
the sale of advertising and subscriber fees paid by affiliates.
Competition faced by the businesses within these segments is
intense and comes from many different sources. For example:

• 

 The Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments compete with
 other television programming services for marketing and
 distribution by cable and other distribution systems.

• 

 The Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments compete for
 viewers’ attention and audience share with other forms of
 programming provided to viewers, including broadcast networks,
 local over-the-air
 television stations, pay and basic cable television services,
 motion pictures, home video, pay-per-view and

video-on-demand
 services, online activities and other forms of news, information
 and entertainment.

• 

 The Networks segment faces competition for programming with
 commercial television networks, independent stations, and pay
 and basic cable television services, some of which have
 exclusive contracts with motion picture studios and independent
 motion picture distributors.

• 

 The production divisions in the Networks and Filmed
 Entertainment segments compete with other producers and
 distributors of television programming for air time on broadcast
 networks, independent commercial television stations, and cable
 television and DTH satellite networks.

52

Table of Contents

• 

 The production divisions in the Networks and Filmed
 Entertainment segments compete with other production companies
 for the services of producers, directors, writers, actors and
 others and for the acquisition of literary properties.

• 

 The advertising-supported networks and Turner’s Internet
 sites in the Networks segment compete for advertising with
 numerous direct competitors and other media.

• 

 The Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments compete in their
 character merchandising and other licensing activities with
 other licensors of character, brand and celebrity names.

• 

 The Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments compete for
 viewers’ attention with other forms of entertainment and
 leisure time activities, including video games, the Internet and
 other computer-related activities.

The ability of the Company’s Networks and Filmed
Entertainment segments to compete successfully depends on many
factors, including their ability to provide high-quality and
popular entertainment product and their ability to achieve high
distribution levels. There has been consolidation in the media
industry, and the Company’s Networks and Filmed
Entertainment segments’ competitors include industry
participants with interests in other multiple media businesses
that are often vertically integrated. Vertical integration of
other television networks and television and film production
companies could adversely impact the Networks segment if it
hinders the ability of the Networks segment to obtain
programming for its networks. In addition, if purchasers of
programming increasingly purchase their programming from
production companies with which they are affiliated, such
vertical integration could have a negative effect on the Filmed
Entertainment segment’s licensing revenue. Furthermore, as
described above, there is increased competition in the
television industry evidenced by the increasing number and
variety of broadcast networks and basic cable and pay television
programming services now available. Although this increase could
result in greater licensing revenue for the Filmed Entertainment
segment, it also could result in higher licensing costs for the
Networks segment. There can be no assurance that the Networks
and Filmed Entertainment segments will be able to compete
successfully in the future against existing or potential
competitors, or that competition will not have an adverse effect
on their businesses or results of operations.

The popularity of the Company’s television programs
and films and other factors is difficult to predict and could
lead to fluctuations in the revenue of the Networks and Filmed
Entertainment segments.
 Television program and film
production and distribution are inherently risky businesses
largely because the revenue derived from the production and
distribution of a television program or motion picture, as well
as the licensing of rights to the intellectual property
associated with a program or film, depends primarily on its
acceptance by the public, which is difficult to predict. The
commercial success of a television program or feature film also
depends on the quality and acceptance of other competing
programs and films released at or near the same time, the
availability of alternate forms of entertainment and leisure
time activities, general economic conditions and other tangible
and intangible factors, many of which are difficult to predict.
In the case of the Turner networks, audience sizes are also
factors that are weighed when determining their advertising
rates. Poor ratings in targeted demographics can lead to a
reduction in pricing and advertising spending. Further, the
theatrical success of a motion picture may affect revenue from
other distribution channels, such as home entertainment and pay
television programming services, and sales of licensed consumer
products. Therefore, low public acceptance of the television
programs or feature films of the Networks and Filmed
Entertainment segments may adversely affect their respective
results of operations.

The Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments are subject
to potential labor interruption.
 The Networks and Filmed
Entertainment segments and certain of their suppliers retain the
services of writers, directors, actors, trade employees and
others involved in the production of motion pictures and
television programs who are covered by collective bargaining
agreements. If expiring collective bargaining agreements are not
renewed, it is possible that the affected unions could take
action in the form of strikes, work slowdowns or work stoppages.
Such actions could cause delays in the production or the release
date of the segments’ television programs or feature films
as well as higher costs resulting either from such action or
less favorable terms of these agreements on renewal.

53

Table of Contents

Although piracy poses risks to several of Time
Warner’s businesses, such risks are especially significant
for the Networks and Filmed Entertainment segments due to the
prevalence of piracy of feature films and television
programming.
 See “Risks Relating to Time Warner
Generally — Piracy of the Company’s feature
films, television programming and other content may decrease the
revenues received from the exploitation of the Company’s
entertainment content and adversely affect its business and
profitability.”

RISKS RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S FILMED ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS

Box office receipts and the growth rate of DVD sales have
recently been declining, which may adversely affect the Filmed
Entertainment segment’s growth prospects and results of
operations.
 Several factors, including increasing
competition for consumer discretionary spending, piracy, the
maturation of the DVD format, increased competition for retailer
shelf space and the fragmentation of consumer leisure time, may
be contributing to a recent industry-wide decline in box office
receipts and in a reduced growth rate of DVD sales. DVD sales
also may be affected by consumer anticipation of the release of
next-generation, high-definition, optical disc formats. The
potential format war between such next-generation formats may
slow consumer adoption of those formats once they launch and may
likewise result in increased competition for retailer shelf
space. In addition, there can be no assurance that home video
wholesale prices can be maintained at current levels due to
aggressive retail pricing or other factors. A continuing decline
in attendance by moviegoers and in DVD sales growth could have
an adverse impact on the segment’s results of operations
and growth prospects.

The Filmed Entertainment segment’s strategy includes
the release of a limited number of “event” films each
year, and the underperformance of one or more of these films
could have an adverse effect on the Filmed Entertainment
segment’s results of operations and financial
condition.
 The Filmed Entertainment segment expects to
theatrically release a limited number of feature films each year
that are expected to be “event” or
“tent-pole” films and that generally have higher
production and marketing costs than the other films released
during the year. The underperformance of one of these films can
have an adverse impact on the segment’s results of
operations in both the year of release and in the future.
Historically, there has been a correlation between domestic box
office success and international box office success, as well as
a correlation between box office success and success in the
subsequent distribution channels of home video and television.
If the segment’s films fail to achieve box office success,
the results of operations and financial condition of the Filmed
Entertainment segment could be adversely affected. Further,
there can be no assurance that these historical correlations
will continue in the future.

The costs of producing and marketing feature films have
increased and may increase in the future, which may make it more
difficult for a film to generate a profit.
 The
production and marketing of feature films require substantial
capital, and the costs of producing and marketing feature films
have generally increased in recent years. These costs may
continue to increase in the future, which may make it more
difficult for the segment’s films to generate a profit. As
production and marketing costs increase, it creates a greater
need to generate revenue internationally or from other media,
such as home video, television and new media.

Changes in estimates of future revenues from feature films
could result in the write-off or the acceleration of the
amortization of film production costs.
 The Filmed
Entertainment segment is required to amortize capitalized film
production costs over the expected revenue streams as it
recognizes revenue from the associated films. The amount of film
production costs that will be amortized each quarter depends on
how much future revenue the segment expects to receive from each
film. Unamortized film production costs are evaluated for
impairment each reporting period on a film-by-film basis. If
estimated remaining revenue is not sufficient to recover the
unamortized film production costs plus expected but unincurred
marketing costs, the unamortized film production costs will be
written down to fair value. In any given quarter, if the segment
lowers its forecast with respect to total anticipated revenue
from any individual feature film, it would be required to
accelerate amortization of related film costs. Such a write-down
or accelerated amortization could adversely impact the operating
results of the Filmed Entertainment segment.

A decrease in demand for television product could
adversely affect Warner Bros.’ revenues.
 Warner
Bros. is a leading supplier of television programming. If there
is a decrease in the demand for Warner Bros.’

54

Table of Contents

television product, it could lead to the launch of fewer new
television series and the reduction of license fees in the near
term and a reduction in syndication revenues in the future.
Various factors may increase the risk of such a decrease,
including station group consolidation and vertical integration
between station groups and broadcast networks, as well as the
vertical integration between television production studios and
broadcast networks, which can increase reliance by networks on
their in-house or affiliated studios.

RISKS RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S NETWORKS BUSINESS

The loss of affiliation agreements could cause the revenue
of the Networks segment to decline in any given period, and
further consolidation of multichannel video programming
distributors could adversely affect the segment.
 The
Networks segment depends on affiliation agreements with cable
system and DTH satellite operators for the distribution of its
networks, and there can be no assurance that these affiliation
agreements will be renewed in the future on terms that are
acceptable to the Networks segment. The renewal of such
agreements on less favorable terms may adversely affect the
segment’s results of operations. In addition, the loss of
any one of these arrangements representing a significant number
of subscribers or the loss of carriage on the most widely
penetrated programming tiers could reduce the distribution of
the segment’s programming, which may adversely affect its
advertising and subscription revenue. The loss of favorable
packaging, positioning, pricing or other marketing opportunities
with any distributor of the segment’s networks also could
reduce subscription revenue. In addition, further consolidation
among cable system and DTH satellite operators has provided
greater negotiating power to such distributors, and increased
vertical integration of such distributors could adversely affect
the segment’s ability to maintain or obtain distribution
and/or marketing for its networks on commercially reasonable
terms, or at all.

The inability of the Networks segment to license rights to
popular programming or create popular original programming could
adversely affect the segment’s revenue.
 The
Networks segment obtains a significant portion of its popular
programming from third parties. For example, some of
Turner’s most widely viewed programming, including sports
programming, is made available based on programming rights of
varying durations that it has negotiated with third parties.
Home Box Office also enters into commitments to acquire
rights to feature films and other programming for its HBO and
Cinemax pay television programming services from feature film
producers and other suppliers for varying durations. Competition
for popular programming licensed from third parties is intense,
and the businesses in the segment may be outbid by their
competitors for the rights to new popular programming or in
connection with the renewal of popular programming they
currently license. In addition, renewal costs could
substantially exceed the existing contract costs. Alternatively,
third parties from which the segment obtains programming, such
as professional sports teams or leagues, could create their own
networks.

The operating results of the Networks segment also fluctuate
with the popularity of its programming with the public, which is
difficult to predict. Revenue from the segment’s businesses
is therefore partially dependent on the segment’s ability
to develop strong brand awareness and to target key areas of the
television viewing audience, including both newer demographics
and preferences for particular genres, as well as its ability to
continue to anticipate and adapt to changes in consumer tastes
and behavior on a timely basis. Moreover, the Networks segment
derives a portion of its revenue from the exploitation of the
Company’s library of feature films, animated titles and
television titles. If the content of the Company’s
programming libraries ceases to be of interest to audiences or
is not continuously replenished with popular original content,
the revenue of the Networks segment could be adversely affected.

Increases in the costs of programming licenses and other
significant costs may adversely affect the gross margins of the
Networks segment.
 As described above, the Networks
segment licenses a significant amount of its programming, such
as motion pictures, television series, and sports events, from
movie studios, television production companies and sports
organizations. For example, the Turner networks license the
rights to broadcast significant sports events such as NBA
play-offs and a series of NASCAR races. In addition, Home Box
Office relies on film studios for a significant portion of its
content. If the level of demand for quality content exceeds the
amount of quality content available, the networks may have to
pay significantly higher licensing costs, which in turn will
exert greater pressure on the segment to offset such increased
costs with

55

Table of Contents

higher advertising and/or subscription revenue. There can be no
assurance that the Networks segment will be able to renew
existing or enter into additional license agreements for its
programming and, if so, if it will be able to do so on terms
that are similar to existing terms. There also can be no
assurance that it will be able to obtain the rights to
distribute the content it licenses over new distribution
platforms on acceptable terms. If it is unable to obtain such
extensions, renewals or agreements on acceptable terms, the
gross margins of the Networks segment may be adversely affected.

The Networks segment also produces programming, and it incurs
costs for new show concepts and all types of creative talent,
including actors, writers and producers. The segment incurs
additional significant costs, such as newsgathering and
marketing costs. Unless they are offset by increased revenue,
increases in the costs of creative talent or in production,
newsgathering or marketing costs may lead to decreased profits
at the Networks segments.

The continued decline in the growth rate of
U.S. basic cable and DTH satellite households, together
with rising retail rates, distributors’ focus on selling
alternative products and other factors, could adversely affect
the future revenue growth of the Networks segment.
 The
U.S. video services business generally is a mature
business, which may have a negative impact on the ability of the
Networks segment to achieve incremental growth in its
advertising and subscription revenues. In addition, programming
distributors may increase their resistance to wholesale
programming price increases, and programming distributors are
increasingly focused on selling services other than video, such
as high-speed data access and voice services. Also,
consumers’ basic cable rates have continued to increase,
which could cause consumers to cancel their cable or satellite
service subscriptions. The inability of the Networks segment to
implement measures to maintain future revenue growth may
adversely affect its business.

Changes in U.S. or foreign communications laws or
other regulations may have an adverse effect on the business of
the Networks segment.
 The multichannel video programming
and distribution industries in the United States, as well as
broadcast networks, are regulated by U.S. federal laws and
regulations issued and administered by various federal agencies,
including the FCC. For example, federal legislation and FCC
rules limit the amount and content of commercial material that
may be shown on cable, satellite and broadcast network channels
during programming designed for children 12 years of age
and younger. In November 2004, the FCC issued rules that would,
as of January 1, 2006, classify promotions aired during
children’s programming on a channel for other programs also
aired on that channel as commercial material unless the programs
being promoted are educational or informational, as defined
under FCC rules. If not clarified, these rules could have an
adverse impact on Turner’s children-oriented programming,
including children’s programs on the Cartoon Network,
because they would require a reduction of promotional or
advertising time during such programming. The rules also would:
(1) limit the display during children’s cable
programming of the Internet addresses of websites that primarily
contain or link to commercial material, including the websites
for the segment’s cable channels, and (2) prohibit
during children’s programming the display of Internet
addresses of websites that contain host selling, as defined
under FCC rules. These rules, if not clarified, could have an
adverse impact on the segment’s revenue from its websites
for children. Time Warner and several other companies have
proposed to the FCC a clarified set of rules relating to these
issues, based on an agreement with a coalition of advocacy
groups about the appropriate scope of the rules. This agreement
would: (1) count promotions for children’s and other
age-appropriate programming on the same channel, and educational
and information programming on any channel, as non-commercial
time; (2) retain the limit on the display of website
addresses in children’s programming for non-compliant
websites; and (3) limit the applicability of the host
selling rule to pages mixing program-related editorial content
and ads or products featuring that program or its characters, if
the website address is referenced during or adjacent to that
program. Jointly, all parties have asked the FCC to reconsider
both rules and have been granted a stay of the effective date of
the rules while the FCC considers whether to amend them as
proposed by the parties.

In addition, the U.S. Congress and the FCC currently are
considering, and may in the future adopt, new laws, regulations
and policies regarding a wide variety of matters that could,
directly or indirectly, affect the operations of the Networks
segment. For example, the FCC has been examining whether cable
operators should offer “à la carte” programming
to subscribers on a network-by-network basis or provide
“family-friendly” tiers. A number of cable operators,
including TWC Inc., have voluntarily agreed to offer family tiers

56

Table of Contents

in light of this interest. The unbundling or tiering of program
services may reduce distribution of certain cable networks,
thereby creating the risk of reduced viewership and increased
marketing expenses, and may affect the segment’s ability to
compete for or attract the same level of advertising dollars.
Any decline in subscribers could lead to a decrease in the
segment’s advertising and subscription revenues.

There also has been consideration of the extension of indecency
rules applicable to
over-the-air
broadcasters to cable and satellite programming and stricter
enforcement of existing laws and rules. If such an extension or
attempt to increase enforcement occurred and were upheld, the
content of the Networks segment could be subject to additional
regulation, which could affect subscriber and viewership levels.
Moreover, the determination of whether content is indecent is
inherently subjective and, as such, it can be difficult to
predict whether particular content would violate indecency
standards. The difficulty in predicting whether individual
programs, words or phrases may violate the FCC’s indecency
rules adds uncertainty to the ability of the Networks segment to
comply with the rules. Violation of the indecency rules could
lead to sanctions that may adversely affect the businesses and
results of operations of the Networks segment.

RISKS RELATING TO TIME WARNER’S PUBLISHING BUSINESS

The Publishing segment’s operating income could
decrease as a result of increases in paper costs and postal
rates.
 The Publishing segment’s principal raw
material is paper, and paper prices have fluctuated over the
past several years. Accordingly, significant unanticipated
increases in paper prices could adversely affect the
segment’s operating income. Postage for magazine
distribution and direct solicitation is another significant
operating expense of the Publishing segment, which primarily
uses the U.S. Postal Service to distribute its products.
The U.S. Postal Service implemented a postal rate increase
of 5.4% effective January 8, 2006. If there are further
significant increases in paper costs and/or postal rates and the
Publishing segment is not able to offset these increases, they
could have a negative impact on the segment’s operating
income.

The introduction and increased popularity of alternative
technologies for the distribution of news, entertainment and
other information and the resulting shift in consumer habits
and/or advertising expenditures from print to other media could
adversely affect the Publishing segment’s results of
operations.
 The Publishing segment derives a substantial
portion of its revenue from advertising in magazines.
Distribution of news, entertainment and other information via
the Internet has become increasingly popular over the past
several years, and viewing news, entertainment and other content
on a personal computer, cellular phone or other device has
become increasingly popular as well. Accordingly, advertising
dollars have started to shift from traditional print media to
online media. The Publishing segment has taken various steps to
diversify its advertising vehicles, including relaunching
certain websites and expanding its existing online content.
However, the Publishing segment’s strategies for achieving
sustained revenue growth may not be sufficient to offset revenue
losses resulting from a continued shift in advertising dollars
over the long term from print to other media.

The Publishing segment faces risks relating to various
regulatory and legislative matters, including changes in Audit
Bureau of Circulations rules and possible changes in regulation
of direct marketing.
 The Publishing segment’s
magazine subscription and direct marketing activities are
subject to regulation by the FTC and the states under general
consumer protection statutes prohibiting unfair or deceptive
acts or practices. Certain areas of marketing activity are also
subject to specific federal statutes and rules, such as the
Telephone Consumer Protection Act, the Children’s Online
Privacy Protection Act, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (relating to
financial privacy), the FTC Mail or Telephone Order Merchandise
Rule and the FTC Telemarketing Sales Rule. Other statutes and
rules also regulate conduct in areas such as privacy, data
security and telemarketing. New statutes and regulations are
adopted frequently. In addition, the Audit Bureau of
Circulations recently implemented changes in its rules that
changed the classification of certain magazine subscriptions.
The Company is currently unable to assess the effect such
changes may have on the Publishing segment, but it is possible
that they may have a negative impact on spending by the
segment’s advertisers. New rules, as well as new
interpretations of existing rules, could lead to changes in the
segment’s marketing methods which could have a negative
effect on the segment’s ability to generate new magazine
subscriptions, meet rate bases and support advertising sales.

57

Table of Contents

The Publishing segment faces significant competition for
advertising and circulation.
 The Publishing segment
faces significant competition from several direct competitors
and other media, including the Internet. The Publishing
segment’s magazine operations compete for circulation and
audience with numerous other magazine publishers and other
media. The Publishing segment’s magazine operations also
compete with other magazine publishers and other media for
advertising directed at the general public and at more focused
demographic groups. Time Inc.’s direct marketing operations
compete with other direct marketers through all media for the
consumer’s attention.

Competition for advertising revenue is primarily based on
advertising rates, the nature and amount of readership, reader
response to advertisers’ products and services and the
effectiveness of sales teams. Other competitive factors in
magazine publishing include product positioning, editorial
quality, circulation, price and customer service, which impact
readership audience, circulation revenue and, ultimately,
advertising revenue. The magazine publishing business presents
few barriers to entry and many new magazines are launched
annually across multiple sectors. In recent years competitors
launched and/or repositioned many magazines, primarily in the
celebrity and women’s service sectors, that compete
directly with People, In Style, Real Simple and other
Publishing segment magazines, particularly at newsstand
checkouts in mass-market retailers. The Company anticipates that
it will face continuing competition from these new competitors
and additional competitors may enter this field and further
intensify competition, which could have an adverse impact on the
segment’s revenue.

The Publishing segment has in recent years made various changes
in its circulation practices and consequently faces new
challenges in identifying new subscribers and increasing
circulation, which could have an adverse impact not only on its
circulation revenue but also on its advertising revenue.

The Publishing segment could face increased costs and
business disruption resulting from instability in the newsstand
distribution channel.
 The Publishing segment operates a
national distribution business that relies on wholesalers to
distribute magazines published by the Publishing segment and
other publishers to newsstands and other retail outlets. Due to
industry consolidation, four wholesalers represent more than 80%
of the wholesale magazine distribution business. There is a
possibility of further consolidation among these wholesalers
and/or insolvency of one or more of these wholesalers. Should
there be a disruption in this wholesale channel it could
adversely affect the Publishing segment’s operating income
and cash flow, including temporarily impeding the Publishing
segment’s ability to distribute magazines to the retail
marketplace.