Some important factors, in addition
to others specifically addressed in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, that could have a material negative impact on TXU Corp.’s operations, financial results and financial condition, and
could cause TXU Corp.’s actual results or outcomes to differ materially from any projected outcome contained in any forward-looking statement in this report, include: 

TXU Corp.’s businesses are subject to ongoing complex governmental regulations and legislation that have impacted, and may in the future impact, TXU Corp.’s business and/or results of operations.

TXU Corp.’s businesses operate in changing market environments influenced by various state and federal legislative and regulatory
initiatives regarding the restructuring of the energy industry, including the deregulation of the production and sale of electricity. TXU Corp. will need to adapt to these changes and may face increasing competitive pressure and/or government
oversight. For example, the Texas electricity market was deregulated as of January 1, 2002, and competition has resulted in, and may continue to result in, declines in customer counts and sales volumes. In addition, as a result of Hurricane
Katrina, TXU Energy Holdings voluntarily agreed with the Commission to moderate the implementation of a price increase in November and December 2005 and to not raise its price-to-beat rate from January 1, 2006 through April 1, 2006.

TXU Corp.’s businesses are subject to changes in laws (including PURA, the Federal Power Act, the Atomic Energy Act, the Public
Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978, the Clean Air Act and the Energy Policy Act of 2005) and changing governmental policy and regulatory actions (including those of the Commission, the Texas Railroad Commission, the TCEQ, the FERC, the EPA and
the NRC) with respect to matters including, but not limited to, market structure and design, operation of nuclear power facilities, construction and operation of other power generation facilities, construction and operation of transmission
facilities, acquisition, disposal, depreciation and amortization of regulated assets and facilities, recovery of costs and investments, decommissioning costs, and return on invested capital for TXU Corp.’s regulated businesses, and present or
prospective wholesale and retail competition. Changes in, revisions to or reinterpretations of existing laws and regulations (particularly with respect to prices at which TXU Corp. may sell power), together with new laws and regulations, may have an
adverse effect on TXU Corp.’s businesses. 

TXU Energy Holdings, along with other market participants, is subject to electricity
pricing constraints and market behavior and other competition-related rules and regulations under PURA that are administered by the Commission. 

TXU
Corp. may be forced to sell power at less than its acquisition cost or lose a significant number of retail customers in its historical service territory and faces competition from incumbent providers outside its historical service territory.

While TXU Corp. may now offer prices other than the price-to-beat rate, it is obligated to offer the price-to-beat rate to its
residential and small business customers in its historical service territory through January 1, 2007. The results of TXU Corp.’s retail electric operations in its historical service territory are largely dependent upon the amount of
headroom available to TXU Corp. in its price-to-beat rate. The margin or “headroom” available in the price-to-beat rate for any REP equals the difference between the price-to-beat rate and the sum of delivery charges and the wholesale
market price for power. Headroom may be a positive or a negative number. Since headroom is dependent, in part, on wholesale market prices for power, TXU Corp. does not know nor can it estimate the amount of headroom that it will have in its
price-to-beat rate. There is no assurance that future adjustments to TXU Corp.’s price-to-beat rate will be adequate to cover future increases in its costs of electricity to serve its price-to-beat rate customers or that TXU Corp.’s
price-to-beat rate will not result in negative headroom in the future. 

TXU Corp. faces competition for customers within its historical
service territory. Such competitors may be larger or better capitalized or have well known brand recognition. Such competitors may also offer prices that are too low to be sustainable over the long-term, but attract customers away from TXU Corp.

17 

Table of Contents

In most retail electric markets outside its historical service territory, TXU Corp.’s principal
competitor may be the retail affiliate of the local incumbent utility company. The incumbent retail affiliates have the advantage of long-standing relationships with their customers. In addition to competition from the incumbent utilities and their
affiliates, TXU Corp. may face competition from a number of other energy service providers, or other energy industry participants, who may develop businesses that will compete with TXU Corp. and nationally branded providers of consumer products and
services. Some of these competitors or potential competitors may be larger and better capitalized than TXU Corp. If there is inadequate margin in these retail electric markets, it may not be profitable for TXU Corp. to enter these markets.

TXU Corp.’s revenues and results of operations may be negatively impacted by decreases in market prices for power, decreases in fuel commodities,
such as natural gas and decreases in market heat rates. 

TXU Corp. is not guaranteed any rate of return on its capital investments in
unregulated businesses. TXU Corp. markets and trades power and gas, including power from its own production facilities, as part of its wholesale markets management operation. TXU Corp.’s results of operations are likely to depend in large part
upon market prices for electricity, gas, lignite and coal in its regional market and other competitive markets and upon prevailing retail rates, which are set in part by regulatory authorities. Market prices may fluctuate substantially over
relatively short periods of time. Demand for electricity can fluctuate dramatically, creating periods of substantial under- or over-supply. During periods of over-supply, prices might be depressed. Also, at times there may be political pressure, or
pressure from regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over wholesale and retail energy commodity and transportation rates, to impose price limitations, bidding rules and other mechanisms to address volatility and other issues in these markets. Such
pressures in September and October of 2005 provided additional incentive for TXU Energy Holdings to moderate the implementation of a price increase in November and December 2005 and to voluntarily not raise its price-to-beat rate from
January 1, 2006 through April 1, 2006. 

Some of the fuel for TXU Corp.’s power production facilities is purchased under
short-term contracts or on the spot market. Prices of fuel, including natural gas, may also be volatile, and the price TXU Corp. can obtain for power sales may not change at the same rate as changes in fuel costs. In addition, TXU Corp. purchases
and sells natural gas and other energy related commodities, and volatility in these markets may affect TXU Corp.’s costs incurred in meeting its obligations. 

Volatility in market prices for fuel and electricity may result from the following: 

•

severe or unexpected weather conditions, 

•

seasonality, 

•

changes in electricity and fuel usage, 

•

illiquidity in the wholesale power or other markets, 

•

transmission or transportation constraints, inoperability or inefficiencies, 

•

availability of competitively priced alternative energy sources, 

•

changes in supply and demand for energy commodities, 

•

changes in power production capacity and market heat rates, 

•

outages at TXU Corp.’s power production facilities or those of its competitors, 

•

changes in production and storage levels of natural gas, lignite, coal and crude oil and refined products, 

•

natural disasters, wars, sabotage, terrorist acts, embargoes and other catastrophic events, and 

•

federal, state, local and foreign energy, environmental and other regulation and legislation. 

All of TXU Corp.’s facilities for power production are located in the ERCOT region, a market with limited interconnections to other markets.
Wholesale electricity prices in the ERCOT market generally move with the price of natural gas because marginal demand is generally supplied by gas-fired generation plants. Wholesale electricity prices also move with market heat rates, which could
fall if power prices fall relative to natural gas prices or if excess generation facilities are built in ERCOT. Accordingly, the contribution to earnings and the value of TXU Corp.’s baseload (lignite/coal and nuclear) power production, which
provided a substantial portion of TXU Corp.’s supply volumes in 2005, is dependent in significant part upon the price of natural gas and market heat rates. As a result, TXU Corp.’s baseload power production could significantly decrease in
value if natural gas prices fall or if market heat rates fall. 

18 

Table of Contents

TXU Corp.’s assets or positions cannot be fully hedged against changes in commodity prices and market heat rates,
and its hedging procedures may not work as planned or hedge counterparties may default on their obligations to TXU Corp. 

TXU Corp.
cannot fully hedge the risk associated with changes in natural gas prices or market heat rates because of the expected useful life of TXU Corp.’s power production assets and the size of its position relative to market liquidity. To the extent
TXU Corp. has unhedged positions, fluctuating commodity prices and/or market heat rates can materially impact changes in prices for other commodities, such as delivered Powder River Basin coal and emission credits, and could materially impact TXU
Corp.’s results of operations and financial position, either favorably or unfavorably. 

To manage its financial exposure related to
commodity price fluctuations, TXU Corp. routinely enters into contracts to hedge portions of its purchase and sale commitments, weather positions, fuel requirements and inventories of natural gas, lignite, coal, refined products, and other
commodities, within established risk management guidelines. As part of this strategy, TXU Corp. routinely utilizes fixed-price forward physical purchase and sales contracts, futures, financial swaps and option contracts traded in the
over-the-counter markets or on exchanges. Although TXU Corp. devotes a considerable amount of management time and effort to the establishment of risk management procedures as well as the ongoing review of the implementation of these procedures, the
procedures in place may not always be followed or may not always function as planned and cannot eliminate all the risks associated with these activities. As a result of these and other factors, TXU Corp. cannot precisely predict the impact that risk
management decisions may have on its business, results of operations or financial position. 

To the extent TXU Corp. engages in hedging and
risk management activities, TXU Corp. is exposed to the risk that counterparties that owe TXU Corp. money, energy or other commodities as a result of market transactions will not perform their obligations. Should the counterparties to these
arrangements fail to perform, TXU Corp. might be forced to acquire alternative hedging arrangements or honor the underlying commitment at then-current market prices. In such event, TXU Corp. might incur losses in addition to amounts, if any, already
paid to the counterparties. ERCOT market participants are also exposed to risks that another ERCOT market participant may default in its obligations to pay ERCOT for power taken, in which case such costs, to the extent not offset by posted security
and other protections available to ERCOT, may be allocated to various non-defaulting ERCOT market participants, including TXU Corp. 

In
connection with its hedging and risk management activities, TXU Corp. has guaranteed or indemnified the performance of a portion of its obligations relating to such activities. TXU Corp. might not be able to satisfy all of these guarantees and
indemnification obligations if they were to come due at the same time. In addition, reductions in credit quality or changes in the market prices of energy commodities could increase the cash collateral required to be posted in connection with
hedging and risk management activities, which could materially impact TXU Corp.’s liquidity and financial position. 

19 

Table of Contents

TXU Corp. may suffer material losses, costs and liabilities due to its ownership and operation of the Comanche Peak
nuclear power plant. 

The ownership and operation of a nuclear power plant, such as TXU Corp.’s Comanche Peak nuclear plant,
involves certain risks. These risks include: mechanical or structural problems; inadequacy or lapses in maintenance protocols; the impairment of reactor operation and safety systems due to human error; the costs of storage, handling and disposal of
nuclear materials; limitations on the amounts and types of insurance coverage commercially available; and uncertainties with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning nuclear facilities at the end of their useful lives.
The prolonged unavailability of Comanche Peak could materially affect TXU Corp.’s financial condition and results of operations, particularly when the cost to produce power at Comanche Peak is significantly less than market wholesale power
prices. The following are among the more significant of these risks: 

•

Operational Risk – Operations at any nuclear power plant could degrade to the point where the plant would have to be shut down. If such degradations were to occur, the
process of identifying and correcting the causes of the operational downgrade to return the plant to operation could require significant time and expense, resulting in both lost revenue and increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply
commitments. Rather than incurring substantial costs to restart the plant, the plant could be shut down. Furthermore, a shut-down or failure at any other nuclear plant could cause regulators to require a shut-down or reduced availability at Comanche
Peak. Over the next three years, certain equipment at Comanche Peak is expected to be replaced, which will require extended outages. The cost of these actions is currently expected to be material. 

•

Regulatory Risk – The NRC may modify, suspend or revoke licenses and impose civil penalties for failure to comply with the Atomic Energy Act, the regulations under it or
the terms of the licenses of nuclear facilities. Unless extended, the NRC operating licenses for Comanche Peak Unit 1 and Unit 2 will expire in 2030 and 2033, respectively. Changes in regulations by the NRC could require a substantial increase in
capital expenditures or result in increased operating or decommissioning costs. 

•

Nuclear Accident Risk – Although the safety record of Comanche Peak and other nuclear reactors generally has been very good, accidents and other unforeseen problems have
occurred both in the US and elsewhere. The consequences of an accident can be severe and include loss of life and property damage. Any resulting liability from a nuclear accident could exceed TXU Corp.’s resources, including insurance coverage.

The operation and maintenance of power production and electric delivery facilities involves significant risks that could adversely affect
TXU Corp.’s results of operations and financial condition. 

The operation and maintenance of power production and electric delivery
facilities involves many risks, including, as applicable, start up risks, breakdown or failure of facilities, lack of sufficient capital to maintain the facilities, the dependence on a specific fuel source or the impact of unusual or adverse weather
conditions or other natural events, as well as the risk of performance below expected levels of output, efficiency or reliability, the occurrence of any of which could result in lost revenues and/or increased expenses. A significant number of TXU
Corp.’s facilities were constructed many years ago. In particular, older generating equipment and transmission and distribution equipment, even if maintained in accordance with good engineering practices, may require significant capital
expenditures to keep operating at peak efficiency or reliability. The risk of increased maintenance and capital expenditures arises from (a) increased starting and stopping of generation equipment due to the volatility of the competitive
market, (b) any unexpected failure to produce power, including failure caused by breakdown or forced outage and (c) damage to facilities due to storms, natural disasters, wars, terrorist acts and other catastrophic events. Further, TXU
Corp.’s ability to successfully and timely complete capital improvements to existing facilities or other capital projects is contingent upon many variables and subject to substantial risks. Should any such efforts be unsuccessful, TXU Corp.
could be subject to additional costs and/or the write-off of its investment in the project or improvement. 

Insurance, warranties or
performance guarantees may not cover all or any of the lost revenues or increased expenses, including the cost of replacement power. Likewise, TXU Corp.’s ability to obtain insurance, and the cost of and coverage provided by such insurance,
could be affected by events outside its control. 

20 

Table of Contents

TXU Corp.’s cost of compliance with environmental laws are significant, and the cost of compliance with new
environmental laws could materially adversely affect TXU Corp.’s results of operations and financial condition. 

TXU Corp. is
subject to extensive environmental regulation by governmental authorities. In operating its facilities, TXU Corp. is required to comply with numerous environmental laws and regulations, and to obtain numerous governmental permits. TXU Corp. may
incur significant additional costs to comply with these requirements. If TXU Corp. fails to comply with these requirements, it could be subject to civil or criminal liability and fines. Existing environmental regulations could be revised or
reinterpreted, new laws and regulations could be adopted or become applicable to TXU Corp. or its facilities, and future changes in environmental laws and regulations could occur, including potential regulatory and enforcement developments related
to air emissions. 

TXU Corp. may not be able to obtain or maintain all required environmental regulatory approvals. If there is a delay in
obtaining any required environmental regulatory approvals or if TXU Corp. fails to obtain, maintain or comply with any such approval, the operation of its facilities could be stopped or become subject to additional costs. Further, at some of TXU
Corp.’s older facilities, including its lignite/coal power plants, it may be uneconomical for TXU Corp. to install the necessary equipment to comply with environmental laws, which may cause TXU Corp. to shut down those facilities. 

In addition, TXU Corp. may be responsible for any on-site liabilities associated with the environmental condition of facilities that it has acquired
or developed, regardless of when the liabilities arose and whether they are known or unknown. In connection with certain acquisitions and sales of assets, TXU Corp. may obtain, or be required to provide, indemnification against certain environmental
liabilities. Another party could fail to meet its indemnification obligations to TXU Corp. 

The rates of TXU Corp.’s electric delivery business are
subject to regulatory review. 

The rates assessed by TXU Electric Delivery are regulated by the Commission and certain cities and are
subject to cost-of-service regulation and annual earnings oversight. This regulatory treatment does not provide any assurance as to achievement of earnings levels. TXU Electric Delivery’s rates are regulated based on an analysis of TXU Electric
Delivery’s costs and capital structure, as reviewed and approved in a regulatory proceeding. While rate regulation is premised on the full recovery of prudently incurred costs and a reasonable rate of return on invested capital, there can be no
assurance that the Commission will judge all of TXU Electric Delivery’s costs to have been prudently incurred, that the Commission will reduce the amount of invested capital included in the capital structure that TXU Electric Delivery’s
rates are based upon or that the regulatory process in which rates are determined will always result in rates that will produce full recovery of TXU Electric Delivery’s costs, including regulatory assets reported in the balance sheet, and the
return on invested capital allowed by the Commission. 

In 2004, certain cities within TXU Corp.’s historical service territory, acting
in their role as a regulatory authority (with original jurisdiction) initiated inquiries to determine if TXU Electric Delivery’s Commission-established rates were just and reasonable. TXU Electric Delivery has entered into settlements deferring
rate action, but TXU Electric Delivery will be required to file a rate case in 2008, based on a 2007 test year, unless TXU Electric Delivery and the cities mutually agree that such a filing is unnecessary. While TXU Corp. believes the rates are just
and reasonable, it cannot predict the results of any rate case. 

21 

Table of Contents

TXU Corp.’s growth strategy may not be executed as planned which could adversely impact its financial condition
and results of operations. 

There can be no guarantee that the execution of TXU Corp.’s growth strategy will be successful. For
example, there can be no guarantee that the capital investments TXU Corp. intends to make in connection with its electric delivery business will produce the desired reductions in cost and improvements to service and reliability, particularly with
respect to its new technology program. Similarly, there can be no guarantee that TXU Corp.’s investment in lignite/coal facilities, such as Oak Grove and Sandow 5, will not be adversely impacted as a result of (i) any unanticipated change
in environmental law or available technologies or (ii) any unanticipated reduction in natural gas prices or market heat rates. Moreover, execution of TXU Corp.’s growth strategy, if achieved, may take longer than expected at costs higher
than expected. TXU Corp.’s growth strategy is dependant upon many variables, including, but not limited to, market, legislative and regulatory dynamics. Any change to any of these dynamics could effect the execution of TXU Corp.’s growth
strategy, including causing management to change its strategy. 

Ongoing performance improvement initiatives may not achieve desired cost reductions and
may instead result in significant additional costs if unsuccessful. 

The implementation of performance improvement initiatives
identified by management may not produce the desired reduction in costs and may result in disruptions arising from employee displacements and the rapid pace of changes to organizational structure and operating practices and processes. Specifically,
TXU Corp. is subject to the risk that the joint venture outsourcing arrangement with Capgemini may not produce the desired cost savings. Should TXU Corp. wish to terminate or modify the arrangement with Capgemini as a result of cost or quality
issues, or if Capgemini becomes financially unable to perform its obligations, TXU Corp. would incur transition costs, which would likely be significant, to switch to another vendor. 

TXU Corp. relies on the infrastructure of local utilities or independent transmission system operators to provide electricity to, and to obtain information about, their customers. Any infrastructure failure could
negatively impact customer satisfaction and could have a material negative impact on TXU Corp.’s business and results of operations. 

TXU Corp. depends on transmission and distribution facilities owned and operated by other utilities, as well as its own such facilities, to deliver the electricity it produces and sells to consumers, as well as to other REPs. If
transmission capacity is inadequate, TXU Corp.’s ability to sell and deliver electricity may be hindered, it may have to forgo sales or it may have to buy more expensive wholesale electricity that is available in the capacity-constrained area.
For example, during some periods, transmission access is constrained in some areas of the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex, where TXU Corp. has a significant number of customers. The cost to provide service to these customers may exceed the cost to
provide service to other customers, resulting in lower profits. In addition, any infrastructure failure that interrupts or impairs delivery of electricity to TXU Corp.’s customers could negatively impact the satisfaction of its customers with
its service. 

TXU Corp. offers bundled services to its retail customers, with some offerings, at fixed prices and for fixed terms. If TXU Corp.’s
costs for these bundled services exceed the prices paid by its customers, TXU Corp.’s results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

TXU Corp. offers its customers a bundle of services that include, at a minimum, the electricity itself plus transmission, distribution and related services. The prices TXU Corp. charges for this bundle of services or
for the various components of the bundle, any of which may be fixed by contract with the customer for a period of time, could fall below TXU Corp.’s underlying cost to obtain the components. 

22 

Table of Contents

Changes in technology may reduce the value of TXU Corp.’s power plants and/or electric delivery facilities and
may significantly impact its business in other ways as well. 

Research and development activities are ongoing to improve existing and
alternative technologies to produce electricity, including gas turbines, fuel cells, microturbines and photovoltaic (solar) cells. It is possible that advances in these or other alternative technologies will reduce the costs of electricity
production from these technologies to a level that will enable these technologies to compete effectively with traditional power plants like TXU Corp.’s. While demand for electric energy services is generally increasing throughout the US, the
rate of construction and development of new, more efficient power production facilities may exceed increases in demand in some regional electric markets. Consequently, where TXU Corp. has facilities, the market value of TXU Corp.’s power
production could be significantly reduced. Also, electricity demand could be reduced by increased conservation efforts and advances in technology, which could likewise significantly reduce the value of TXU Corp.’s power plants and electric
delivery facilities. Changes in technology could also alter the channels through which retail electric customers buy electricity. To the extent self-generation facilities become a more cost-effective option for certain customers, TXU Corp.’s
revenues would be reduced. 

TXU Corp.’s future results of operations may be negatively impacted by settlement adjustments determined by ERCOT
related to prior periods. 

ERCOT is the independent system operator that is responsible for maintaining reliable operation of the bulk
electric power supply system in the ERCOT region. Its responsibilities include the clearing and settlement of electricity volumes and related ancillary services among the various participants in the deregulated Texas market. Settlement information
is due from ERCOT within two months after the operating day, and true-up settlements are due from ERCOT within six months after the operating day. As a result, TXU Corp. is subject to settlement adjustments from ERCOT related to prior periods, which
may result in charges or credits impacting future reported results of operations. 

TXU Corp.’s results of operations and financial condition could
be negatively impacted by any development or event beyond its control that causes a material weakness in Texas or the ERCOT region. 

TXU
Corp. derives substantially all of its revenues from its operations in the ERCOT region. As a result, regardless of the state of the economy in areas outside of Texas or the ERCOT region, economic weakness in Texas or the ERCOT region could lead to
reduced demand for electricity in ERCOT region. Such a reduction could have a material negative impact on TXU Corp.’s results of operations and financial condition. 

A downgrade in TXU Corp.’s (or an applicable subsidiaries’) credit ratings could negatively affect TXU Corp.’s ability to access capital and could require TXU Corp. or its subsidiaries to post
collateral or repay certain indebtedness. 

If S&P, Moody’s or Fitch were to downgrade TXU Corp.’s (or any of its
subsidiaries’) long-term debt rating, borrowing costs would increase, the potential pool of investors and funding sources would likely decrease and liquidity demands may be triggered by the terms of a number of commodity contracts, leases and
other agreements. 

Most of TXU Corp.’s large customers, suppliers and counterparties require sufficient creditworthiness in order to
enter into transactions. If TXU Corp. (or an applicable subsidiaries’) credit ratings were to decline, particularly below investment grade, the costs to operate TXU Corp.’s business would increase because counterparties may require the
posting of collateral in the form of cash-related instruments, or counterparties may decline to do business with TXU Corp. 

In addition, as
discussed in this Form 10-K, the terms of certain of TXU Corp.’s financing and other arrangements contain provisions that are directly or indirectly affected by changes in credit ratings and could require the posting of collateral, the
repayment of indebtedness or the payment of other amounts. 

23 

Table of Contents

TXU Corp. is a holding company, and its obligations are structurally subordinated to existing and future liabilities
and preferred stock of its subsidiaries. 

TXU Corp. is a holding company. Substantially all of TXU Corp.’s consolidated assets are
held by subsidiaries. Accordingly, TXU Corp.’s cash flows and ability to meet its obligations and to pay dividends are largely dependent upon the earnings of its subsidiaries and the payment of such earnings to TXU Corp. in the form of
distributions, loans or advances, and repayment of loans or advances from TXU Corp. These subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to provide TXU Corp. with funds for its payment obligations, whether by dividends,
distributions, loans or otherwise. 

Because TXU Corp. is a holding company, its obligations to its creditors are structurally subordinated
to all existing and future liabilities and existing and future preferred stock of its subsidiaries. Therefore, TXU Corp.’s rights and the rights of its creditors to participate in the assets of any subsidiary in the event that such a subsidiary
is liquidated or reorganized are subject to the prior claims of such subsidiary’s creditors and holders of its preferred stock. To the extent that TXU Corp. may be a creditor with recognized claims against any such subsidiary, its claims would
still be subject to the prior claims of such subsidiary’s creditors to the extent that they are secured or senior to those held by TXU Corp. Subject to restrictions contained in financing arrangements, TXU Corp.’s subsidiaries may incur
additional indebtedness and other liabilities. 

In the future, TXU Corp. could have liquidity needs that could be difficult to satisfy under some
circumstances. 

The inability to raise capital on favorable terms, particularly during times of uncertainty in the financial markets,
could impact TXU Corp.’s ability to sustain and grow its businesses, which are capital intensive, and would increase its capital costs. TXU Corp. relies on access to financial markets as a significant source of liquidity for capital
requirements not satisfied by cash on hand or operating cash flows. TXU Corp.’s access to the financial markets could be adversely impacted by various factors, such as: 

•

changes in credit markets that reduce available credit or the ability to renew existing liquidity facilities on acceptable terms; 

•

inability to access commercial paper markets; 

•

changes in interest rates; 

•

a deterioration of TXU Corp.’s credit or the credit of its subsidiaries or a reduction in TXU Corp.’s credit ratings or the credit ratings of its subsidiaries;

•

extreme volatility in TXU Corp.’s markets that increases margin or credit requirements; 

•

a material breakdown in TXU Corp.’s risk management procedures; 

•

prolonged delays in billing and payment resulting from delays in switching customers from one REP to another; and 

•

the occurrence of material adverse changes in TXU Corp.’s businesses that restrict TXU Corp.’s ability to access its liquidity facilities. 

A lack of necessary capital and cash reserves could adversely impact the evaluation of TXU Corp.’s credit worthiness by counterparties and rating
agencies, and would likely increase its capital costs. Further, concerns on the part of counterparties regarding TXU Corp.’s liquidity and credit could limit its wholesale markets management activities. 

24 

Table of Contents

TXU Corp.’s common stock price has been and may continue to be volatile. 

The market price of TXU Corp.’s common stock has been volatile in the past, and a variety of factors could cause the price to fluctuate in the
future. In addition to the matters discussed above, the following could impact the market price for TXU Corp.’s common stock: 

•

developments related to TXU Corp.’s businesses; 

•

commodity prices, in particular natural gas prices; 

•

market heat rates in the Texas electricity market; 

•

fluctuations in TXU Corp.’s results of operations; 

•

the level of dividends and share repurchases; 

•

TXU Corp.’s credit quality and any significant change in its credit metrics; 

•

effect of significant events relating to the energy sector in general; 

•

sales of TXU Corp. securities into the marketplace; 

•

general conditions in the industry and the energy markets in which TXU Corp. is a participant; 

•

the worldwide economy; 

•

an outbreak of war or hostilities; 

•

a shortfall in revenues or earnings compared to securities analysts’ expectations; 

•

changes in analysts’ recommendations or projections; and 

•

actions by credit rating agencies. 

Fluctuations in the
market price of TXU Corp.’s common stock may be unrelated to TXU Corp.’s performance. General market declines or market volatility could adversely affect the price of TXU Corp.’s common stock and the current market price may not be
indicative of future market prices. 

The issues and associated risks and uncertainties described above are not the only ones TXU Corp. may
face. Additional issues may arise or become material as the energy industry evolves.