The information set forth in this Item 1A should be read in conjunction with the rest of the information included in this report, including Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations, and Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

We Must Manage Both Significant Demand for Our Services and Network Capacity
 – Due to continuing demand for rail service and capacity constraints, we may experience network difficulties, including
congestion and reduced velocity, which may compromise the level of service we provide to our customers. This level of demand may compound the impact of weather and weather-related events on our operations and velocity. Although we continue to
improve our transportation plan, add capacity, and improve operations at our yards and other facilities, we cannot be sure that these measures will fully or adequately address any service shortcomings. Additionally, ongoing maintenance, restoration,
and improvements in the SPRB could adversely affect coal shipments during the year. We also cannot be sure that we will not experience other difficulties related to 

6 

Table of Contents

network capacity, dramatic and unplanned increases of demand for rail service in one or more of our commodity groups, or other events that could have a
negative impact on our operational efficiency, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 

We May Be Subject to Various Claims and Lawsuits That Could Result in Significant Expenditures
 – The
nature of our business exposes us to the potential for various claims and litigation related to labor and employment, personal injury, property damage, environmental liability, and other matters. Any material changes to litigation trends or a
catastrophic rail accident or series of accidents involving any or all of property damage, personal injury, and environmental liability could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.

We Are Required to Transport Hazardous Materials

– Federal laws require railroads, including UPRR, to transport hazardous materials. Any rail accident involving the release of hazardous materials could involve significant costs and claims for personal injury, property damage, and
environmental penalties and remediation, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 

The Availability of Qualified Personnel Could Adversely Affect Our Operations
 – Changes in demographics, training requirements, and the
availability of qualified personnel, particularly engineers and trainmen, could negatively impact our ability to meet demand for rail service. Unpredictable increases in demand for rail services and a lack of network fluidity may exacerbate such
risks, which could have a negative impact on our operational efficiency and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 

We Are Subject to Significant Governmental Regulation
 – We are subject to governmental regulation by a
significant number of federal, state, and local authorities covering a variety of health, safety, labor, environmental (as discussed below), and other matters. Our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse
effect on us. Governments may change the legislative or regulatory frameworks within which we operate without providing us with any recourse for any adverse effects on our business. Economic re-regulation of the rail industry would negatively impact
our ability to determine prices for rail services and reduce capital spending on our rail network, resulting in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Also, some laws and regulations require us to
obtain and maintain various licenses, permits, and other authorizations, and we cannot guarantee that we will continue to be able to do so. In addition, one or more consolidations of Class I railroads could lead to future re-regulation of the rail
industry. 

Severe Weather Could Result in Significant
Business Interruptions and Expenditures
 – Severe weather conditions, events, and other natural phenomena, including earthquakes, hurricanes, fires, floods, extreme temperatures, and significant precipitation may cause business
interruptions, including line outages on our rail network that can adversely affect our entire rail network, and result in increased costs, increased liabilities, and decreased revenue, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 

Strikes or
Work Stoppages Could Adversely Affect Our Operations as the Majority of Our Employees Belong to Labor Unions and Labor Agreements
 – We are a party to collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions. In January 2005, we
began the current round of negotiations with the unions. Disputes with regard to the terms of these agreements or our potential inability to negotiate acceptable contracts with these unions could result in, among other things, strikes, work
stoppages, or other slowdowns by the affected workers. If unionized workers were to engage in a strike, work stoppage, or other slowdown, or other employees were to become unionized, we could experience a significant disruption of our operations or
higher ongoing labor costs, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Additionally, future national labor agreements, or renegotiation of labor agreements or provisions of
labor agreements, could compromise our service reliability and significantly increase our costs for healthcare, wages, and other benefits, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.

7 

Table of Contents

We Rely on Technology and Technology Improvements in Our Business Operations – We rely on
information technology in all aspects of our business. If we do not have sufficient capital to acquire new technology or if we are unable to implement new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with
companies providing other modes of transportation service, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Additionally, if we experience significant disruption or failure of one or more
of our information technology systems, including computer hardware, software, and communications equipment, we could experience a service interruption, safety failure, security breach, or other operational difficulties, which could have a material
adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 

We Are Subject to Significant Environmental Laws and Regulations
 – Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other
things, emissions to the air; discharges to waters; handling, storage, transportation, and disposal of waste and other materials; and hazardous material or petroleum releases. We generate and transport hazardous and non-hazardous waste in our
operations, and we did so in our former operations. Environmental liability can extend to previously owned or operated properties, leased properties, and properties owned by third parties, as well as to properties we currently own. Environmental
liabilities have arisen and may also arise from claims asserted by adjacent landowners or other third parties in toxic tort litigation. We have been and may be subject to allegations or findings that we have violated, or are strictly liable under,
these laws or regulations. We could incur significant costs as a result of any of the foregoing, and we may be required to incur significant expenses to investigate and remediate known, unknown, or future environmental contamination, which could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 

Rising or Elevated Fuel Costs and Whether We Are Able to Mitigate These Costs with Fuel Surcharges Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Business
 – Fuel costs constitute a
significant portion of our transportation expenses. Diesel fuel prices are subject to dramatic fluctuations, and significant price increases could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. Although we currently are able to recover a
significant amount of our increased fuel expenses through revenue from fuel surcharges, we cannot be certain that we will always be able to mitigate rising or elevated fuel costs through surcharges. Future market conditions or legislative or
regulatory activities could adversely affect our ability to apply fuel surcharges or adequately recover increased fuel costs through fuel surcharges. International, political, and economic circumstances affect fuel prices and supplies. Weather can
also affect fuel supplies and limit domestic refining capacity. If a fuel supply shortage were to arise from OPEC production curtailments, a disruption of oil imports, or other causes, higher fuel prices could, despite our fuel surcharge programs,
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 

We Face Competition from Other Railroads and Other Transportation Providers – We face competition from other railroads, motor carriers and, to a lesser extent, ships, barges, and
pipelines. In addition to price competition, we face competition with respect to transit times and quality and reliability of service. While we must build or acquire and maintain our rail system, trucks and barges are able to use public
rights-of-way maintained by public entities. Any future improvements or expenditures materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation, or legislation releasing motor carriers from their size or weight
limitations, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Additionally, any future consolidation of the rail industry could materially affect the competitive environment in which we operate.

We May Be Affected by General Economic
Conditions
 – Prolonged negative changes in domestic and global economic conditions affecting the producers and consumers of the commodities carried by us may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial
condition, and liquidity. 

We Utilize Capital
Markets
 – We rely on the capital markets to provide some of our capital requirements, including the issuance of commercial paper from time to time and the sale of certain of our receivables. Market instability or deterioration of our
financial condition due to internal or external factors could restrict or prohibit 

8 

Table of Contents

our access to commercial paper and reduce our credit ratings below investment grade, which would prohibit us from utilizing our sale of receivables program
and significantly increase the cost of issuing debt. 

We Are
Dependent on Two Key Domestic Suppliers of Locomotives
 – Due to the capital intensive nature and sophistication of locomotive equipment, high barriers to entry face potential new suppliers. Therefore, if one of these domestic
suppliers discontinues manufacturing locomotives, we could experience a significant cost increase and risk reduced availability of the locomotives that are necessary to our operations. 

We May Be Affected by Acts of Terrorism, War, or Risk of War
 – Our rail lines, facilities, and equipment,
including rail cars carrying hazardous materials, could be direct targets or indirect casualties of terrorist attacks. Terrorist attacks, or other similar events, any government response thereto, and war or risk of war may adversely affect our
results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. In addition, insurance premiums for some or all of our current coverages could increase dramatically, or certain coverages may not be available to us in the future.