Cautionary Statement About Forward-Looking Statements 

This report includes certain “forward-looking
statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements in the future tense, and all statements accompanied by terms such as “believe,” “project,” “expect,”
“estimate,” “assume,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “target,” “plan,” and variations thereof and similar terms are intended to be forward-looking statements. We intend that all forward-looking
statements we make will be subject to safe harbor protection of the federal securities laws pursuant to Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Our disclosure and analysis in this report, in our Annual Report to Shareholders and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange
filings contain some forward-looking statements regarding our intent, belief and current expectations about our strategic direction, prospects and future results. From time to time, we also provide forward-looking statements in other materials we
release as well as oral forward-looking statements. Such statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future events; they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Management believes that these forward-looking statements
are reasonable as and when made. However, caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements because such statements speak only as of the date when made. 

Forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our
historical experience and our present expectations or anticipated results. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described below and elsewhere in this report and those described from time to time in our future reports
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You should consider the limitations on, and risks associated with, forward-looking statements and not unduly rely on the accuracy of predictions contained in such forward-looking statements. We do
not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances, changes in expectations, or the occurrence of unanticipated events after the date of those statements. 

 

You should
carefully consider the following factors, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. You should read these Risk Factors in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7 and our Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes in Item 8. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not
currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

General economic conditions, both in the U.S. and internationally, may adversely affect our results of operations. 

We conduct operations in over 200 countries and territories. Our U.S. and international operations are subject to normal cycles affecting the
economy in general, as well the local economic environments in which we operate. The factors that create cyclical changes to the economy and to our business are beyond our control, and it may be difficult for us to adjust our business model to
mitigate the impact of these factors. In particular, our business is affected by levels of industrial production, consumer spending and retail activity. To the extent that the current economic recession in the U.S. and worldwide continues for a
prolonged period of time or the recovery takes longer than anticipated, our business, financial position and results of operations could be materially affected. 

12 

Table of Contents

We face significant competition which could adversely affect our business, financial position and
results of operations. 

We face significant competition on a local, regional, national, and international basis. Our
competitors include the postal services of the U.S. and other nations, various motor carriers, express companies, freight forwarders, air couriers and others. Competition may also come from other sources in the future. Some of our competitors have
cost and organizational structures that differ from ours and may offer services and pricing terms that we may not be willing or able to offer. If we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to competitive pressures, our business, financial
position and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

The transportation industry continues to consolidate and
competition remains strong. As a result of consolidation, our competitors may increase their market share and improve their financial capacity, and may strengthen their competitive positions. Business combinations could also result in competitors
providing a wider variety of services and products at competitive prices, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 

Our
business is subject to complex and stringent regulation in the U.S. and internationally. 

We are subject to complex and
stringent aviation, transportation, environmental, security, labor, employment, and other governmental laws and regulations, both in the U.S. and in the other countries in which we operate. Changes in laws, regulations and the related
interpretations may alter the landscape in which we do business and may affect our costs of doing business. The impact of new laws and regulations cannot be predicted. Compliance with new laws and regulations may increase our operating costs or
require significant capital expenditures. Any failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations in the U.S. or in any of the countries in which we operate could result in substantial fines or possible revocation of our authority to conduct our
operations, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 

Increased security requirements could impose substantial costs on
us. 

As a result of concerns about global terrorism and homeland security, governments around the world have adopted or
may adopt stricter security requirements that will result in increased operating costs for businesses in the transportation industry. These requirements may change periodically as a result of regulatory and legislative requirements and in response
to evolving threats. We cannot determine the effect that these new requirements will have on our cost structure or our operating results, and these rules or other future security requirements may increase our costs of operations and reduce operating
efficiencies. 

We may be affected by global climate change or by legal, regulatory or market responses to such potential change.

Concern over climate change, including the impact of global warming, has led to significant federal, state, and
international legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. For example, in the past several years, the U.S. Congress has considered various bills that would regulate GHG emissions. While these bills have not yet
received sufficient Congressional support for enactment, some form of federal climate change legislation is possible in the future. Even in the absence of such legislation, the Environmental Protection Agency, spurred by judicial interpretation of
the Clean Air Act, may regulate GHG emissions, especially aircraft or diesel engine emissions, and this could impose substantial costs on us. These costs include an increase in the cost of the fuel and other energy we purchase and capital costs
associated with updating or replacing our aircraft or trucks prematurely. Until the timing, scope and extent of any future regulation becomes known, we cannot predict its effect on our cost structure or our operating results. Notwithstanding our
widely recognized position as a leader in sustainable business practices, it is reasonably possible, however, that such legislation or regulation could impose material costs on us. Moreover, even without such legislation or regulation, increased
awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about the GHGs emitted by companies in the airline and transportation industries could harm our reputation and reduce customer demand for our services, especially our air services.

13 

Table of Contents

Strikes, work stoppages and slowdowns by our employees could adversely affect our business, financial
position and results of operations. 

A significant number of our employees are employed under a national master
agreement and various supplemental agreements with local unions affiliated with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, and our airline pilots, airline mechanics, ground mechanics and certain other employees are employed under other collective
bargaining agreements. Strikes, work stoppages and slowdowns by our employees could adversely affect our ability to meet our customers’ needs, and customers may do more business with competitors if they believe that such actions or threatened
actions may adversely affect our ability to provide service. We may face permanent loss of customers if we are unable to provide uninterrupted service, and this could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. The
terms of future collective bargaining agreements also may affect our competitive position and results of operations. 

We are exposed to
the effects of changing prices of energy, including gasoline, diesel and jet fuel, and interruptions in supplies of these commodities. 

Changing fuel and energy costs may have a significant impact on our operations. We require significant quantities of fuel for our aircraft and delivery vehicles and are exposed to the risk associated with
variations in the market price for petroleum products, including gasoline, diesel and jet fuel. We mitigate our exposure to changing fuel prices through our indexed fuel surcharges and we may also enter into hedging transactions from time to time.
If we are unable to maintain or increase our fuel surcharges, higher fuel costs could adversely impact our operating results. Even if we are able to offset the cost of fuel with our surcharges, high fuel surcharges may result in a mix shift from our
higher yielding air products to lower yielding ground products or an overall reduction in volume. If fuel prices rise sharply, even if we are successful in increasing our fuel surcharge, we could experience a lag time in implementing the surcharge,
which could adversely affect our short-term operating results. There can be no assurance that our hedging transactions will be effective to protect us from changes in fuel prices. Moreover, we could experience a disruption in energy supplies,
including our supply of gasoline, diesel and jet fuel, as a result of war, actions by producers, or other factors which are beyond our control, which could have an adverse affect on our business. 

Changes in exchange rates or interest rates may have an adverse affect on our results. 

We conduct business across the globe with a significant portion of our revenue derived from operations outside the United States. Our
operations in international markets are affected by changes in the exchange rates for local currencies, and in particular the Euro, British Pound, and Canadian Dollar. 

We are exposed to changes in interest rates, primarily on our short-term debt and that portion of our long-term debt that carries floating interest rates. The impact of a 100-basis-point change in
interest rates affecting our debt is discussed in the “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk” section of this report. During 2008, credit markets tightened and the global economy slowed. We are not dependent on the
credit markets to fund current operations. 

We monitor and manage our exposures to changes in currency exchange rates and
interest rates, and make limited use of currency exchange contracts, over the counter option contracts, commodity forwards, swaps and futures contracts to mitigate the impact of changes in currency values, but changes in exchange rates and interest
rates cannot always be predicted or hedged. 

If we are unable to maintain our brand image and corporate reputation, our business may
suffer. 

Our success depends in part on our ability to maintain the image of the UPS brand and our reputation for
providing excellent service to our customers. Service quality issues, actual or perceived, even when false or unfounded, could tarnish the image of our brand and may cause customers to use other companies. Also, adverse publicity surrounding labor
relations, environmental concerns, security matters, political activities and the like, or attempting to connect our company to these sorts of issues, either in the United States or other countries in which

14 

Table of Contents

we operate, could negatively affect our overall reputation and acceptance of our services by customers. Damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity could reduce demand for our services and
thus have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations, and could require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brand. 

A significant privacy breach could adversely affect our business and we may be required to increase our spending on data security. 

The provision of service to our customers and the operation of our network involve the storage and transmission of proprietary information
and sensitive or confidential data, including personal information of customers, employees and others. Breaches in security could expose us, our customers or the individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, resulting in
litigation and potential liability for the company, as well as the loss of existing or potential customers, damage to our brand and reputation, or disruptions in our operations. In addition, the cost and operational consequences of implementing
further data protection measures could be significant. 

We have invested in a technology infrastructure which supports our global air
and ground network and is critical to support our operations and customer needs. Any major disruption to this infrastructure could adversely impact our operations, customers and global commerce. 

Our ability to serve customers and to compete effectively depends to a large part upon the reliability and speed of our technology network.
While we have built a multi-layered architecture to support swiftly-expanding worldwide operations and we ensure that our infrastructure is robust, reliable and redundant, there are risks of malicious or unintentional disruptions to the Internet or
our technology infrastructure which could adversely impact our operations and consequently, our customers. 

We make significant capital
investments in our business of which a significant portion is tied to projected volume levels. 

We require significant
capital investments in our business consisting of aircraft, vehicles, technology, facilities and sorting and other types of equipment to support both our existing and anticipated growth of our business. Forecasting projected volume involves many
factors which are subject to uncertainty, such as general economic trends, changes in governmental regulation, and competition. If we do not accurately forecast our future capital investment needs, we could have excess capacity or insufficient
capacity, either of which would negatively affect our revenues and profitability. In addition to forecasting our capital investment requirements, we adjust other elements of our operations and cost structure in response to adverse economic
conditions; however, these adjustments may not be sufficient to allow us to maintain our operating margins in an adverse economy. 

We
derive a significant portion of our revenues from our international operations and are subject to the risks of doing business in emerging markets. 

We have significant international operations and while the geographical diversity of our international operations helps ensure that we are not overly reliant on a single region or country, we are
continually exposed to changing economic, political and social developments beyond our control. Emerging markets are typically more volatile than those in the developed world, and any broad-based downturn in these markets could reduce our revenues
and adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

We are subject to changes in markets and our business
plans that have resulted, and may in the future result, in substantial write-downs of the carrying value of our assets, thereby reducing our net income. 

Our regular review of the carrying value of our assets (including our intangible and tangible assets and investments) has resulted, from time to time, in significant impairments, and we may in the future
be required to recognize additional impairment charges. Changes in business strategy, government regulations, or economic or

15 

Table of Contents

market conditions have resulted and may result in further substantial impairment write-downs of our intangible or other assets at any time in the future. In addition, we have been and may be
required in the future to recognize increased depreciation and amortization charges if we determine that the useful lives of our fixed assets are shorter than we originally estimated. Such changes could reduce our net income. 

Employee health and retiree health and pension benefit costs represent a significant expense to us. 

With approximately 408,000 employees, including approximately 340,000 in the U.S., our expenses relating to employee health and retiree
health and pension benefits are significant. In recent years, we have experienced significant increases in certain of these costs, largely as a result of economic factors beyond our control, including, in particular, ongoing increases in health care
costs well in excess of the rate of inflation. Continued increasing health-care costs, volatility in investment returns and discount rates, as well as changes in laws, regulations and assumptions used to calculate retiree health and pension benefit
expenses, may adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations or require significant contributions to our pension plans. 

We participate in a number of trustee-managed multi-employer pension and health and welfare plans for employees covered under collective bargaining agreements. Several factors could cause us to make
significantly higher future contributions to these plans, including unfavorable investment performance, increases in health care costs, changes in demographics, and increased benefits to participants. At this time, we are unable to determine the
amount of additional future contributions, if any, or whether any material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity would result from our participation in these plans. 

We may be subject to various claims and lawsuits that could result in significant expenditures. 

The nature of our business exposes us to the potential for various claims and litigation related to labor and employment, personal injury,
property damage, business practices, environmental liability and other matters. Any material litigation or a catastrophic accident or series of accidents could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of
operations. 

We may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, joint ventures or strategic alliances. 

As part of our business strategy, we may acquire businesses and form joint ventures or strategic alliances. Whether we realize the
anticipated benefits from these transactions depends, in part, upon the successful integration between the businesses involved, the performance of the underlying operation, capabilities or technologies and the management of the transacted
operations. Accordingly, our financial results could be adversely affected by our failure to effectively integrate the acquired operations, unanticipated performance issues, transaction-related charges, or charges for impairment of long-term assets
that we acquire. 

Insurance and claims expenses could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

We have a combination of both self-insurance and high-deductible insurance programs for the risks arising
out of the services we provide and the nature of our global operations, including claims exposure resulting from cargo loss, personal injury, property damage, aircraft and related liabilities, business interruption and workers’ compensation.
Workers’ compensation, automobile and general liabilities are determined using actuarial estimates of the aggregate liability for claims incurred and an estimate of incurred but not reported claims, on an undiscounted basis. Our accruals for
insurance reserves reflect certain actuarial assumptions and management judgments, which are subject to a high degree of variability. If the number or severity of claims for which we are retaining risk increases, our financial condition and results
of operations could be adversely affected. If we lose our ability to self-insure these risks, our insurance costs could materially increase and we may find it difficult to obtain adequate levels of insurance coverage. 

16 

Table of Contents