Our business segments are sensitive to economic conditions, consumer spending, shifts in fashion and industry and demographic
conditions. 

We are subject to seasonal variations and face numerous business risk factors. Consumer purchases of
discretionary retail items and specialty retail products, including our products, may decline during recessionary periods and also may decline at other times when disposable income is lower. A prolonged economic downturn could have a material
adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. There is a risk that consumer sentiment may decline due to economic and/or geo-political factors, which could negatively impact our financial position and results of
operations. 

Our performance is subject to worldwide economic conditions and their impact on levels of consumer spending
remain uncertain and may remain depressed for the foreseeable future. Some of the factors impacting discretionary consumer spending include general economic conditions, wages and employment, consumer debt, reductions in net worth based on severe
market declines, residential real estate and mortgage markets, taxation, fuel and energy prices, interest rates, consumer confidence and other macroeconomic factors. Consumer purchases of discretionary items, including our merchandise, generally
decline during recessionary periods and other periods where disposable income is adversely affected. The recent downturn in the economy may continue to affect consumer purchases of our merchandise and adversely impact our results of operations and
continued growth. The economic conditions may also affect the number of specialty retail businesses and their ability to purchase merchandise from our wholesale segment. It is difficult to predict how long the current uncertain economic, capital and
credit market conditions will continue and what impact they will have on our business. 

We rely heavily on our ability
to identify changes in fashion. 

Customer tastes and fashion trends are volatile and can change rapidly. Our success
depends in part on our ability to effectively predict and respond to changing fashion tastes and consumer demands, and to translate market trends into appropriate, saleable product offerings. Our inability to effectively determine these changes may
lead to higher seasonal inventory levels and a future need to increase markdowns to liquidate our inventory. Compared to our retail segment, our wholesale segment is more sensitive to changes in fashion trends because of longer lead times in the
manufacture and sale of its apparel. Our fashion decisions constitute a material risk and may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We may not be successful in expanding our business and opening new retail stores. 

Our growth strategy depends on our ability to open and operate new retail stores on a profitable basis. Our operating complexity will increase as our store base grows, and we may face challenges in
managing our future growth. Such growth will require that we continue to expand and improve our operating capabilities, and expand, train and manage our employee base. We may be unable to hire and train a sufficient number of qualified personnel or
successfully manage our growth. Our expansion prospects also depend on a number of other factors, many of which are beyond our control, including, among other things, competition, the availability of financing for capital expenditures and working
capital requirements, the availability of suitable sites for new store locations on acceptable lease terms,

11 

Table of Contents

and the availability of inventory. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve our store expansion goals, nor can there be any assurance that our newly opened stores will achieve
revenue or profitability levels comparable to those of our existing stores in the time periods estimated by us, or at all. If our stores fail to achieve, or are unable to sustain, acceptable revenue and profitability levels, we may incur significant
costs associated with closing those stores. 

Existing and increased competition in the specialty retail,
direct-to-consumer and wholesale apparel businesses may reduce our net revenues, profits and market share. 

The
specialty retail, direct-to-consumer and the wholesale apparel businesses are each highly competitive. Our retail stores compete on the basis of, among other things, the location of our stores, the breadth, quality, style, and availability of
merchandise, the level of customer service offered and merchandise price. Our Anthropologie and Free People stores also face competition from small boutiques that offer an individualized shopping experience similar to the one we strive to provide to
our target customers. In addition, some of our suppliers offer products directly to consumers and certain of our competitors. Our Free People and Leifsdottir wholesale businesses compete with numerous wholesale companies based on the quality,
fashion and price of our wholesale product offerings, many of whose products have wider distribution than ours. Many of our competitors have substantially greater name recognition as well as financial, marketing and other resources. We cannot assure
you that we will continue to be able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors. Due to difficult economic conditions our competitors may force a markdown or promotional sales environment which could hurt our ability to achieve
our historical profit margins. Our expansion into markets served by our competitors and entry of new competitors or expansion of existing competitors into our markets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

We depend on key personnel and may not be able to retain or replace these employees or recruit
additional qualified personnel, which would harm our business. 

We believe that we have benefited substantially from
the leadership and experience of our senior executives, including our Chairman, President and co-founder, Richard A. Hayne, and our Chief Executive Officer, Glen T. Senk. The loss of the services of any of our senior executives could have a material
adverse effect on our business and prospects, as we may not be able to find suitable management personnel to replace departing executives on a timely basis. We do not have an employment agreement with Mr. Hayne, Mr. Senk or any of our
other key personnel. In addition, as our business expands, we believe that our future success will depend greatly on our continued ability to attract and retain highly skilled and qualified personnel. There is a high level of competition for
personnel in the retail industry. Our inability to meet our staffing requirements in the future could impair our ability to increase revenue and could otherwise harm our business. 

We could be materially and adversely affected if any of our distribution centers are closed. 

We operate four distribution facilities worldwide to support our retail and wholesale business segments in the United States, Western Europe
and Canada, and for fulfillment of catalog and web site orders. The merchandise purchased for our United States and Canadian retail operation is shipped directly to our distribution centers in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania and Reno, Nevada while
merchandise purchased for our direct-to-consumer and wholesale operations is shipped directly to our

12 

Table of Contents

fulfillment center in Trenton, South Carolina. The merchandise purchased for our Western Europe retail and direct-to-consumer operations is shipped to Essex, England. If any of our distribution
centers were to close for any reason, the other distribution centers may not be able to support the resulting additional distribution demands. As a result, we could incur significantly higher costs and longer lead times associated with distributing
our products to our stores during the time it takes for us to re-open or replace the center. 

We rely significantly on
foreign sources of production. 

We receive a substantial portion of our apparel and other merchandise from foreign
sources, both purchased directly in foreign markets and indirectly through domestic vendors with foreign sources. To the extent that our vendors are located overseas or rely on overseas sources for a large portion of their products, any event
causing a disruption of imports, including the imposition of import restrictions, war, acts of terrorism and natural disasters could adversely affect our business. If imported goods become difficult or impossible to bring into the United States, and
if we cannot obtain such merchandise from other sources at similar costs, our sales and profit margins may be adversely affected. The flow of merchandise from our vendors could also be adversely affected by financial or political instability in any
of the countries in which the goods we purchase are manufactured, if the instability affects the production or export of merchandise from those countries. Trade restrictions in the form of tariffs or quotas, or both, applicable to the products we
sell could also affect the importation of those products and could increase the cost and reduce the supply of products available to us. In addition, decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies could increase the cost of
products we purchase from overseas vendors. 

Our operating results fluctuate from period to period. 

Our business experiences seasonal fluctuations in net sales and operating income, with a more significant portion of operating income
typically realized during the five-month period from August 1 to December 31 of each year (the back-to-school and holiday periods). Any decrease in sales or margins during this period, or in the availability of working capital needed in
the months preceding this period, could have a more material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations than in other periods. Seasonal fluctuations also affect our inventory levels, as we usually order merchandise
in advance of peak selling periods and sometimes before new fashion trends are confirmed by customer purchases. We must carry a significant amount of inventory, especially before the back-to-school and holiday selling periods. If we are not
successful in selling our inventory during this period, we may be forced to rely on markdowns or promotional sales to dispose of the inventory or we may not be able to sell the inventory at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may be unable to protect our trademarks and other
intellectual property rights. 

We believe that our trademarks and service marks are important to our success and our
competitive position due to their name recognition with our customers. We devote substantial resources to the establishment and protection of our trademarks and service marks on a worldwide basis. We are not aware of any valid claims of infringement
or challenges to our right to use any of our trademarks and service marks in the United States. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that the actions we have taken to establish and protect our trademarks and service marks will be adequate to

13 

Table of Contents

prevent imitation of our products by others or to prevent others from seeking to block sales of our products as a violation of the trademarks, service marks and intellectual property of others.
Also, others may assert rights in, or ownership of, trademarks and other intellectual property of ours and we may not be able to successfully resolve these types of conflicts to our satisfaction. In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries
may not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. 

War, acts of terrorism, or
the threat of either may negatively impact availability of merchandise and/or otherwise adversely impact our business. 

In the event of war or acts of terrorism, or if either are threatened, our ability to obtain merchandise available for sale in our stores may be negatively impacted. A substantial portion of our merchandise is imported from other countries,
see “We rely significantly on foreign sources of production” on page 13. If commercial transportation is curtailed or substantially delayed, our business may be adversely impacted, as we may have difficulty shipping merchandise to
our distribution centers and stores, as well as fulfilling catalog and web site orders. In the event of war or acts of terrorism, or the threat of either, we may be required to suspend operations in some or all of our stores, which could have a
material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may not be successful in
introducing additional store concepts. 

We may, from time to time, seek to develop and introduce new concepts or brands
in addition to our existing Urban Outfitters, Anthropologie, Free People, Leifsdottir and Terrain brands. Our ability to succeed in these new concepts could require significant capital expenditures and management attention. Additionally, any new
concept is subject to certain risks, including customer acceptance, competition, product differentiation, challenges relating to economies of scale in merchandise sourcing and the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, including
management and designers. There can be no assurance that we will be able to develop and grow these or any other new concepts to a point where they will become profitable, or generate positive cash flow. If we cannot successfully develop and grow
these new concepts, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely impacted. 

We may develop new
store concepts through acquisitions and we may not be successful in integrating those acquisitions. 

Acquisitions
involve numerous risks, including the diversion of our management’s attention from other business concerns, the possibility that current operating and financial systems and controls may be inadequate to deal with our growth and the potential
loss of key employees. 

We also may encounter difficulties in integrating any businesses we may acquire with our existing
operations. The success of these transactions depends on our ability to: 

•

 successfully merge corporate cultures and operational and financial systems; 

•

 realize cost reduction synergies; and 

•

 as necessary, retain key management members and technical personnel of acquired companies. 

In addition, there may be liabilities that we fail, or are unable, to discover in the course of performing due diligence investigations on
any company that we may acquire, or have recently

14 

Table of Contents

acquired. Also, there may be additional costs relating to acquisitions including, but not limited to, possible purchase price adjustments. Any of our rights to indemnification from sellers to us,
even if obtained, may not be enforceable, collectible or sufficient in amount, scope or duration to fully offset the possible liabilities associated with the business or property acquired. Any such liabilities, individually or in the aggregate,
could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

Our internet sales are subject to
operational risk. 

We sell merchandise over the Internet through our web sites. Our Internet operations are subject to
numerous risks, including reliance on third party computer hardware/software, rapid technological change, diversion of sales from our stores, liability for online content, violations of state or federal laws, including those relating to online
privacy, credit card fraud, risks related to the failure of the computer systems that operate our websites and their related support systems, including computer viruses, telecommunications failures and electronic break-ins and similar disruptions.
If our websites were disrupted for any material length of time for the reasons described above or any other reasons, our sales and profitability may suffer. There is no assurance that our Internet operations will continue to achieve sales and
profitability growth. 

Manufacturer compliance with our social compliance program requirements. 

We have a compliance program that is monitored on an annual basis by our buying offices. Our production facilities are either certified as in
compliance with our program, or areas of improvement are identified and corrective follow-up action is taken. All manufacturing facilities are required to follow applicable national labor laws, as well as international compliance standards regarding
workplace safety, such as standards that require clean and safe working environments, clearly marked exits and paid overtime. We believe in protecting the safety and working rights of the people who produce the goods sold in our stores and through
our wholesale business, while recognizing and respecting cultural and legal differences found throughout the world. We require our outside vendors to register through an online website and agree that they and their suppliers will abide by certain
standards and conditions of employment. 

Our investments in auction rate securities are subject to risks which may
affect the liquidity of these investments and could cause an impairment charge. 

Approximately 4.5% of our cash, cash
equivalents and marketable securities are invested in “A” or better rated Auction Rate Securities (“ARS”) that represent interests in municipal and student loan related collateralized debt obligations, all of which are guaranteed
by either government agencies and/or insured by private insurance agencies up to 97% or greater of par value. Historically, investments in ARS have been highly liquid, however, if an auction for the securities we own fails, the investments may not
be readily convertible. Liquidity for ARS is typically provided by an auction process that resets the applicable interest rate at pre-determined intervals, usually 7, 28, 35 or 90 days. The principal associated with failed auctions will not be
available until either a successful auction occurs, the bond is called by the issuer, a buyer is found from outside the auction process or the debt obligation reaches its maturity. Our ARS had a par value of $37.6 million and a fair value of
$33.5 million as of January 31, 2010. As of January 31, 2010 all of our ARS have failed to liquidate at auction due to lack of market demand. Based on review of credit quality, collateralization, final stated maturity, estimates of the
probability of being called or becoming liquid prior to final maturity,

15 

Table of Contents

redemptions of similar ARS, previous market activity for same investment security, impact due to extended periods of maximum auction rates and valuation models, we have recorded a $4.1 million
temporary impairment on our ARS as of January 31, 2010. To date, we have collected all interest receivable on outstanding ARS when due and have not been informed by the issuers that accrued interest payments are currently at risk. We do not
have the intent to sell the underlying securities prior to their recovery and we believe it is not likely that we will be required to sell the underlying securities prior to their anticipated recovery of full amortized cost. We cannot assure that
further impairment to our ARS will not occur.