There are a number of
 factors, including those specified below, that may adversely
 affect the Company’s business, financial results or stock
 price. Additional risks that the Company currently does not know
 about or currently views as immaterial may also impair the
 Company’s business or adversely impact its financial
 results or stock price.

 Industry Risk
 Factors

 The
 Company’s business and financial results are significantly
 affected by general business and economic conditions

The Company’s
 business activities and earnings are affected by general
 business conditions in the United States and abroad. These
 conditions include short-term and long-term interest rates,
 inflation, monetary supply, fluctuations in both debt and equity
 capital markets, and the strength of the United States economy
 and the local economies in which the Company operates. For
 example, an economic downturn, an increase in unemployment, a
 decline in real estate values or other events that affect
 household
 and/or
 corporate incomes could result in a deterioration of credit
 quality, a change in the allowance for credit losses, or reduced
 demand for credit or fee-based products and services. Changes in
 the financial performance and condition of the Company’s
 borrowers could negatively affect repayment of those
 borrowers’ loans. In addition, changes in securities market
 conditions and monetary fluctuations could adversely affect the
 availability and terms of funding necessary to meet the
 Company’s liquidity needs.

 Changes in the
 domestic interest rate environment could reduce the
 Company’s net interest income

The operations of
 financial institutions such as the Company are dependent to a
 large degree on net interest income, which is the difference
 between interest income from loans and investments and interest
 expense on deposits and borrowings. An institution’s net
 interest income is significantly affected by market rates of
 interest, which in turn are affected by prevailing economic
 conditions, by the fiscal and monetary policies of the federal
 government and by the policies of various regulatory agencies.
 Like all financial institutions, the Company’s balance
 sheet is affected by fluctuations in interest rates. Volatility
 in interest rates can also result in the flow of funds away from
 financial institutions into direct investments. Direct
 investments, such as U.S. Government and corporate
 securities and other investment vehicles (including mutual
 funds) generally pay higher rates of return than financial
 institutions, because of the absence of federal insurance
 premiums and reserve requirements.

 Changes in the
 laws, regulations and policies governing financial services
 companies could alter the Company’s business environment
 and adversely affect operations

The Board of
 Governors of the Federal Reserve System regulates the supply of
 money and credit in the United States. Its fiscal and monetary
 policies determine in a large part the Company’s cost of
 funds for lending and investing and the return that can be
 earned on those loans and investments, both of which affect the
 Company’s net interest margin. Federal Reserve Board
 policies can also materially affect the value of financial
 instruments that the Company holds, such as debt securities and
 mortgage servicing rights.

 The Company and its bank subsidiaries are heavily regulated at
 the federal and state levels. This regulation is to protect
 depositors, federal deposit insurance funds and the banking
 system as a whole. Congress and state legislatures and federal
 and state agencies continually review banking laws, regulations
 and policies for possible changes. Changes in statutes,
 regulations or policies could affect the Company in substantial
 and unpredictable ways, including limiting the types of
 financial services and products that the Company offers
 and/or
 increasing the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial
 services and products. The Company cannot predict whether any of
 this potential legislation will be enacted, and if enacted, the
 effect that it or any regulations would have on the
 Company’s financial condition or results of operations.

 U.S. BANCORP  115

 The financial
 services industry is highly competitive, and competitive
 pressures could intensify and adversely affect the
 Company’s financial results

The Company operates
 in a highly competitive industry that could become even more
 competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and
 technological changes and continued consolidation. The Company
 competes with other commercial banks, savings and loan
 associations, mutual savings banks, finance companies, mortgage
 banking companies, credit unions and investment companies. In
 addition, technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it
 possible for non-banks to offer products and services
 traditionally provided by banks. Many of the Company’s
 competitors have fewer regulatory constraints and some have
 lower cost structures. Also, the potential need to adapt to
 industry changes in information technology systems, on which the
 Company and financial services industry are highly dependent,
 could present operational issues and require capital spending.

 Changes in
 consumer use of banks and changes in consumer spending and
 saving habits could adversely affect the Company’s
 financial results

Technology and other
 changes now allow many consumers to complete financial
 transactions without using banks. For example, consumers can pay
 bills and transfer funds directly without going through a bank.
 This “disintermediation” could result in the loss of
 fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and income
 generated from those deposits. In addition, changes in consumer
 spending and saving habits could adversely affect the
 Company’s operations, and the Company may be unable to
 timely develop competitive new products and services in response
 to these changes that are accepted by new and existing customers.

 Acts or
 threats of terrorism and political or military actions taken by
 the United States or other governments could adversely affect
 general economic or industry conditions

Geopolitical
 conditions may also affect the Company’s earnings. Acts or
 threats of terrorism and political or military actions taken by
 the United States or other governments in response to terrorism,
 or similar activity, could adversely affect general economic or
 industry conditions.

 Company Risk
 Factors

 The
 Company’s allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to
 cover actual losses

Like all financial
 institutions, the Company maintains an allowance for loan losses
 to provide for loan defaults and non-performance. The
 Company’s allowance for loan losses is based on its
 historical loss experience as well as an evaluation of the risks
 associated with its loan portfolio, including the size and
 composition of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions
 and geographic concentrations within the portfolio. The strength
 of the United States economy and the local economies which the
 Company does business may be different than expected, resulting
 in, among other things, an increased deterioration in credit
 quality of our loan portfolio, or in the value of collateral
 securing those loans. The Company’s allowance for loan
 losses may not be adequate to cover actual loan losses, and
 future provisions for loan losses could materially and adversely
 affect its financial results.

 The Company
 may suffer losses in its loan portfolio despite its underwriting
 practices 

The
 Company seeks to mitigate the risks inherent in its loan
 portfolio by adhering to specific underwriting practices. These
 practices often include: analysis of a borrower’s credit
 history, financial statements, tax returns and cash flow
 projections; valuation of collateral based on reports of
 independent appraisers; and verification of liquid assets.
 Although the Company believes that its underwriting criteria are
 appropriate for the various kinds of loans it makes, the Company
 may incur losses on loans that meet these criteria.

 The
 Company’s investment portfolio values may be adversely
 impacted by changing interest rates and deterioration in the
 credit quality of underlying collateral within a structured
 investment 

The
 Company generally invests in government securities, securities
 issued by government-backed agencies or privately issued
 securities highly rated by credit rating agencies that may have
 limited credit risk, but, are subject to changes in market value
 due to changing interest rates and implied credit spreads.
 However, certain securities represent beneficial interests in
 structured investments which are collateralized by residential
 mortgages, collateralized debt obligations and other similar
 asset-backed assets. While these structured investments are
 highly rated by credit rating agencies at the time of initial
 investment, these credit ratings are subject to change due to
 deterioration in the credit quality of the underlying
 collateral. During recent months, these structured securities
 have been subject to significant market volatility due to the
 uncertainty of the credit ratings, deterioration in credit
 losses occurring within certain types of residential mortgages,
 changes in prepayments and the lack of transparency related to
 the structures and the collateral underlying the structured
 investment vehicles. Given recent market conditions and changing
 economic factors, the Company may have valuation losses or
 recognize impairment related to structured investments.

 Maintaining or
 increasing the Company’s market share may depend on
 lowering prices and market acceptance of new products and
 services 

The
 Company’s success depends, in part, on its ability to adapt
 its products and services to evolving industry standards. There
 is increasing pressure to provide products and services at lower
 prices. Lower prices

 116  U.S. BANCORP

 can reduce the Company’s net interest margin and revenues
 from its fee-based products and services. In addition, the
 widespread adoption of new technologies, including internet
 services, could require the Company to make substantial
 expenditures to modify or adapt the Company’s existing
 products and services. Also, these and other capital investments
 in the Company’s businesses may not produce expected growth
 in earnings anticipated at the time of the expenditure. The
 Company might not be successful in introducing new products and
 services, achieving market acceptance of its products and
 services, or developing and maintaining loyal customers.

 Because the
 nature of the financial services business involves a high volume
 of transactions, the Company faces significant operational risks

The Company operates
 in many different businesses in diverse markets and relies on
 the ability of its employees and systems to process a high
 number of transactions. Operational risk is the risk of loss
 resulting from the Company’s operations, including, but not
 limited to, the risk of fraud by employees or persons outside of
 the Company, the execution of unauthorized transactions by
 employees, errors relating to transaction processing and
 technology, breaches of the internal control system and
 compliance requirements and business continuation and disaster
 recovery. This risk of loss also includes the potential legal
 actions that could arise as a result of an operational
 deficiency or as a result of noncompliance with applicable
 regulatory standards, adverse business decisions or their
 implementation, and customer attrition due to potential negative
 publicity. In the event of a breakdown in the internal control
 system, improper operation of systems or improper employee
 actions, the Company could suffer financial loss, face
 regulatory action and suffer damage to its reputation.

 The change in
 residual value of leased assets may have an adverse impact on
 the Company’s financial results

The Company engages
 in leasing activities and is subject to the risk that the
 residual value of the property under lease will be less than the
 Company’s recorded asset value. Adverse changes in the
 residual value of leased assets can have a negative impact on
 the Company’s financial results. The risk of changes in the
 realized value of the leased assets compared to recorded
 residual values depends on many factors outside of the
 Company’s control, including supply and demand for the
 assets, collecting insurance claims, condition of the assets at
 the end of the lease term, and other economic factors.

 Negative
 publicity could damage the Company’s reputation and
 adversely impact its business and financial results

Reputation risk, or
 the risk to the Company’s earnings and capital from
 negative publicity, is inherent in the Company’s business.
 Negative publicity can result from the Company’s actual or
 alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending
 practices, corporate governance and acquisitions, and actions
 taken by government regulators and community organizations in
 response to those activities. Negative publicity can adversely
 affect the Company’s ability to keep and attract customers
 and can expose the Company to litigation and regulatory action.
 Because most of the Company’s businesses operate under the
 “U.S. Bank” brand, actual or alleged conduct by
 one business can result in negative publicity about other
 businesses the Company operates. Although the Company takes
 steps to minimize reputation risk in dealing with customers and
 other constituencies, the Company, as a large diversified
 financial services company with a high industry profile, is
 inherently exposed to this risk.

 The
 Company’s reported financial results depend on
 management’s selection of accounting methods and certain
 assumptions and estimates

The Company’s
 accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how the
 Company records and reports its financial condition and results
 of operations. The Company’s management must exercise
 judgment in selecting and applying many of these accounting
 policies and methods so they comply with generally accepted
 accounting principles and reflect management’s judgment of
 the most appropriate manner to report the Company’s
 financial condition and results. In some cases, management must
 select the accounting policy or method to apply from two or more
 alternatives, any of which might be reasonable under the
 circumstances, yet might result in the Company’s reporting
 materially different results than would have been reported under
 a different alternative.

 Certain accounting policies are critical to presenting the
 Company’s financial condition and results. They require
 management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments
 about matters that are uncertain. Materially different amounts
 could be reported under different conditions or using different
 assumptions or estimates. These critical accounting policies
 include: the allowance for credit losses; estimations of fair
 value; the valuation of mortgage servicing rights; the valuation
 of goodwill and other intangible assets; and income taxes.
 Because of the uncertainty of estimates involved in these
 matters, the Company may be required to do one or more of the
 following: significantly increase the allowance for credit
 losses
 and/or
 sustain credit losses that are significantly higher than the
 reserve provided; recognize significant impairment on its
 goodwill and other intangible asset balances; or significantly
 increase its accrued taxes liability.

 For more information, refer to “Critical Accounting
 Policies” in this Annual Report.

 Changes in
 accounting standards could materially impact the Company’s
 financial statements

From time to time,
 the

 U.S. BANCORP  117

 Financial Accounting Standards Board changes the financial
 accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation
 of the Company’s financial statements. These changes can be
 hard to predict and can materially impact how the Company
 records and reports its financial condition and results of
 operations. In some cases, the Company could be required to
 apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in the
 Company’s restating prior period financial statements.

 Acquisitions
 may not produce revenue enhancements or cost savings at levels
 or within timeframes originally anticipated and may result in
 unforeseen integration difficulties

The Company
 regularly explores opportunities to acquire financial services
 businesses or assets and may also consider opportunities to
 acquire other banks or financial institutions. The Company
 cannot predict the number, size or timing of acquisitions.

 Difficulty in integrating an acquired business or company may
 cause the Company not to realize expected revenue increases,
 cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence,
 and/or other
 projected benefits from the acquisition. The integration could
 result in higher than expected deposit attrition (run-off), loss
 of key employees, disruption of the Company’s business or
 the business of the acquired company, or otherwise adversely
 affect the Company’s ability to maintain relationships with
 customers and employees or achieve the anticipated benefits of
 the acquisition. Also, the negative effect of any divestitures
 required by regulatory authorities in acquisitions or business
 combinations may be greater than expected.

 The Company must generally receive federal regulatory approval
 before it can acquire a bank or bank holding company. In
 determining whether to approve a proposed bank acquisition,
 federal bank regulators will consider, among other factors, the
 effect of the acquisition on the competition, financial
 condition, and future prospects. The regulators also review
 current and projected capital ratios and levels, the competence,
 experience, and integrity of management and its record of
 compliance with laws and regulations, the convenience and needs
 of the communities to be served (including the acquiring
 institution’s record of compliance under the Community
 Reinvestment Act) and the effectiveness of the acquiring
 institution in combating money laundering activities. In
 addition, the Company cannot be certain when or if, or on what
 terms and conditions, any required regulatory approvals will be
 granted. The Company may be required to sell banks or branches
 as a condition to receiving regulatory approval.

 If new laws
 were enacted that restrict the ability of the Company and its
 subsidiaries to share information about customers, the
 Company’s financial results could be negatively affected

The Company’s
 business model depends on sharing information among the family
 of companies owned by U.S. Bancorp to better satisfy the
 Company’s customer needs. Laws that restrict the ability of
 the companies owned by U.S. Bancorp to share information
 about customers could negatively affect the Company’s
 revenue and profit.

 The
 Company’s business could suffer if the Company fails to
 attract and retain skilled people

The Company’s
 success depends, in large part, on its ability to attract and
 retain key people. Competition for the best people in most
 activities the Company engages in can be intense. The Company
 may not be able to hire the best people or to keep them.

 The Company
 relies on other companies to provide key components of the
 Company’s business infrastructure

Third party vendors
 provide key components of the Company’s business
 infrastructure such as internet connections, network access and
 mutual fund distribution. While the Company has selected these
 third party vendors carefully, it does not control their
 actions. Any problems caused by these third parties, including
 as a result of their not providing the Company their services
 for any reason or their performing their services poorly, could
 adversely affect the Company’s ability to deliver products
 and services to the Company’s customers and otherwise to
 conduct its business. Replacing these third party vendors could
 also entail significant delay and expense.

 Significant
 legal actions could subject the Company to substantial uninsured
 liabilities 

The
 Company is from time to time subject to claims related to its
 operations. These claims and legal actions, including
 supervisory actions by the Company’s regulators, could
 involve large monetary claims and significant defense costs. To
 protect itself from the cost of these claims, the Company
 maintains insurance coverage in amounts and with deductibles
 that it believes are appropriate for its operations. However,
 the Company’s insurance coverage may not cover all claims
 against the Company or continue to be available to the Company
 at a reasonable cost. As a result, the Company may be exposed to
 substantial uninsured liabilities, which could adversely affect
 the Company’s results of operations and financial condition.

 The Company is
 exposed to risk of environmental liability when it takes title
 to properties 

In the
 course of the Company’s business, the Company may foreclose
 on and take title to real estate. As a result, the Company could
 be subject to environmental liabilities with respect to these