An investment in the Company involves risk, including the possibility that the value of the investment could fall substantially and that dividends or other distributions on the investment could be reduced or eliminated. Below are material risk factors that make an investment in the Company speculative or risky. 

Economic and Market Conditions Risk 

Deterioration in business and economic conditions could adversely affect the Company’s lending business and the value of loans and debt securities it holds

The Company’s business activities and earnings are affected by general business conditions in the United States and abroad, including factors such as the level and volatility of short-term and long-term interest rates, inflation, home prices, unemployment and under-employment levels, bankruptcies, household income, consumer spending, fluctuations in both debt and equity capital markets, liquidity of the global financial markets, the availability and cost of capital and credit, investor sentiment and confidence in the financial markets, the strength of the domestic and global economies in which the Company operates, and customer deposit behavior. These conditions can change suddenly and negatively. For example, volatility due to failures of other banks or general uncertainty regarding the health of banks may affect customer deposit behavior and cause deposit withdrawals, even in situations where USBNA is not itself experiencing the same uncertainty. Other future changes in these conditions, whether related to a pandemic, geopolitical conflict, the threat or occurrence of a U.S. sovereign default or government shutdown, bank failures, other disruptions in the financial services industry or otherwise, could have adverse effects on the Company and its businesses. 

Given the high percentage of the Company’s assets represented directly or indirectly by loans, and the importance of lending to its overall business, weak economic conditions have in the past negatively affected, and may in the future negatively affect, the Company’s business and results of operations, including new loan origination activity, existing loan utilization rates and delinquencies, defaults and the ability of customers to meet obligations under the loans. The value to the Company of other assets such as investment securities, most of which are debt securities or other financial instruments supported by loans, similarly have been, and would be, negatively impacted by widespread deterioration in credit quality resulting from a weakening of the economy. 

136 
U.S. Bancorp 2024 Annual Report

In addition, volatility and uncertainty related to inflation or a possible recession and their effects may contribute to or enhance some of the risks described herein. For example, higher inflation, slower growth or a recession has in the past reduced demand for borrowing from both corporate and consumer customers and could in the future reduce demand for the Company’s products, adversely affect the creditworthiness of its borrowers or result in lower values for its interest-earning assets and investment securities. Any of these effects, or others that the Company is not able to predict, could adversely affect its financial condition or results of operations. 

Any deterioration in global economic conditions could damage the domestic economy or negatively affect the Company’s borrowers or other counterparties that have direct or indirect exposure to these regions. Such global disruptions, including disruptions in supply chains or geopolitical risk, can undermine investor confidence, cause a contraction of available credit, or create market volatility, any of which could have material adverse effects on the Company’s businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, even if the Company’s direct exposure to the affected region is limited. Global political trends toward nationalism and isolationism could increase the probability of a deterioration in global economic conditions.

Changes in domestic economic, labor, trade or tax policies may arise from recent transitions in political leadership in the United States. Such policy changes could disrupt economic conditions, cause uncertainty, negatively affect some sectors of the domestic market more than others, erode consumer confidence levels, cause adverse changes in payment patterns, lead to increases in delinquencies and default rates in certain industries or regions, or have other negative market or customer impacts. Any of these developments could increase the Company’s loan charge-offs and provision for credit losses. Any future economic deterioration that affects household or corporate incomes, or that causes or amplifies concerns regarding the possibility of a return to recessionary conditions, could also result in reduced demand for credit or fee-based products and services. 

Changes in interest rates have in the past reduced, and could in the future reduce, the Company’s net interest income
 The Company’s earnings are dependent to a large degree on net interest income, which is the difference between interest income from loans and investments and interest expense on deposits and borrowings. Net interest income is significantly affected by market rates of interest, which in turn are affected by prevailing economic conditions, by the fiscal and monetary policies of the federal government and by the policies of various regulatory agencies. Volatility in interest rates can also result in the flow of funds away from financial institutions into direct investments. Direct investments, such as United States government and corporate securities and other investment vehicles (including mutual funds), generally pay higher rates of return than financial institutions. In order to prevent outflows and compete for a shrinking pool of deposits, banks, including USBNA, have historically and 

may in the future increase deposit rates, which could decrease net interest income. All of these factors may cause USBNA to lose some of its low-cost deposit funding. Customers may also continue to move noninterest-bearing deposits into interest-bearing accounts, thus increasing overall deposit costs. Higher funding costs reduce the Company’s net interest margin and net interest income. A prolonged period of high or increasing interest rates may cause the Company to experience an acceleration of deposit migration, which could adversely affect the Company’s operations and liquidity. This risk is exacerbated by technological developments and trends in customer behavior, including the ease and speed with which deposits may be transferred electronically, particularly by a growing number of customers who maintain accounts with multiple banks.

The Federal Reserve Board raised benchmark interest rates throughout 2022 and 2023 in response to economic conditions, particularly inflationary pressures, and in 2024 began to lower interest rates. Meanwhile, longer-term interest rates, while volatile, have remained elevated. 

Historically, when interest rates are increasing, or when long-term rates are elevated relative to short-term rates, the Company has earned higher net interest income, and conversely, decreasing interest rates, or situations when long-term rates are compressed relative to, or lower than, short-term rates, have adversely impacted the Company's net interest income. However, higher interest rates can also lead to fewer originations of loans, less liquidity in the financial markets, and higher funding costs, each of which could adversely affect the Company’s revenues and its liquidity and capital levels. Higher interest rates could also negatively affect the payment performance on loans that are scheduled to mature or are linked to variable interest rates. If borrowers of variable rate loans are unable to afford higher interest payments, those borrowers may reduce or stop making payments, thereby causing the Company to incur losses and increased operational costs related to servicing a higher volume of delinquent loans. In 2022 and 2023, as a result of the high interest rate environment, the Company earned higher net interest income but experienced fewer originations of mortgage loans and higher funding costs. During the first half of 2024, interest rates remained elevated, which drove funding costs higher, but over the second half of the year, net interest income began to expand as funding costs stabilized and began to decrease.

The Company’s results may be materially affected by market fluctuations and significant changes in the value of financial instruments

The value of securities, derivatives and other financial instruments which the Company owns or in which it makes markets can be materially affected by market fluctuations. Market volatility, illiquid market conditions and other disruptions in the financial markets may make it extremely difficult to value certain financial instruments. Subsequent valuations of financial instruments in future periods, in light of factors then prevailing, may result in significant changes in the value of these instruments. In addition, at the time of any disposition of these financial instruments, the price that the 

137

Company ultimately realizes will depend on the demand and liquidity in the market at that time and may be materially lower than their current fair value. Any of these factors could cause a decline in the value of financial instruments that the Company owns or in which it makes markets, which may have an adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations. In addition, losses in the value of the Company’s investment securities or loan portfolio could affect market perception of the Company and create volatility in the Company’s stock price. Losses in the value of the Company’s investment securities, even if they do not affect earnings or capital, could also cause some depositors, particularly those who maintain uninsured and uncollateralized deposits, to question the stability of USBNA and to move their deposits away from USBNA. Such events could negatively affect the Company’s liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.

Changes in United States trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs and retaliatory tariffs, may adversely impact the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations

There have been recent changes to United States trade policies and tariffs, including trade policies and tariffs affecting China, Canada and Mexico, and the imposition of, or the potential for the imposition of, retaliatory tariffs by such countries. There could be additional changes to trade policies, tariffs and treaties with these and other countries in the future. Such tariffs, retaliatory tariffs or other trade restrictions on products and materials that the Company’s customers import or export could cause the prices of its customers’ products to increase, which could reduce demand for, or margins on, such products. Any of these effects could adversely affect the ability of the Company’s customers to service debt. Additionally, if prices of consumer goods increase materially as a result of tariffs, the ability of individual households to service debt may be negatively affected. If the Company’s customers are unable to service their debt, it would adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. At this time, the Company and others are unable to predict whether and to what extent further tariffs and retaliatory tariffs may be imposed or what effect changes in the U.S. political administration may have on existing international trade agreements and policies. This uncertainty complicates business planning for the Company’s customers in certain industries, which may adversely affect the Company’s financial results if such customers change their spending and borrowing patterns in response to the current uncertainty.

Operations and Business Risk

A breach in the security of the Company’s information systems, or the information systems of certain third parties, or a critical technology failure could disrupt the Company’s businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage its reputation and create significant financial and legal risk

The Company continues to experience an increasing number of attempted attacks on its information systems, software, networks and other technologies. The Company’s security measures may 

not be effective against all threats, including new and emerging threats. Malicious actors continue to develop increasingly sophisticated methods of attack that could impact the Company, including attack methods that are aided by advanced artificial intelligence (“AI”) models and other tools. Many financial institutions, retailers and other companies engaged in data processing and collection, including software and information technology service providers, have reported cyber attacks, some of which involved sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy or ransom data, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems, often through the introduction of software that is intentionally included or inserted in an information system for a harmful purpose (malware). 

Attacks on government institutions, financial institutions, technology service providers, or other institutions important to the overall functioning of the financial system could also adversely affect, directly or indirectly, aspects of the Company’s businesses. The increasing consolidation, interdependence and complexity of financial entities and technology systems increases the risk of operational failure, both for the Company and on an industry-wide basis, and means that a technology failure, cyber attack, or other breach that significantly degrades, deletes or compromises the systems or data of one or more financial entities could materially affect the Company, its counterparties or other market participants. 

Third parties that facilitate the Company’s business activities, including exchanges, clearinghouses, payment and ATM networks, financial intermediaries and vendors that provide services or technology solutions for the Company’s operations, are also sources of operational and security risks to the Company due to operational or technical failures of their systems, misconduct or negligence by their employees or cyber attacks that could affect their ability to deliver a product or service to the Company, resulting in lost or compromised Company or customer information. Furthermore, a third party may not reveal an attack or system failure to the Company in a timely manner, which could compromise the Company’s ability to respond effectively. Some of these third parties may engage vendors of their own, which introduces the risk that the third party’s vendors and subcontractors could be the source of operational and security failures. In addition, if a third party obtains access to the customer account data on the Company’s systems, and that party experiences a breach via an external or internal threat or misappropriates such data, the Company and its customers could suffer material harm, including heightened risk of fraudulent transactions, losses from fraudulent transactions, increased operational costs to remediate any security breach and legal and reputational harm. These risks are expected to continue to increase as the Company expands its interconnectivity with its customers and other third parties. 

Within the past several years, multiple companies have disclosed significant cybersecurity incidents affecting debit and credit card accounts of their customers, some of whom were the Company’s cardholders and who may experience fraud on their card accounts because of the breach. The 

138 
U.S. Bancorp 2024 Annual Report

Company has suffered, and expects to suffer in the future, losses associated with reimbursing its customers for such fraudulent transactions and for other costs related to data security compromise events, such as replacing cards associated with compromised card accounts. These attacks involving Company cards are expected to continue and could, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition or results of operations. 

The Company may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive measures against all cyber attacks because malicious actor methods and techniques change frequently, increase in sophistication, often are not recognized until launched, sometimes go undetected even when successful, and originate from a wide variety of sources, including organized crime, hackers, terrorists, activists, hostile foreign governments and other external parties. Those parties may attempt to place their information technology workers as employees or contractors of the Company or the Company’s third-party vendors to attempt to gain access to the Company’s systems. Those parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of the Company’s systems to disclose sensitive information to gain access to the Company’s data or that of its customers or clients, such as through “phishing” and other social engineering schemes. For example, recent advances in AI may allow a bad actor to create so-called “deep fakes” to impersonate the voice or likeness of another individual, which could be used in social engineering schemes that may be more difficult to detect than other social engineering efforts. Attack methods may include the introduction of computer viruses and/or malicious or destructive code, denial-of-service attacks (DDoS), and cyber extortion with accompanying ransom demands. The Company’s information security risks may increase in the future as the Company continues to increase its mobile and internet-based product offerings and expands its internal usage of web-based products, data storage and other applications. In addition, the Company’s customers often use their own devices, such as computers, smart phones and tablets, to make payments and manage their accounts, and are subject to social engineering schemes, scam websites, and other attempts from cyber criminals to compromise or deny access to their accounts. The Company has limited ability to assure the safety and security of its customers’ transactions with the Company to the extent they are using their own devices, which have been, and likely will continue to be, subject to such threats. 

If the Company’s physical or cybersecurity systems are penetrated or circumvented, or an authorized user intentionally or unintentionally removes, loses or destroys critical business data, serious negative consequences for the Company can follow, including significant disruption of the Company’s operations, misappropriation of confidential Company and/or customer information, or damage to the Company’s, customers’ or counterparties’ computers or systems. These consequences could result in violations of privacy and other applicable laws; financial loss to the Company or to its customers; loss of confidence in the 

Company’s security measures; customer dissatisfaction; significant litigation exposure; regulatory investigations, fines, penalties or intervention; reimbursement or other compensatory costs (including the costs of credit monitoring services); additional compliance costs; and harm to the Company’s reputation, all of which could adversely affect the Company. 

Because the investigation of any cybersecurity incident is inherently unpredictable and would require substantial time to complete, the Company may not be able to quickly remediate the consequences of any incident, which may increase the costs of, and enhance the negative consequences associated with, an incident. In addition, to the extent the Company’s insurance covers aspects of any cybersecurity incident, such insurance may not be sufficient to cover all the Company’s losses. 

The Company relies on its employees, systems and third parties to conduct its business, and certain failures by systems or misconduct by employees or third parties could adversely affect its operations

The Company operates in many different businesses in diverse markets and relies on the ability of its employees and systems to process a high number of transactions. The Company’s business, financial, accounting, data processing, and other operating systems and facilities may stop operating properly or become disabled or damaged due to a number of factors, including events that are out of its control. In addition to the risks posed by cybersecurity incidents, as discussed above, such systems could be compromised because of spikes in transaction volume, electrical or telecommunications outages, critical technology failures, degradation or loss of internet or website availability, natural disasters, political or social unrest, and terrorist acts. The Company’s business operations may be adversely affected by significant disruption to the operating systems that support its businesses and customers. The Company’s resiliency systems could become compromised, which could negatively impact the ability to back up data.

The Company could also incur losses resulting from the risk of human error by employees, misconduct or fraud by employees or persons outside the Company, unauthorized access to its computer systems, the execution of unauthorized transactions by employees, errors relating to transaction processing and technology, breaches of the internal control system and compliance requirements, and failures of business continuation and disaster recovery processes and systems. This risk of loss also includes customer remediation costs, potential legal actions, fines or civil money penalties that could arise resulting from an operational deficiency or noncompliance with applicable regulatory standards, adverse business decisions or their implementation, reputational harm, and customer attrition due to potential negative publicity. 

Third parties provide key components of the Company’s business infrastructure, such as internet connections, cloud services, network access and mutual fund distribution. Any problems caused by third-party service providers, including failing to comply with their contractual obligations or performing their services negligently, which could cause 

139

critical technology failures, could adversely affect the Company’s ability to deliver products and services to the Company’s customers and otherwise conduct its business. Replacing third-party service providers could also entail significant delay and expense. In addition, failure of third-party service providers to handle current or higher volumes of use could adversely affect the Company’s ability to deliver products and services to clients and otherwise conduct its business. Technological or financial difficulties of a third-party service provider could adversely affect the Company’s businesses to the extent those difficulties result in the interruption or discontinuation of services provided by that party. 

Operational risks for large financial institutions such as the Company have generally increased in recent years, in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, implementation of work-from-home and hybrid work arrangements, the use of internet services and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, the increased number and complexity of transactions being processed, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, activists, and other external parties. In the event of a breakdown in the Company’s internal control systems, improper operation of systems or improper employee or third-party actions, the Company could suffer financial loss, face legal or regulatory action and suffer damage to its reputation. 

The Company could face material legal and reputational harm if it fails to safeguard personal information

The Company is subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations, both inside and outside the United States, governing the privacy and protection of personal information. Individuals whose personal information may be protected by law include the Company’s customers and their customers, prospective customers, job applicants, current and former employees, employees of the Company’s suppliers, and other individuals. Complying with laws and regulations applicable to the Company’s collection, use, transfer and storage of personal information can increase operating costs, impact the development and marketing of new products or services, and reduce operational efficiency. Mishandling or misuse of personal information by the Company or its suppliers, including data breaches at third parties exposing personal information that have occurred and could occur in the future, have resulted in litigation against the Company and could result in additional litigation or regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions in the future. For example, in 2024, a state attorney general filed a claim in federal court against a bank for alleged failure to protect consumer accounts from fraud.

In the United States, several states have enacted consumer privacy laws that impose compliance obligations with respect to personal information. In particular, the California Consumer Privacy Act (the ”CCPA”), as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, and its implementing regulations impose significant requirements on covered businesses with respect to consumer data privacy rights. Compliance with the CCPA and other state statutes, 

common law, or regulations designed to protect personal information could potentially require substantial technology infrastructure and process changes across many of the Company’s businesses. Non-compliance with the CCPA or similar laws and regulations could lead to substantial regulatory fines and penalties, damages from private causes of action, compelled changes to the Company’s business practices, and/or reputational harm. The Company cannot predict whether any pending or future state or federal legislation will be adopted, or the impact of any such adopted legislation on the Company. Future legislation could result in substantial costs to the Company and could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition, and results of operations.

In addition, legal requirements for cross-border personal data transfers vary across jurisdictions, such as in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom, and are evolving rapidly. Compliance with this changing landscape of privacy requirements could potentially compel the Company to make significant technological and operational changes, any of which could result in substantial costs to the Company, and failure to comply with applicable data transfer or privacy requirements could subject the Company to fines or regulatory investigation or oversight. 

Additional risks could arise from the failure of the Company or third parties to provide adequate notice to the Company’s customers about the personal information collected from them and the use of such information; to receive, document, and honor the privacy preferences expressed by the Company’s customers; to protect personal information from unauthorized disclosure; or to maintain proper training on privacy practices for all employees or third parties who have access to personal information. Concerns regarding the effectiveness of the Company’s measures to safeguard personal information and abide by privacy preferences, or even the perception that those measures are inadequate or that the Company does not abide by such privacy preferences, could cause the Company to lose existing or potential customers and thereby reduce its revenues. In addition, any failure or perceived failure by the Company to comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws and regulations has subjected, and may in the future subject, the Company to litigation and could result in requirements to modify or cease certain operations or practices, and/or incur material liabilities or regulatory fines, penalties, or other sanctions. Refer to “Supervision and Regulation” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding data privacy laws and regulations. Any of these outcomes could materially damage the Company’s reputation and otherwise adversely affect its business. 

The Company could lose market share and experience increased costs if it does not effectively develop and implement new technology

The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services, including innovative ways that customers can make payments or manage their accounts, such as through the use of mobile payments, digital wallets or digital currencies. The Company believes its success depends, in 

140 
U.S. Bancorp 2024 Annual Report

part, upon its ability to address customer needs by using technology to provide products and services and create additional efficiencies in the Company’s operations. When launching a new product or service or introducing a new platform for the delivery of products and services, the Company might not identify or fully appreciate the operational risks arising from those innovations or might inadvertently fail to implement adequate controls to mitigate those risks. Developing and deploying new technology-driven products and services can also involve costs that the Company may not recover and divert resources away from other product development efforts. The Company’s products and services may also rely on certain hardware, software, or service companies for which there are few alternatives, and the costs charged by these vendors may increase significantly year to year. In addition to the risk posed by critical technology failures, the Company may not be able to effectively develop and implement profitable new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to its customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry, including because competitors may spend more resources on developing new technologies or because non-bank competitors have a lower cost structure and more flexibility, could harm the Company’s competitive position and negatively affect its revenue and profit. 

The use of new technologies, including AI and machine learning, may result in reputational harm, increased regulatory scrutiny and increased liability
 The banking industry is subject to rapid and significant technological change. To compete effectively, the Company uses new and evolving technologies, including AI and machine learning, to help improve its customer service, marketing, and products, to increase productivity for internal code development and testing, and to automate certain business decisions and risk management practices, such as fraud identification. The Company's use of AI and machine learning is subject to risks that algorithms and datasets are flawed or may be insufficient or contain biased information. In addition, the models and processes relating to AI and machine learning are not always transparent, which could increase the risk of unintended deficiencies. These deficiencies could result in inaccurate or ineffective decisions, predictions or analysis, which could subject the Company to competitive harm, legal liability, increased regulatory scrutiny, reputational harm or other consequences that the Company may not be able to predict, any of which could negatively affect the Company's financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, the legal and regulatory landscape impacting new technologies such as AI is evolving rapidly, and the inability to predict how this regulation will take shape and the absence of a uniform regulatory framework for AI may present unforeseen challenges in applying and relying on existing compliance systems. Complying with existing and new AI and data usage laws, and inconsistencies in regulation from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, could increase expenses and exposure to legal or regulatory proceedings.

Damage to the Company’s reputation could adversely impact its business and financial results

Reputation risk, or the risk to the Company’s business, earnings and capital from negative public opinion, is inherent in the Company’s business. Negative public opinion about the financial services industry generally or the Company specifically could adversely affect the Company’s ability to retain and attract stakeholders such as customers, investors, and employees and could expose the Company to litigation and regulatory action. Negative public opinion can result from the Company’s actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices, cybersecurity incidents, misuse or failure to safeguard personal information, inability to meet community and other stakeholder commitments, discriminating or harassing behavior of employees toward other employees or customers, mortgage servicing and foreclosure practices, compensation practices, sales practices, regulatory compliance, mergers and acquisitions, and actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to that conduct. Additionally, the Company’s stakeholders often hold differing views on how the Company should address environmental, social and sustainability matters, including diversity-related matters, and the Company may not be able to meet the diverging expectations of different stakeholder groups, which could result in negative attention in traditional and social media, resulting in a negative perception of the Company depending on an individual’s view. In addition, failure to make accurate disclosures on these or other topics, or to deliver against announced goals, commitments and plans on these or other topics, could present reputational, legal and financial harm to the Company. If the Company is unable to design or execute against business strategies, including with respect to environmental, social or sustainability matters, reputational damage could result, leading to a loss of customers or negative investor sentiment.

The Company’s business and financial performance could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by natural disasters, pandemics, terrorist activities, civil unrest or international hostilities

Neither the occurrence nor the potential impact of natural disasters, pandemics, terrorist activities, civil unrest or international hostilities can be predicted. However, these occurrences could impact the Company directly (for example, by interrupting the Company’s systems, which could prevent the Company from obtaining deposits, originating loans and processing and controlling its flow of business; causing significant damage to the Company’s facilities; or otherwise preventing the Company from conducting business in the ordinary course), or indirectly as a result of their impact on the Company’s borrowers, depositors, other customers, vendors or other counterparties (for example, by damaging properties pledged as collateral for the Company’s loans or impairing the ability of certain borrowers to repay their loans). The Company has also suffered, and could in the future suffer, adverse consequences to the extent that natural disasters, pandemics, terrorist activities, civil unrest or international hostilities, including the ongoing war in 

141

Ukraine and conflict in the Middle East, affect the financial markets or the economy in general or in any particular region. These occurrences have caused, and may in the future cause, operational disruptions and increases in delinquencies, bankruptcies or defaults that could result in the Company experiencing higher levels of nonperforming assets, net charge-offs and provisions for credit losses. 

The United States has in recent years faced periods of significant civil unrest. Although civil unrest has not materially affected the Company’s businesses to date, similar events could, directly or indirectly, have a material adverse effect on the Company’s operations (for example, by causing shutdowns of branches or working locations of vendors or other counterparties or damaging property pledged as collateral for the Company’s loans). 

The Company’s ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of these occurrences is in part dependent on the quality of the Company’s resiliency planning and the Company’s ability, if any, to anticipate the nature of any such event that occurs. The adverse effects of natural disasters, pandemics, terrorist activities, civil unrest or international hostilities also could be increased to the extent there is a lack of preparedness on the part of national or regional emergency responders or on the part of other organizations and businesses that the Company transacts with, particularly those that it depends upon, but has no control over.

The Company’s business strategy, operations, financial performance and customers could be materially adversely affected by the impacts related to climate change

Risks associated with climate change have affected, and may continue to affect, the Company and its customers and communities. The physical risks of climate change include chronic shifts in the climate, such as increasing average global temperatures, rising sea levels and an increase in the frequency and severity of extreme weather events and natural disasters, including wildfires, floods, tornadoes and hurricanes. The financial costs related to natural disasters have increased in recent years and may continue to do so in the future based on multiple factors. Such chronic shifts and disasters could disrupt the Company’s businesses and operations or the businesses and operations of the Company’s customers, vendors or counterparties, particularly with respect to those located in low-lying areas and coastlines that are more prone to flooding or other areas that are prone to wildfires and other disasters. Such chronic shifts and disasters could also adversely affect the Company’s business strategy and financial performance by, among other impacts, resulting in market volatility, negatively impacting customers’ ability to pay outstanding loans or fulfill other contractual obligations, damaging collateral or resulting in the deterioration of the value of collateral, or reducing availability or increasing costs of insurance, including insurance that protects property pledged as collateral for Company loans. 

To the extent the United States and global economies continue to transition to a low-carbon economy, transition risks may arise from changes in consumer preferences, technologies, public policies, and legal and regulatory requirements. New laws and regulations could result in 

significant costs as the Company implements compliance, disclosure and other programs. Failure to comply with any applicable laws or regulations could result in legal or regulatory sanctions and harm to the Company’s reputation. Failure to adequately consider transition risks in the Company’s operations could lead to a loss of market share, lower revenues, decreased asset values and higher credit costs. For example, a transition to a low-carbon economy could negatively affect the business of customers in carbon-intensive industries and reduce their creditworthiness.

These physical risks and transition risks could increase expenses or otherwise adversely impact the Company’s business strategy, operations, financial performance and customers. In particular, new laws, regulations or guidance, or the attitudes of regulators, shareholders, employees and customers regarding climate change, may affect the activities in which the Company engages and the products that the Company offers. An inability to adjust the Company’s business to mitigate the effects of physical and transition risks could result in higher operational and credit losses. In addition, the Company’s stakeholders’ views on climate change are diverse, dynamic, and rapidly changing, and the Company may not be able to meet the diverging expectations and priorities of different stakeholder groups, including regulators in different jurisdictions as further discussed in the risk factor “The Company is subject to significant financial and reputation risks from potential legal liability and governmental actions”. The Company could also experience increased expenses resulting from strategic planning, litigation and technology and market changes, and reputational harm as a result of negative public sentiment, regulatory scrutiny and reduced investor and stakeholder confidence due to the Company’s response to climate change and the Company’s climate change strategy.

Risks associated with climate change are continuing to evolve rapidly, making it difficult to assess the effects of climate change on the Company, and the Company expects that climate change-related risks will continue to evolve and increase over time. 

Regulatory and Legal Risk

The Company is subject to extensive and evolving government regulation and supervision, which can increase the cost of doing business, limit the Company’s ability to make investments and generate revenue, and lead to costly enforcement actions

Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors’ funds, the federal Deposit Insurance Fund, and the United States financial system as a whole, and not the Company’s debt holders or shareholders. These regulations, and the Company’s inability to act in certain instances without receiving prior regulatory approval, affect the Company’s lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy, ability to repurchase common stock, and ability to pursue strategic acquisitions, among other activities. 

The Company expects that its business will remain subject to extensive regulation and supervision and that the 

142 
U.S. Bancorp 2024 Annual Report

level of scrutiny and the enforcement environment may fluctuate over time, based on numerous factors, including bank failures, changes in the United States presidential administration or one or both houses of Congress and public sentiment regarding financial institutions (which can be influenced by scandals and other incidents that involve participants in the industry). In particular, recent changes in national political leadership have introduced uncertainty into the direction and timing of any future regulation. The Company expects the Trump administration will seek to implement a regulatory reform agenda that is significantly different than that of the Biden administration, impacting the rulemaking, supervision, examination and enforcement priorities of the federal banking agencies. Any potential new regulations or modifications to existing regulations and supervisory expectations may necessitate changes to the Company’s existing regulatory compliance and risk management infrastructure. In addition, changes in key personnel at the agencies that regulate the Company, including federal banking regulators, may result in differing interpretations of existing rules and guidelines and potentially more stringent enforcement and more severe penalties than previously experienced. In June 2024, the U.S. Supreme Court reversed its longstanding approach under the Chevron doctrine, which provided for judicial deference to regulatory agencies. As a result of this decision, there may be increased challenges to existing agency regulations, and it is uncertain how lower courts will apply the decision in the context of other regulatory schemes.

New regulations or modifications to existing regulations and supervisory expectations have increased, and may in the future increase, the Company’s costs over time and necessitate changes to the Company’s existing regulatory compliance and risk management infrastructure. In addition, regulatory changes may reduce the Company’s revenues (including by limiting the fees the Company may charge), limit the types of financial services and products it may offer, alter the investments it makes, affect the manner in which it operates its businesses, increase its litigation and regulatory costs should it fail to appropriately comply with new or modified laws and regulatory requirements, and increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products. 

Changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies, or their interpretation or implementation, and/or regulatory practices, requirements or expectations, could affect the Company in substantial and unpredictable ways. Complying with regulatory changes has at times resulted in significant expense for the Company, and these and other future regulatory changes could result in further significant expenses which could materially affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. In particular, regulators have proposed a number of regulations that, if they were to become effective, would affect the Company’s fee revenues and increase compliance costs for the Company. The potential effects on the Company remain uncertain due to legal challenges to many of the regulations as well as the recent changes in the U.S. presidential administration and control of the U.S. Senate, which are 

likely to result in changing federal or state regulatory priorities. Any shifts in state or federal regulatory priorities may also result in increased compliance costs and regulatory risks as new regulations are issued and enforcement priorities shift. Failure to comply with any new law or regulation could result in litigation, regulatory enforcement actions and harm to the Company’s reputation.

General regulatory practices, such as longer time frames to obtain regulatory approvals for acquisitions and other activities (and the resultant impact on businesses the Company may seek to acquire) and initiatives to reduce fees on certain products, could affect the Company’s ability or willingness to make certain acquisitions or introduce new products or services. These could affect the Company’s ability or willingness to provide certain products or services, necessitate changes to the Company’s business practices or reduce the Company’s revenues. 

Federal law grants substantial supervisory and enforcement powers to federal banking regulators and law enforcement agencies, including, among other things, the ability to assess significant civil or criminal monetary penalties, fines, or restitution; to issue cease and desist or removal orders; and to initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and institution-affiliated parties. The financial services industry continues to face scrutiny from bank supervisors in the examination process and stringent enforcement of regulations on both the federal and state levels, including with respect to mortgage-related practices, fair lending practices, fees charged by banks, student lending practices, sales practices and related incentive compensation programs, and other consumer compliance matters, as well as compliance with Bank Secrecy Act/anti-money laundering (“BSA/AML”) requirements and sanctions compliance requirements as administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control, and consumer protection issues more generally. This regulatory scrutiny, or the results of an investigation or examination, may lead to additional regulatory investigations or enforcement actions. There is no assurance that those actions will not result in regulatory settlements or other enforcement actions against the Company or any of the Company’s subsidiaries (including USBNA), which could cause the Company material financial and reputational harm. Furthermore, a single event involving a potential violation of law or regulation may give rise to numerous and overlapping investigations and proceedings, either by multiple federal and state agencies and officials in the United States or, in some instances, regulators and other governmental officials in foreign jurisdictions. In addition, another financial institution’s violation of law or regulation relating to a business activity or practice often will give rise to an investigation of the same or similar activities or practices of the Company. 

In general, the amounts paid by financial institutions in settlement of proceedings or investigations and the severity of other terms of regulatory settlements are likely to remain elevated. In some cases, governmental authorities have required criminal pleas or other extraordinary terms, including admissions of wrongdoing and the imposition of 

143

monitors, as part of such settlements, which could have significant consequences for a financial institution, including loss of customers, reputational harm, increased exposure to civil litigation, restrictions on the ability to access the capital markets, and the inability to operate certain businesses or offer certain products for a period of time. 

Non-compliance with sanctions laws and/or BSA/AML laws or failure to maintain an adequate BSA/AML compliance program can lead to significant monetary penalties and reputational damage. In addition, federal regulators evaluate the effectiveness of an applicant in combating money laundering when determining whether to approve a proposed bank merger, acquisition, restructuring, or other expansionary activity. There have been a number of significant enforcement actions against banks, broker-dealers and non-bank financial institutions with respect to sanctions laws and BSA/AML laws, and some have resulted in substantial penalties, including against the Company and USBNA in 2018. The adoption of cryptocurrency and blockchain technology has rapidly expanded in recent years, and future regulatory changes may lead to additional growth of digital assets. Cryptocurrency and other new forms of payment have resulted in increased BSA/AML compliance risks, particularly with respect to “know-your-customer” and transaction monitoring requirements.

Violations of laws and regulations or deemed deficiencies in risk management practices or consumer compliance also may be incorporated into the Company’s confidential supervisory ratings. A downgrade in these ratings, or these or other regulatory actions and settlements, could limit the Company’s ability to conduct expansionary activities for a period of time and require new or additional regulatory approvals before engaging in certain other business activities. 

Differences in regulation can affect the Company’s ability to compete effectively

The content and application of laws and regulations applicable to financial institutions vary according to the size of the institution, the jurisdictions in which the institution is organized and operates and other factors. Large institutions, such as the Company, often are subject to more stringent regulatory requirements and supervision than smaller institutions. In addition, financial technology companies and other non-bank competitors may not be subject to the prudential and consumer protection regulatory framework that applies to banks, or may be regulated by a national or state agency that does not have the same regulatory priorities or supervisory requirements as the Company’s regulators. These differences in regulation can impair the Company’s ability to compete effectively with competitors that are less regulated and that do not have similar compliance costs or restrictions on activities.

Stringent requirements related to capital and liquidity are applicable to larger banking organizations, including the Company, that may limit the Company’s ability to return earnings to shareholders or operate or invest in its business

If enacted as proposed, the “Basel 

III Endgame” rules would result in significant changes to regulatory capital rules applicable to the Company. The Company expects that, if adopted, the final rules will result in requirements for the Company to maintain increased levels of regulatory capital. These and other future changes to the implementation of these rules including the stress capital buffer, or additional capital- and liquidity-related rules, could require the Company to take further steps to increase its capital, increase its investment security holdings, divest assets or operations, or otherwise change aspects of its capital and/or liquidity measures, including in ways that may be dilutive to shareholders or could limit the Company’s ability to pay common stock dividends, repurchase its common stock, invest in its businesses or provide loans to its customers. 

The effects of external events and actions by the Federal Reserve Board have in the past limited and may in the future limit capital distributions, including suspension of the Company’s share repurchase program or reduction or suspension of the Company’s common stock dividend. In addition, bank failures in 2023 and the results of regulatory investigations into the failures has resulted in, and could result in further, increased regulatory scrutiny and heightened regulatory requirements, any of which could require the Company to expend significant time and effort to implement appropriate compliance procedures or to incur other expenses, and could negatively affect the Company’s financial condition or results of operations.

Further, in August 2023, the Federal Reserve Board, OCC and FDIC issued a proposed rule that would require, among other institutions, each Category III U.S. bank holding company, including the Company, and each insured depository institution with $100 billion or more in total consolidated assets that is a consolidated subsidiary of a Category III U.S. bank holding company, such as USBNA, to have minimum levels of outstanding long-term debt. The proposed rule is intended to improve the resolvability of the banking organizations covered by the rule. Any effects on the Company and USBNA will depend on the final form of any rulemaking, and may require the Company to change its current funding mix, including being required to raise additional long-term debt, which could adversely impact net interest margin and net interest income.

Refer to “Supervision and Regulation” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding the Company’s capital and liquidity requirements. 

The Company is subject to significant financial and reputation risks from potential legal liability and governmental actions

The Company faces significant legal risks in its businesses, and the volume of claims and amount of damages and penalties claimed in litigation and governmental proceedings against it and other financial institutions are substantial. Customers, clients and other counterparties make claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages, while banking regulators and certain other governmental authorities have focused on enforcement. The Company is named as a defendant or is otherwise involved in many legal proceedings, including 

144 
U.S. Bancorp 2024 Annual Report

class actions and other litigation. As a participant in the financial services industry, it is likely that the Company will continue to experience a high level of litigation and government scrutiny related to its businesses and operations in the future. Substantial legal liability or significant governmental action against the Company could materially impact the Company’s financial condition and results of operations (including because such matters may be resolved for amounts that exceed established accruals for a particular period) or cause significant reputational harm to the Company.

For example, banking organizations have been subject to claims regarding patent infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights in recent years which, in some cases, have resulted in large judgments against the banks. Such claims have in the past been brought against the Company, and if the Company is not successful in defending such claims or if new claims are brought or damages sought increase, the Company may incur substantial costs in defending such claims, regardless of their merit. If such claims are successful, the Company could be required to pay substantial damages and could suffer reputational and other harm.

In addition, lawmakers and regulators have proposed or adopted expansive requirements on environmental, social and sustainability matters. These requirements are emerging and evolving rapidly, and some have been subject to judicial challenges, leading to significant legal uncertainty. The diverging approach of lawmakers and regulators on these matters further amplify such uncertainty. For example, some states in which the Company does business have implemented “anti-ESG” measures and may seek to implement additional measures in the future. Such measures may conflict with other regulatory requirements, including requirements to enhance environmental, social and sustainability-related disclosures and efforts imposed by other jurisdictions in which the Company operates, or be inconsistent with the expectations of certain Company customers and shareholders. If the Company fails to comply with evolving, and possibly conflicting, legal and regulatory requirements, it could harm the Company’s ability to continue to conduct business in one or more of the jurisdictions in which the Company currently operates, or could otherwise harm the Company’s business.

The Company may be required to repurchase mortgage loans or indemnify mortgage loan purchasers as a result of breaches in contractual representations and warranties

When the Company sells mortgage loans that it has originated to various parties, including GSEs, it is required to make customary representations and warranties to the purchaser about the mortgage loans and the manner in which they were originated. The Company may be required to repurchase mortgage loans or be subject to indemnification claims in the event of a breach of contractual representations or warranties that is not remedied within a certain period. Contracts for residential mortgage loan sales to the GSEs include various types of specific remedies and penalties that could be applied if the Company does not adequately respond to repurchase 

requests. If economic conditions and the housing market deteriorate or the GSEs increase their claims for breached representations and warranties, the Company could have increased repurchase obligations and increased losses on repurchases, requiring material increases to its repurchase reserve. 

The Company’s failure to satisfy its obligations as servicer for consumer loan securitizations and residential mortgage loans owned by other entities, and other losses the Company could incur as servicer, could adversely impact the Company’s reputation, servicing costs or results of operations

The Company services both automobile and unsecured consumer installment loans on behalf of third-party securitization vehicles and also acts as servicer and master servicer for mortgage loans included in securitizations and for unsecuritized mortgage loans owned by investors. As a servicer or master servicer for those loans, the Company has certain contractual obligations to the securitization trusts, investors, or other third parties. As a servicer, the Company’s obligations include collecting all payments due by the borrower consistent with accepted servicing practices and applicable law, which in the case of borrower delinquency or default may include, as applicable to the loan, considering alternatives to repossession or foreclosure upon the collateral securing the loan, such as loan modifications or short sales. In the Company’s capacity as a master servicer, obligations include overseeing the servicing of mortgage loans by the servicer. Generally, the Company’s servicing obligations are set by contract, for which the Company receives a contractual fee. However, with respect to mortgage loans, GSEs can amend their servicing guidelines, which can increase the scope or costs of the services required without any corresponding increase in the Company’s servicing fee. As a servicer, the Company also advances expenses on behalf of investors which it may be unable to collect. A material breach of the Company’s obligations as servicer or master servicer may result in contract termination if the breach is not cured within a specified period of time following notice which would negatively impact the Company’s ongoing servicing fee compensation and could adversely impact the Company’s reputation. In addition, the Company may be required to indemnify the securitization trustee against losses from any failure by the Company, as a servicer or master servicer, to perform the Company’s servicing obligations or any act or omission on the Company’s part that involves willful misfeasance, bad faith, or gross negligence. For certain investors and certain transactions, the Company may be contractually obligated to repurchase a loan or reimburse the investor for credit losses incurred on the loan as a remedy for servicing errors with respect to the loan or a result of claims made that the Company did not satisfy its obligations as a servicer or master servicer. The Company may also experience increased loss severity on repurchases, which may require a material increase to the Company’s repurchase reserve. The Company has and may continue to receive indemnification requests related to the Company’s servicing of mortgage loans owned or insured by other parties, primarily GSEs. 

145

Credit and Mortgage Business Risk 

Heightened credit risk could require the Company to increase its provision for credit losses, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations and financial condition

When the Company lends money, or enters into commitments to lend money, it incurs credit risk, or the risk of loss if its borrowers do not repay their loans. The credit performance of the Company’s loan portfolios significantly affects its financial results and condition. If the current economic environment were to worsen, the Company’s customers may have more difficulty in repaying their loans or other obligations, which could result in a higher level of credit losses and higher provisions for credit losses. Stress on the United States economy or the local economies in which the Company does business, including the economic stress caused by high commercial real estate vacancy rates, escalating geopolitical tensions, trade tariffs or other fiscal policies, and elevated interest rates and inflation has resulted, and in the future may result, in, among other things, borrowers’ inability to refinance loans at maturity and unexpected deterioration in credit quality of the loan portfolio or in the value of collateral securing those loans, which has caused, and in the future could cause, the Company to establish higher provisions for credit losses. 

The Company reserves for credit losses by establishing an allowance through a charge to earnings to provide for loan defaults and nonperformance. The Company’s allowance for credit losses is compliant with CECL accounting guidance, under which the allowance for credit losses reflects the Company’s expected lifetime loss estimates of the portfolio. The allowance for credit losses is constructed based on an evaluation of the risks associated with its loan portfolio, including the size and composition of the loan portfolio, the portfolio’s historical loss experience, current and foreseeable economic conditions and borrower financial condition and collateral value. These forecasts and estimates require difficult, subjective, and complex judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions and how these economic predictions might impair the ability of the Company’s borrowers to repay their loans. The Company may not be able to accurately predict these economic conditions and/or some or all of their effects, which may, in turn, negatively impact the reliability of the process. The Company also makes loans to borrowers where it does not have or service the loan with the first lien on the property securing its loan. For loans in a junior lien position, the Company may not have access to information on the position or performance of the first lien when it is held and serviced by a third party, which may adversely affect the accuracy of the loss estimates for loans of these types. Increases in the Company’s allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover actual loan losses, and future provisions for loan losses could materially and adversely affect its financial results. In addition, the Company’s ability to assess the creditworthiness of its customers may be impaired if the models and approaches it uses to select, manage, and underwrite its customers become less predictive of future behaviors. 

A concentration of credit and market risk in the Company’s loan portfolio could increase the potential for significant losses

The Company may have higher credit risk, or experience higher credit losses, to the extent its loans are concentrated by loan type, industry segment, borrower type, or location of the borrower or collateral. For example, high vacancy rates in commercial properties may affect the value of commercial real estate, including by causing the value of properties securing commercial real estate loans to be less than the amounts owed on such loans. In addition, elevated interest rates may make it more difficult for borrowers to refinance maturing loans. Any of these or other events could increase the level of defaults and result in higher credit losses to the Company. The Company’s credit risk and credit losses can also increase if borrowers who engage in similar activities are uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic or market conditions, or by regulation, such as regulation related to climate change. Deterioration in economic conditions or real estate values in states or regions where the Company has relatively larger concentrations of residential or commercial real estate could result in higher credit costs. For example, the Company’s acquisition of MUB increased the Company’s exposure to the markets in California. Deterioration in real estate or collateral values and underlying economic conditions in California, including as a result of wildfires, could result in higher credit losses to the Company. 

Changes in interest rates can impact the value of the Company’s mortgage servicing rights and mortgages held for sale, and can make its mortgage banking revenue volatile from quarter to quarter, which can reduce its earnings

The Company has a portfolio of MSRs, which is the right to service a mortgage loan—collect principal, interest and escrow amounts—for a fee. The Company’s MSR portfolio had a fair value of $3.4 billion as of December 31, 2024. The Company initially carries its MSRs using a fair value measurement of the present value of the estimated future net servicing income, which includes assumptions about the likelihood of prepayment by borrowers. Changes in interest rates can affect prepayment assumptions and thus fair value. When interest rates fall, prepayments tend to increase as borrowers refinance, and the fair value of MSRs can decrease, which in turn reduces the Company’s earnings. Further, it is possible that, because of economic conditions such as a weak or deteriorating housing market, even when interest rates fall, mortgage originations may fall or any increase in mortgage originations may not be enough to offset the decrease in the MSRs’ value caused by the lower rates. 

Decreased purchase volume by GSEs or limits on the Company’s access to the mortgage secondary market and GSEs could adversely affect the Company’s revenue and capacity to fund new loans 
The Company sells a portion of the mortgage loans that it originates to increase revenue through origination fees and ongoing servicing of such loans and to provide funding capacity for originating additional loans. GSEs could limit their purchases of conforming loans due to capital constraints, 

146 
U.S. Bancorp 2024 Annual Report

other changes in their criteria for conforming loans or other reasons. This potential reduction in purchases could limit the Company’s ability to fund new loans. In addition, if GSEs limit their purchases of conforming loans, the Company may limit its originations of mortgage loans that it intends to sell, which could reduce the Company’s revenue from origination fees of such loans and the ongoing servicing fees it receives from such loans. Proposals have been presented to reform the housing finance market in the U.S., including the role of the GSEs in the residential finance market. The extent and timing of any such regulatory reform of the housing finance market and the GSEs, as well as any effect on the Company’s business and financial results, are uncertain. 

A decline in the soundness, strength or stability of other financial institutions could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations

Actual or perceived issues with, or rumors or questions about, one or more financial institutions, or about the financial services industry more generally, have led to, and may in the future lead to, among other things: market-wide liquidity problems; rapid and significant deposit withdrawals at certain institutions, particularly those with elevated levels of uninsured deposits; losses or defaults by certain institutions, up to and including failures of banks; significant volatility in the stock of financial services institutions; and an increase in fear or skepticism of the safety of banks generally. In addition, the Company’s ability to engage in routine funding or settlement transactions could be adversely affected by any of these events or by other events that affect the commercial soundness of other domestic or foreign financial institutions. Failures of banks that are unrelated to USBNA have increased, and may in the future increase, USBNA’s deposit insurance assessments, such as the FDIC’s special assessment relating to bank failures that occurred in 2023. In addition, customers and others may seek to make comparisons between failed or failing banks and USBNA, which, even if unfounded, can spread quickly through social media or other online channels. Such comparisons could affect customer confidence in USBNA and lead to deposit withdrawals or other negative effects the Company is unable to predict, any of which could materially and negatively affect the Company’s results of operations and financial condition. In addition, due to the prevalence of mobile banking and the ease with which customers can withdraw funds, deposits can now be withdrawn at a significantly faster pace than in the past (as was evidenced in the 2023 bank failures). 

Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. The Company has exposure to many different counterparties, and the Company routinely executes and settles transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, and other institutional counterparties. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about the soundness, strength or stability of, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, could lead to losses or defaults by the Company or by other institutions and impact 

the Company’s predominately United States–based businesses or the merchant processing, corporate trust and fund administration services businesses it operates in foreign countries. Many of these transactions expose the Company to credit risk in the event of a default by a counterparty or client. In addition, the Company’s credit risk may be further increased when the collateral held by the Company cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the financial instrument exposure due the Company. Any such losses could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations.

Change in residual value of leased assets may have an adverse impact on the Company’s financial results

The Company engages in leasing activities and is subject to the risk that the residual value of the property under lease will be less than the Company’s recorded asset value. Adverse changes in the residual value of leased assets can have a negative impact on the Company’s financial results. The risk of changes in the realized value of the leased assets compared to recorded residual values depends on many factors outside of the Company’s control, including supply and demand for the assets, condition of the assets at the end of the lease term, and other economic factors. 

Liquidity Risk 

If the Company does not effectively manage its liquidity, its business could suffer

The Company’s liquidity is essential for the operation of its businesses. Market conditions, the threat or occurrence of a U.S. sovereign default, unforeseen outflows of funds or other events could negatively affect the Company’s level or cost of funding, in turn affecting its ongoing ability to accommodate liability maturities and deposit withdrawals, meet contractual obligations, and fund asset growth and new business transactions at a reasonable cost and in a timely manner. If the Company’s access to stable and low-cost sources of funding, such as customer deposits, is reduced, the Company might need to use alternative funding, which could be more expensive or of limited availability. Any substantial, unexpected or prolonged changes in the level or cost of liquidity could materially and adversely affect the Company’s businesses. 

In addition, bank failures in 2023 led to significant volatility in the financial services industry and to liquidity problems at certain institutions. Although governmental support was provided in connection with these bank failures, including the FDIC invoking the systemic risk exception to guarantee uninsured deposits, there can be no guarantee that the FDIC will invoke the systemic risk exception in connection with any future bank failures or that the government would otherwise take any action to provide liquidity to troubled institutions. Further, even if governmental support for financial institutions is available in the future, it may not be sufficient to address systemic risks.

Loss of customer deposits could increase the Company’s funding costs
 The Company relies on customer deposits as a low-cost and stable source of funding. The Company competes with banks and other financial services companies for deposits, including those that offer online channels. Recent declines in short-term 

147

interest rates have generally lowered the Company’s deposit funding costs. However, competition for deposits could increase to the extent the Federal Reserve continues the normalization of its balance sheet through quantitative tightening. Increased competition could negatively impact the Company’s ability to realize further improvement in deposit funding costs, even if short-term rates continue to decline. If short-term interest rates were to increase, the Company would expect more intense competition in deposit pricing. Competition and higher short-term interest rates may cause the Company to increase the interest rates it pays on deposits. If the Company’s competitors raise the interest rates they pay on deposits, or lower the interest rates they pay on deposits by less than the Company, the Company’s funding costs may increase, either because the Company raises the interest rates it pays on deposits to avoid losing deposits to competitors or because the Company loses deposits to competitors and must rely on more expensive sources of funding. Higher funding costs reduce the Company’s net interest margin and net interest income. 

Checking and savings account balances and other forms of customer deposits may decrease when customers perceive alternative investments, such as the stock market, as providing a better risk/return tradeoff. When customers move money out of bank deposits and into other investments, the Company may lose a relatively low-cost source of funds, increasing the Company’s funding costs and reducing the Company’s net interest income. In addition, mass withdrawals of deposits occurred at certain banks that failed in 2023, seemingly triggered by losses in the banks’ investment securities portfolios and concerns about uninsured and uncollateralized deposits. A loss in the value of the Company’s investment or loan portfolio, perceived concerns regarding the Company’s and USBNA’s capital positions or perceived concerns regarding the level of USBNA’s uninsured and uncollateralized deposits could cause rapid and significant deposit outflows. This risk is exacerbated by technological developments and changes in banking relationships, such as customers maintaining accounts at multiple banks, which increase the ease and speed with which depositors are able to move their deposits. The potential speed of deposit withdrawals may be further accelerated due to the way information, including false information or unfounded rumors, can be spread quickly through social media and other online channels. If USBNA were to experience a significant outflow of deposits, the Company may face increased funding costs, suffer losses and have a reduced ability to raise new capital.

The Company could lose access to sources of liquidity if it were to experience financial or regulatory issues

The Company has access to sources of liquidity provided by the Federal Reserve Bank, such as the Federal Reserve Bank discount window and other liquidity facilities that the Federal Reserve Board may establish from time to time, as well as liquidity provided by the FHLB. To access these sources of liquidity, the Federal Reserve Board or FHLB may impose conditions that the Company and USBNA are in sound financial condition (as determined by the Federal 

Reserve Board or FHLB) or that the Company and USBNA maintain minimum supervisory ratings. If the Company or USBNA were to experience financial or regulatory issues, it could affect the Company’s or USBNA's ability to access liquidity facilities, including at times when the Company or USBNA needs additional liquidity for the operation of its business. If the Company or USBNA were to lose access to these liquidity sources, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s operations and financial condition.

The Company relies on dividends from its subsidiaries for its liquidity needs, and the payment of those dividends is limited by laws and regulations
 The Company is a separate and distinct legal entity from USBNA and the Company’s non-bank subsidiaries. The Company receives a significant portion of its cash from dividends paid by its subsidiaries. These dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on the Company’s stock and interest and principal on its debt. Various federal and state laws and regulations limit the amount of dividends that USBNA and certain of the Company’s non-bank subsidiaries may pay to the Company without regulatory approval. Also, the Company’s right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary’s liquidation or reorganization is subject to prior claims of the subsidiary’s creditors, except to the extent that any of the Company’s claims as a creditor of that subsidiary may be recognized. Refer to “Supervision and Regulation” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding limitations on the amount of dividends USBNA may pay. 

Competitive and Strategic Risk 

The financial services industry is highly competitive, and

competitive pressures could intensify and adversely affect the Company’s financial results
 The Company operates in a highly competitive industry that could become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes, as well as continued industry consolidation. This consolidation may produce larger, better-capitalized and more geographically diverse companies that are capable of offering a wider array of financial products and services at more competitive prices. The Company competes with other commercial banks, savings and loan associations, mutual savings banks, finance companies, mortgage banking companies, credit unions, investment companies, credit card companies, and a variety of other financial services and advisory companies. Legislative or regulatory changes also could lead to increased competition in the financial services sector. 

The adoption and rapid growth of new technologies, including generative AI, cryptocurrencies and blockchain and other distributed ledger technologies, have required the Company to invest resources to adapt its systems, products and services, and it expects to continue to make similar investments. In addition, technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks to offer products and services, such as loans and payment services, that traditionally were banking products, and made it possible for technology companies to compete with 

148 
U.S. Bancorp 2024 Annual Report

financial institutions in providing electronic, internet-based, and mobile phone–based financial solutions. Competition with non-banks, including technology companies, to provide financial products and services is intensifying. In particular, the activity of financial technology companies (“fintechs”) has grown significantly over recent years and is expected to continue to grow. Fintechs have and may continue to offer bank or bank-like products. For example, a number of fintechs have applied for bank or industrial loan charters, which, in some cases, have been granted. In addition, other fintechs have partnered with existing banks to allow them to offer deposit products or payment services to their customers. Many of these companies, including the Company’s competitors, have fewer regulatory constraints, and some have lower cost structures, in part due to lack of physical structures. In addition, future regulatory developments may increase the ability of fintechs and other competitors to compete with traditional banks, including through the use of cryptocurrency and other digital assets or alternative payment systems. Also, the potential need to adapt to industry changes in information technology systems, including potential upgrades relating to digital assets, on which the Company and financial services industry are highly dependent, could present operational issues and require capital spending. The Company’s ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including, among others, its ability to develop and execute strategic plans and initiatives; developing, maintaining and building long-term customer relationships based on quality service, competitive prices, high ethical standards and safe, sound assets; and industry and general economic trends. A failure to compete effectively could contribute to downward price pressure on the Company’s products or services or a loss of market share. 

The Company may need to lower prices on existing products and services and develop and introduce new products and services to maintain market share
 The Company’s success depends, in part, on its ability to adapt its products and services to evolving customer preferences and industry standards. There is increasing pressure to provide products and services at lower prices. Lower prices can reduce the Company’s net interest margin and revenues from its fee-based products and services. In addition, the adoption of new technologies or further developments in current technologies require the Company to make substantial expenditures to modify or adapt its existing products and services. Also, these and other capital investments in the Company’s businesses may not produce expected growth in earnings anticipated at the time of the expenditure. The Company might not be successful in developing or introducing new products and services, adapting to changing customer preferences and spending and saving habits (which may be altered significantly and with little warning), achieving market acceptance of its products and services, or sufficiently developing and maintaining loyal customer relationships. 

The Company may not realize the full value of its strategic plans and initiatives

As the Company develops its strategic initiatives, it reviews the internal and external 

environment to inform any changes required, take advantage of new opportunities and/or respond to unexpected challenges. Initiatives include focusing on customer growth with tailored products and experiences that meet customer needs; executing disciplined strategies to grow and maintain sufficient capital levels as part of preserving the Company’s financial position and risk appetite; and partnering with or acquiring and integrating financial services businesses or assets. The Company’s initiatives are impacted by internal factors, rapid pace of change from an evolving competitive landscape, increased cybersecurity threats, accelerated digitalization, and emerging technologies. Execution of these initiatives is also impacted by the Company’s response to external economic conditions, global political and economic uncertainty, and regulatory factors that are beyond its control. The Company’s future growth and the value of its businesses will depend, in part, on its ability to effectively implement its business strategy. If the Company is not able to successfully execute its business strategy, then the Company’s competitive position, reputation, prospects for growth, and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

The Company may not be able to complete future acquisitions, and completed acquisitions may not produce revenue enhancements or cost savings at levels or within timeframes originally anticipated, may result in unforeseen integration difficulties, and may dilute existing shareholders’ interests

The Company regularly explores opportunities to acquire financial services businesses or assets and may also consider opportunities to acquire other banks or financial institutions. The Company cannot predict the number, size or timing of acquisitions it might pursue. 

The Company must generally receive federal regulatory approval before it can acquire a bank or bank holding company. The Company’s ability to pursue or complete an attractive acquisition could be negatively impacted by regulatory delay or other regulatory issues. The Company cannot be certain when or if, or on what terms and conditions, any required regulatory approvals will be granted. For example, the Company may be required to sell branches as a condition to receiving regulatory approval for bank acquisitions. In addition, in 2024 the OCC issued a policy statement on bank mergers that may result in more scrutiny being applied to mergers with a resulting institution with $50 billion or more in total assets. The Company is unable to predict at this time what effects the OCC’s policy statement may have on mergers involving USBNA, but it may result in extended timelines for merger approvals. If the Company commits certain regulatory violations, including those that result in a downgrade in certain of the Company’s bank regulatory ratings, governmental authorities could, as a consequence, preclude it from pursuing future acquisitions for a period of time. In addition, the Company’s ability to complete future acquisitions may depend on factors outside its control, including changes in the presidential administration or in one or both houses of Congress and public sentiment regarding bank mergers. Acquisition activity by large banking organizations, such as 

149

the Company, continues to draw regulatory and policy focus, and future changes could impact consideration of and regulatory approval processes for certain acquisitions. In addition, acquisitions by large banking organizations such as the Company may receive negative coverage in the media or negative attention by certain members of Congress or other policymakers. If the Company were to receive significant negative publicity in connection with a proposed acquisition, it could damage the Company’s reputation and impede the Company’s ability to complete the acquisition.

There can be no assurance that acquisitions the Company completes will have the anticipated positive results, including results related to expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence, and/or other projected benefits. The Company may incur substantial expenses related to acquisitions and integration of acquired companies. Successful integration of an acquired company has in the past presented and may in the future present challenges due to differences in systems, operations, policies and procedures, management teams and corporate cultures and may be more costly or difficult to complete than anticipated or have unanticipated adverse results. Integration efforts could divert management’s attention and resources, which could adversely affect the Company’s operations or results. Integration efforts could result in higher than expected customer loss, deposit attrition, loss of key employees, issues with systems and technology, disruption of the Company’s businesses or the businesses of the acquired company, or otherwise adversely affect the Company’s ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees or achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. Also, the negative effect of any divestitures required by regulatory authorities in acquisitions or business combinations may be greater than expected. In addition, future acquisitions may also expose the Company to increased legal or regulatory risks. Finally, future acquisitions could be material to the Company, and it may issue additional shares of stock to pay for those acquisitions, which would dilute current shareholders’ ownership interests. 

Accounting and Tax Risk 

The Company’s reported financial results depend on management’s selection of accounting methods and certain assumptions and estimates, which, if incorrect, could cause unexpected losses in the future

The Company’s accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how the Company records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. The Company’s management must exercise judgment in selecting and applying many of these accounting policies and methods, so they comply with generally accepted accounting principles and reflect management’s judgment regarding the most appropriate manner to report the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, management must select the accounting policy or method to apply from two or more alternatives, any of which might be reasonable under the 

circumstances, yet might result in the Company’s reporting materially different results than would have been reported under a different alternative. 

Certain accounting policies are critical to presenting the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. They require management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments about matters that are uncertain. Materially different amounts could be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions or estimates. These critical accounting policies include the allowance for credit losses, estimations of fair value, the valuation of MSRs, and income taxes. Because of the uncertainty of estimates involved in these matters, the Company may be required to do one or more of the following: significantly increase the allowance for credit losses and/or sustain credit losses that are significantly higher than the reserve provided, recognize significant losses on the remeasurement of certain asset and liability balances, or significantly increase its accrued taxes liability. For more information, refer to “Critical Accounting Policies” in this Annual Report. In addition, the FASB, SEC and other regulatory agencies may issue new or amend existing accounting and reporting standards or change existing interpretations of those standards that could materially affect the Company's financial statements.

The Company’s investments in certain tax-advantaged projects may not generate returns as anticipated and may

have an adverse impact on the Company’s financial results

The Company invests in certain tax-advantaged projects promoting affordable housing, community development and renewable energy resources. The Company’s investments in these projects are designed to generate a return primarily through the realization of federal and state income tax credits, and other tax benefits, over specified time periods. The Company is subject to the risk that previously recorded tax credits, which remain subject to recapture by taxing authorities based on compliance features required to be met at the project level, will fail to meet certain government compliance requirements and will not be able to be realized. The possible inability to realize these tax credit and other tax benefits can have a negative impact on the Company’s financial results. The risk of not being able to realize the tax credits and other tax benefits depends on many factors outside of the Company’s control, including changes in the applicable tax code and the ability of the projects to be completed. 

General Risk Factors 

The Company’s framework for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating risk and loss to the Company

The Company’s risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss. The Company has established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report, and analyze the types of risk to which it is subject, including liquidity risk, credit risk, market risk, interest rate risk, compliance risk, strategic risk, reputation risk, and operational risk related to its employees, systems and vendors, among others. However, as with any risk management framework, there are inherent limitations to 

150 
U.S. Bancorp 2024 Annual Report

the Company’s risk management strategies as there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that it has not appropriately anticipated or identified. In addition, the Company relies on quantitative models to measure certain risks and to estimate certain financial values, and these models could fail to predict future events or exposures accurately. The Company must also develop and maintain a culture of risk management among its employees, as well as manage risks associated with third parties, and could fail to do so effectively. If the Company’s risk management framework proves ineffective, the Company could incur litigation and negative regulatory consequences and suffer unexpected losses that could affect its financial condition or results of operations. 

The Company’s business could suffer if it fails to attract and retain skilled employees
 The Company’s success depends, in large part, on its ability to attract and retain key employees. Competition for the best people in most activities the Company engages in can be intense. 

The employment market has continued to evolve, influenced by macroeconomic shifts, changes in social norms post-pandemic and technology advancements. Continued pressures on competitive compensation, benefits and flexible work arrangements continue to be focus areas. 

Employees have also continued to shift their focus to better work-life balance, improved advancement opportunities and skill specific development, and many businesses, including the Company, have had to adapt quickly to the changing environment. The Company’s ability to compete successfully for talent has been and may continue to be affected by its ability to adapt quickly to such shifts in employee focus, and there is no assurance that these developments will not cause increased turnover or impede the Company’s ability to retain and attract high caliber employees. 

A downgrade in the Company’s credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on its liquidity, funding costs and access to capital markets
 The Company’s credit ratings, which are subject to credit agencies’ ongoing review of a number of factors, including factors not within the Company’s control, are important to the Company’s liquidity. A reduction in one or more of the Company’s credit ratings could adversely affect its liquidity, increase its funding costs or limit its access to the capital markets. Further, a downgrade could decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing or able, contractually or otherwise, to do business with or lend to the Company, thereby adversely affecting the Company’s competitive position. There can be no assurance that the Company will maintain its current ratings and outlooks or whether or when any downgrades could occur.