The following
 factors may adversely affect the Company’s business,
 financial results or stock price.

 Industry Risk
 Factors

 Difficult
 business and economic conditions may continue to adversely
 affect the financial services industry

The Company’s
 business activities and earnings are affected by general
 business conditions in the United States and abroad. The
 domestic and global economies have recently experienced dramatic
 downturns, with negative effects on the business, financial
 condition and results of operations of financial institutions in
 the United States and other countries, and a continuation or
 worsening of current financial market conditions could
 materially and adversely affect the Company’s business,
 financial condition, results of operations, access to credit or
 the trading price of the Company’s common stock. Dramatic
 declines in the housing and commercial real estate markets over
 the past two years, with falling real estate prices and
 increasing foreclosures and unemployment, have negatively
 impacted the credit performance of real estate related loans and
 resulted in significant write-downs of asset values by financial
 institutions. These write-downs have caused many financial
 institutions to seek additional capital, to reduce or eliminate
 dividends, to merge with larger and stronger institutions and,
 in some cases, to fail. Market developments may further erode
 consumer confidence levels and may cause adverse changes in
 payment patterns, causing increases in delinquencies and default
 rates, which may impact the Company’s charge-offs and
 provision for credit losses. Continuing economic deterioration
 that affects household
 and/or
 corporate incomes could also result in reduced demand for credit
 or fee-based products and services. A worsening of these
 conditions would likely exacerbate the adverse effects of these
 difficult market conditions on the Company and others in the
 financial services industry.

 The Company
 may be adversely affected by proposed legislation and rulemaking

The United States
 government and the Company’s regulators have proposed
 legislation and rules that would impact the Company, and the
 Company expects to continue to face increased regulation. These
 laws and regulations, as well as restrictions contained in
 current or future rules implementing or related to them, may
 adversely affect the Company. Specifically, any governmental or
 regulatory action having the effect of requiring the Company to
 obtain additional capital, whether from governmental or private
 sources, could have a material dilutive effect on current
 shareholders. The Company may be required to pay significantly
 higher FDIC premiums because market developments have depleted
 the insurance fund of the FDIC and reduced the ratio of reserves
 to insured deposits. Other proposals are pending that would
 impose significant fees or assessments on large financial
 institutions, including the Company. Legislation and regulation
 of overdraft fees, credit cards and other bank services, as well
 as changes in the Company’s practices relating to those and
 other bank services, may affect the Company’s revenue and
 other financial results. Other laws and regulations are expected
 to have the effect of increasing the Company’s costs of
 doing business and reducing its revenues, and may limit its
 ability to pursue business opportunities or otherwise adversely
 affect its business. The Company faces increased regulation of
 its business and increased costs associated with these programs.

 Other changes
 in the laws, regulations and policies governing financial
 services companies could alter the Company’s business
 environment and adversely affect operations

The Board of
 Governors of the Federal Reserve System regulates the supply of
 money and credit in the United States. Its fiscal and monetary
 policies determine in a large part the Company’s cost of
 funds for lending and investing and the return that can be
 earned on those loans and investments, both of which affect the
 Company’s net

 130  

U.S. BANCORP

 interest margin. Federal Reserve Board policies can also
 materially affect the value of financial instruments that the
 Company holds, such as debt securities and mortgage servicing
 rights.

 The Company and its bank subsidiaries are heavily regulated at
 the federal and state levels. This regulation is to protect
 depositors, federal deposit insurance funds and the banking
 system as a whole. Congress and state legislatures and federal
 and state agencies continually review banking laws, regulations
 and policies for possible changes. Changes in statutes,
 regulations or policies could affect the Company in substantial
 and unpredictable ways, including limiting the types of
 financial services and products that the Company offers
 and/or
 increasing the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial
 services and products. The Company cannot predict whether any of
 this potential legislation will be enacted, and if enacted, the
 effect that it or any regulations would have on the
 Company’s financial condition or results of operations.

 The Company
 could experience an unexpected inability to obtain needed
 liquidity 

The
 Company’s liquidity could be constrained by an unexpected
 inability to access the capital markets due to a variety of
 market dislocations or interruptions. If the Company is unable
 to meet its funding needs on a timely basis, its business would
 be adversely affected.

 The soundness
 of other financial institutions could adversely affect the
 Company 

The
 Company’s ability to engage in routine funding transactions
 could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial
 soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services
 institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing,
 counterparty or other relationships. The Company has exposure to
 many different counterparties, and the Company routinely
 executes transactions with counterparties in the financial
 industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks,
 investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, and other
 institutional clients. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors
 or questions about, one or more financial services institutions,
 or the financial services industry generally, could lead to
 losses or defaults by the Company or by other institutions. Many
 of these transactions expose the Company to credit risk in the
 event of default of the Company’s counterparty or client.
 In addition, the Company’s credit risk may be exacerbated
 when the collateral held by the Company cannot be realized upon
 or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full
 amount of the financial instrument exposure due the Company.
 There is no assurance that any such losses would not materially
 and adversely affect the Company’s results of operations.

 The financial
 services industry is highly competitive, and competitive
 pressures could intensify and adversely affect the
 Company’s financial results

The Company operates
 in a highly competitive industry that could become even more
 competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and
 technological changes, as well as continued industry
 consolidation which may increase in connection with current
 economic and market conditions. The Company competes with other
 commercial banks, savings and loan associations, mutual savings
 banks, finance companies, mortgage banking companies, credit
 unions and investment companies. In addition, technology has
 lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks to
 offer products and services traditionally provided by banks.
 Many of the Company’s competitors have fewer regulatory
 constraints and some have lower cost structures. Also, the
 potential need to adapt to industry changes in information
 technology systems, on which the Company and financial services
 industry are highly dependent, could present operational issues
 and require capital spending.

 Changes in
 consumer use of banks and changes in consumer spending and
 saving habits could adversely affect the Company’s
 financial results

Technology and other
 changes now allow many consumers to complete financial
 transactions without using banks. For example, consumers can pay
 bills and transfer funds directly without going through a bank.
 This “disintermediation” could result in the loss of
 fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and income
 generated from those deposits. In addition, changes in consumer
 spending and saving habits could adversely affect the
 Company’s operations, and the Company may be unable to
 timely develop competitive new products and services in response
 to these changes that are accepted by new and existing customers.

 Changes in the
 domestic interest rate environment could reduce the
 Company’s net interest income

The operations of
 financial institutions such as the Company are dependent to a
 large degree on net interest income, which is the difference
 between interest income from loans and investments and interest
 expense on deposits and borrowings. An institution’s net
 interest income is significantly affected by market rates of
 interest, which in turn are affected by prevailing economic
 conditions, by the fiscal and monetary policies of the federal
 government and by the policies of various regulatory agencies.
 Like all financial institutions, the Company’s balance
 sheet is

 U.S. BANCORP  131

 affected by fluctuations in interest rates. Volatility in
 interest rates can also result in the flow of funds away from
 financial institutions into direct investments. Direct
 investments, such as U.S. Government and corporate
 securities and other investment vehicles (including mutual
 funds) generally pay higher rates of return than financial
 institutions, because of the absence of federal insurance
 premiums and reserve requirements.

 Acts or
 threats of terrorism and political or military actions taken by
 the United States or other governments could adversely affect
 general economic or industry conditions

Geopolitical
 conditions may also affect the Company’s earnings. Acts or
 threats of terrorism and political or military actions taken by
 the United States or other governments in response to terrorism,
 or similar activity, could adversely affect general economic or
 industry conditions.

 Company Risk
 Factors

 The
 Company’s allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to
 cover actual losses

Like all financial
 institutions, the Company maintains an allowance for loan losses
 to provide for loan defaults and non-performance. The
 Company’s allowance for loan losses is based on its
 historical loss experience as well as an evaluation of the risks
 associated with its loan portfolio, including the size and
 composition of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions
 and geographic concentrations within the portfolio. The stress
 on the United States economy and the local economies in which
 the Company does business may be greater or last longer than
 expected, resulting in, among other things, greater than
 expected deterioration in credit quality of the loan portfolio,
 or in the value of collateral securing those loans. In addition,
 the process the Company uses to estimate losses inherent in its
 credit exposure requires difficult, subjective, and complex
 judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions and how
 these economic predictions might impair the ability of its
 borrowers to repay their loans, which may no longer be capable
 of accurate estimation which may, in turn, impact the
 reliability of the process. Increases in the Company’s
 allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover actual
 loan losses, and future provisions for loan losses could
 continue to materially and adversely affect its financial
 results.

 The Company
 may continue to suffer increased losses in its loan portfolio
 despite its underwriting practices

The Company seeks to
 mitigate the risks inherent in its loan portfolio by adhering to
 specific underwriting practices. These practices often include:
 analysis of a borrower’s credit history, financial
 statements, tax returns and cash flow projections; valuation of
 collateral based on reports of independent appraisers; and
 verification of liquid assets. Although the Company believes
 that its underwriting criteria are, and historically have been,
 appropriate for the various kinds of loans it makes, the Company
 has already incurred high levels of losses on loans that have
 met these criteria, and may continue to experience higher than
 expected losses depending on economic factors and consumer
 behavior. In addition, the Company’s ability to assess the
 creditworthiness of its customers may be impaired if the models
 and approaches it uses to select, manage, and underwrite its
 customers become less predictive of future behaviors. Finally,
 the Company may have higher credit risk, or experience higher
 credit losses, to the extent its loans are concentrated by loan
 type, industry segment, borrower type, or location of the
 borrower or collateral. For example, the Company’s credit
 risk and credit losses can increase if borrowers who engage in
 similar activities are uniquely or disproportionately affected
 by economic or market conditions, or by regulation, such as
 regulation related to climate change. Continued deterioration of
 real estate values in states or regions where the Company has
 relatively larger concentrations of residential or commercial
 real estate could result in significantly higher credit costs.

 Changes in
 interest rates can reduce the value of the Company’s
 mortgage servicing rights and mortgages held for sale, and can
 make its mortgage banking revenue volatile from quarter to
 quarter, which can negatively affect its earnings.

The Company has a
 portfolio of mortgage servicing rights (“MSRs”), which
 is the right to service a mortgage loan for a fee. The Company
 initially carries its MSRs using a fair value measurement of the
 present value of the estimated future net servicing income,
 which includes assumptions about the likelihood of prepayment by
 borrowers. Changes in interest rates can affect prepayment
 assumptions and thus fair value. As interest rates fall,
 prepayments tend to increase as borrowers refinance, and the
 fair value of MSR’s can decrease, which in turn reduces the
 Company’s earnings.

 An increase in interest rates tends to lead to a decrease in
 demand for mortgage loans, reducing the Company’s income
 from loan originations. Although revenue from the Company’s
 MSRs may increase at the same time through increases in fair
 value, this offsetting revenue effect, or “natural
 hedge,” is not perfectly correlated in amount or

 132  

U.S. BANCORP

 timing. The Company typically uses derivatives and other
 instruments to hedge its mortgage banking interest rate risk,
 but this hedging activity may not always be successful. The
 Company could incur significant losses from its hedging
 activities, and there may be periods where it elects not to
 hedge its mortgage banking interest rate risk. As a result of
 these factors, mortgage banking revenue can experience
 significant volatility.

 Maintaining or
 increasing the Company’s market share may depend on
 lowering prices and market acceptance of new products and
 services 

The
 Company’s success depends, in part, on its ability to adapt
 its products and services to evolving industry standards. There
 is increasing pressure to provide products and services at lower
 prices. Lower prices can reduce the Company’s net interest
 margin and revenues from its fee-based products and services. In
 addition, the widespread adoption of new technologies, including
 internet services, could require the Company to make substantial
 expenditures to modify or adapt the Company’s existing
 products and services. Also, these and other capital investments
 in the Company’s businesses may not produce expected growth
 in earnings anticipated at the time of the expenditure. The
 Company might not be successful in introducing new products and
 services, achieving market acceptance of its products and
 services, or developing and maintaining loyal customers.

 Because the
 nature of the financial services business involves a high volume
 of transactions, the Company faces significant operational risks

The Company operates
 in many different businesses in diverse markets and relies on
 the ability of its employees and systems to process a high
 number of transactions. Operational risk is the risk of loss
 resulting from the Company’s operations, including, but not
 limited to, the risk of fraud by employees or persons outside of
 the Company, the execution of unauthorized transactions by
 employees, errors relating to transaction processing and
 technology, breaches of the internal control system and
 compliance requirements and business continuation and disaster
 recovery. This risk of loss also includes the potential legal
 actions that could arise as a result of an operational
 deficiency or as a result of noncompliance with applicable
 regulatory standards, adverse business decisions or their
 implementation, and customer attrition due to potential negative
 publicity. In the event of a breakdown in the internal control
 system, improper operation of systems or improper employee
 actions, the Company could suffer financial loss, face
 regulatory action and suffer damage to its reputation.

 The change in
 residual value of leased assets may have an adverse impact on
 the Company’s financial results

The Company engages
 in leasing activities and is subject to the risk that the
 residual value of the property under lease will be less than the
 Company’s recorded asset value. Adverse changes in the
 residual value of leased assets can have a negative impact on
 the Company’s financial results. The risk of changes in the
 realized value of the leased assets compared to recorded
 residual values depends on many factors outside of the
 Company’s control, including supply and demand for the
 assets, condition of the assets at the end of the lease term,
 and other economic factors.

 Negative
 publicity could damage the Company’s reputation and
 adversely impact its business and financial results

Reputation risk, or
 the risk to the Company’s earnings and capital from
 negative publicity, is inherent in the Company’s business.
 Negative publicity can result from the Company’s actual or
 alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending
 practices, corporate governance and acquisitions, and actions
 taken by government regulators and community organizations in
 response to those activities. Negative publicity can adversely
 affect the Company’s ability to keep and attract customers,
 and can expose the Company to litigation and regulatory action.
 Because most of the Company’s businesses operate under the
 “U.S. Bank” brand, actual or alleged conduct by
 one business can result in negative publicity about other
 businesses the Company operates. Although the Company takes
 steps to minimize reputation risk in dealing with customers and
 other constituencies, the Company, as a large diversified
 financial services company with a high industry profile, is
 inherently exposed to this risk.

 The
 Company’s reported financial results depend on
 management’s selection of accounting methods and certain
 assumptions and estimates

The Company’s
 accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how the
 Company records and reports its financial condition and results
 of operations. The Company’s management must exercise
 judgment in selecting and applying many of these accounting
 policies and methods so they comply with generally accepted
 accounting principles and reflect management’s judgment
 regarding the most appropriate manner to report the
 Company’s financial condition and results. In some cases,
 management must select the accounting policy or method to apply
 from two or more alternatives, any of which might be reasonable
 under the circumstances, yet might result in the Company’s
 reporting

 U.S. BANCORP  133

 materially different results than would have been reported under
 a different alternative.

 Certain accounting policies are critical to presenting the
 Company’s financial condition and results. They require
 management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments
 about matters that are uncertain. Materially different amounts
 could be reported under different conditions or using different
 assumptions or estimates. These critical accounting policies
 include: the allowance for credit losses; estimations of fair
 value; the valuation of purchased loans and related
 indemnification assets; the valuation of mortgage servicing
 rights; the valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets;
 and income taxes. Because of the uncertainty of estimates
 involved in these matters, the Company may be required to do one
 or more of the following: significantly increase the allowance
 for credit losses
 and/or
 sustain credit losses that are significantly higher than the
 reserve provided; recognize significant impairment on its
 goodwill and other intangible asset balances; or significantly
 increase its accrued taxes liability. For more information,
 refer to “Critical Accounting Policies” in this Annual
 Report.

 Changes in
 accounting standards could materially impact the Company’s
 financial statements

From time to time,
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board changes the financial
 accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation
 of the Company’s financial statements. These changes can be
 hard to predict and can materially impact how the Company
 records and reports its financial condition and results of
 operations. In some cases, the Company could be required to
 apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in the
 Company’s restating prior period financial statements.

 Acquisitions
 may not produce revenue enhancements or cost savings at levels
 or within timeframes originally anticipated and may result in
 unforeseen integration difficulties

The Company
 regularly explores opportunities to acquire financial services
 businesses or assets and may also consider opportunities to
 acquire other banks or financial institutions. The Company
 cannot predict the number, size or timing of acquisitions.

 Difficulty in integrating an acquired business or company may
 cause the Company not to realize expected revenue increases,
 cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence,
 and/or other
 projected benefits from the acquisition. The integration could
 result in higher than expected deposit attrition (run-off), loss
 of key employees, disruption of the Company’s business or
 the business of the acquired company, or otherwise adversely
 affect the Company’s ability to maintain relationships with
 customers and employees or achieve the anticipated benefits of
 the acquisition. Also, the negative effect of any divestitures
 required by regulatory authorities in acquisitions or business
 combinations may be greater than expected.

 The Company must generally receive federal regulatory approval
 before it can acquire a bank or bank holding company. In
 determining whether to approve a proposed bank acquisition,
 federal bank regulators will consider, among other factors, the
 effect of the acquisition on the competition, financial
 condition, and future prospects. The regulators also review
 current and projected capital ratios and levels, the competence,
 experience, and integrity of management and its record of
 compliance with laws and regulations, the convenience and needs
 of the communities to be served (including the acquiring
 institution’s record of compliance under the Community
 Reinvestment Act) and the effectiveness of the acquiring
 institution in combating money laundering activities. In
 addition, the Company cannot be certain when or if, or on what
 terms and conditions, any required regulatory approvals will be
 granted. The Company may be required to sell banks or branches
 as a condition to receiving regulatory approval.

 If new laws
 were enacted that restrict the ability of the Company and its
 subsidiaries to share information about customers, the
 Company’s financial results could be negatively affected

The Company’s
 business model depends on sharing information among the family
 of companies owned by U.S. Bancorp to better satisfy the
 Company’s customer needs. Laws that restrict the ability of
 the companies owned by U.S. Bancorp to share information
 about customers could negatively affect the Company’s
 revenue and profit.

 The
 Company’s business could suffer if the Company fails to
 attract and retain skilled people

The Company’s
 success depends, in large part, on its ability to attract and
 retain key people. Competition for the best people in most
 activities the Company engages in can be intense. The Company
 may not be able to hire the best people or to keep them. Recent
 strong scrutiny of compensation practices has resulted and may
 continue to result in additional regulation and legislation in
 this area as well as additional legislative and regulatory
 initiatives, and there is no assurance that this will not cause
 increased turnover or impede the Company’s ability to
 retain and attract the highest caliber employees.

 134  

U.S. BANCORP

 The Company
 relies on other companies to provide key components of the
 Company’s business infrastructure

Third party vendors
 provide key components of the Company’s business
 infrastructure such as internet connections, network access and
 mutual fund distribution. While the Company has selected these
 third party vendors carefully, it does not control their
 actions. Any problems caused by these third parties, including
 as a result of their not providing the Company their services
 for any reason or their performing their services poorly, could
 adversely affect the Company’s ability to deliver products
 and services to the Company’s customers and otherwise to
 conduct its business. Replacing these third party vendors could
 also entail significant delay and expense.

 Significant
 legal actions could subject the Company to substantial uninsured
 liabilities 

The
 Company is from time to time subject to claims related to its
 operations. These claims and legal actions, including
 supervisory actions by the Company’s regulators, could
 involve large monetary claims and significant defense costs. To
 protect itself from the cost of these claims, the Company
 maintains insurance coverage in amounts and with deductibles
 that it believes are appropriate for its operations. However,
 the Company’s insurance coverage may not cover all claims
 against the Company or continue to be available to the Company
 at a reasonable cost. As a result, the Company may be exposed to
 substantial uninsured liabilities, which could adversely affect
 the Company’s results of operations and financial condition.

 The Company is
 exposed to risk of environmental liability when it takes title
 to properties 

In the
 course of the Company’s business, the Company may foreclose
 on and take title to real estate. As a result, the Company could
 be subject to environmental liabilities with respect to these