An investment in the Company involves risk, including the possibility that the value of the investment could fall substantially and that dividends or other
distributions on the investment could be reduced or eliminated. Below are risk factors that could adversely affect the Company’s financial results and condition and the value of, and return on, an investment in the Company. 

Regulatory and Legal Risk 
The Company is subject to extensive and evolving
government regulation and supervision, which can increase the cost of doing business, limit the Company’s ability to make investments and generate revenue, and lead to costly enforcement actions Banking regulations are primarily intended to
protect depositors’ funds, the federal Deposit Insurance Fund, and the United States financial system as a whole, and not the Company’s debt holders or shareholders. These regulations, and the Company’s inability to act in certain
instances without receiving prior regulatory approval, affect the Company’s lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy, ability to repurchase common stock, and ability to pursue strategic acquisitions, among
other activities. 
Federal and state regulation and supervision has increased in recent years due to the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) and other financial reform initiatives. The Company expects that there will continue to be significant regulatory activity into 2017 and in future years, as a result of
current and future initiatives intended to provide economic stimulus, financial market stability, and enhancement of the liquidity and solvency of financial institutions. The recent change in national political leadership has introduced some
uncertainty into the direction and timing of any future regulation, however. While an overall reduction in the regulation of the financial services sector could result in some operational and cost benefits, any potential new regulations or
modifications to existing regulations and supervisory expectations may necessitate changes to the Company’s existing regulatory compliance and risk management infrastructure. 

Changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies, or their interpretation or implementation, and/or the continued heightening of regulatory
practices, requirements or expectations, could affect the Company in substantial and unpredictable ways. For example, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency’s (the “OCC’s”) Guidelines for Heightened Standards and the
Federal Reserve’s Enhanced Prudential Supervision Rules have required and will continue to require significant Board of Directors oversight and management focus on governance and
risk-

  148 

management activities. The OCC has also recently finalized guidelines that require banks to develop and maintain a recovery plan subject to regulatory review, which could present new challenges
and demands on resources in stressed scenarios. Further, many parts of the Dodd-Frank Act are still in the implementation stage or are under review, which leaves some uncertainty as to its final aggregate impact upon the Company. In addition, any
future changes in tax policies could have an uncertain impact on the Company and its customers. 
The financial services industry continues to face
intense scrutiny from bank supervisors in the examination process and aggressive enforcement of regulations on both the federal and state levels, particularly with respect to mortgage-related practices, student lending practices, sales practices and
related incentive compensation programs, and other consumer compliance matters, as well as compliance with Bank Secrecy Act/anti-money laundering requirements and sanctions compliance requirements as administered by the Office of Foreign Assets
Control. In accordance with this trend, the Company entered into a Consent Order with the OCC in October 2015 that concerns deficiencies in its Bank Secrecy Act/anti-money laundering compliance program, and requires an ongoing review of that
program. If the Company does not make satisfactory progress toward addressing the requirements of the October 2015 Consent Order, it may be required to enter into further orders and settlements, pay fines or other penalties or further modify its
business practices (which may increase the Company’s operating expenses and decrease its revenue). 
Federal law grants substantial
enforcement powers to federal banking regulators and law enforcement. This enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess significant civil or criminal monetary penalties, fines, or restitution; to issue cease and desist
or removal orders; and to initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and institution-affiliated parties. These enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. Foreign
supervisors also have increased regulatory scrutiny and enforcement in areas related to consumer compliance, money laundering, and information technology systems and controls, among others. Any future enforcement action could have a material adverse
impact on the Company. 
In general, the amounts paid by financial institutions in settlement of proceedings or investigations and the severity of
other terms of regulatory settlements have been increasing dramatically and are likely to remain elevated in the near term. In some cases, governmental authorities have required criminal pleas or other extraordinary terms as part of such
settlements, which could have significant consequences for a financial institution, including loss of customers, restrictions on the ability to access the capital markets, and the inability to operate certain businesses or offer certain products for
a period of time. Violations of laws and regulations or deemed deficiencies in risk management practices also may be incorporated into the Company’s supervisory ratings. A downgrade in these ratings, or other regulatory actions and settlements,
such as the October

2015 Consent Order, can limit the Company’s ability to pursue acquisitions or conduct other expansionary activities for a period of time and require new or additional regulatory approvals
before engaging in certain other business activities. 
Compliance with new regulations and supervisory initiatives may continue to increase the
Company’s costs. In addition, regulatory changes may reduce the Company’s revenues, limit the types of financial services and products it may offer, alter the investments it makes, affect the manner in which it operates its businesses,
increase its litigation and regulatory costs should it fail to appropriately comply with new or modified laws and regulatory requirements, and increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products. See
“Supervision and Regulation” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding the extensive regulatory framework applicable to the Company. 

More stringent requirements related to capital and liquidity have been adopted by United States banking regulators that may limit the Company’s ability to return
earnings to shareholders or operate or invest in its business United States banking regulators have adopted more stringent capital- and liquidity-related standards applicable to larger banking organizations, including the Company. The rules require
banks to hold more and higher quality capital as well as sufficient unencumbered liquid assets to meet certain stress scenarios defined by regulation. The implementation of these rules including the common equity tier 1 capital conservation
buffer, or additional capital- and liquidity-related rules, could require the Company to take further steps to increase its capital, increase its investment security holdings, divest assets or operations, or otherwise change aspects of its capital
and/or liquidity measures, including in ways that may be dilutive to shareholders or could limit the Company’s ability to pay common stock dividends, repurchase its common stock, invest in its businesses or provide loans to its customers. See
“Supervision and Regulation” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding the capital and liquidity requirements under the Dodd-Frank Act and Basel III. 

Additional requirements may be imposed in the future. The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System has recently finalized a policy statement
that details the framework it would follow in setting the countercyclical capital buffer, a macroprudential tool that would raise capital requirements when there is an elevated risk of above normal losses in the United States financial system.
Furthermore, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “Basel Committee”) has published several consultative papers regarding (i) the standardized approach to credit risk, (ii) a fundamental review of the trading book,
(iii) interest rate risk in the banking book, and (iv) operational risk. The Basel Committee is expected to release final standards regarding these measures in 2017. Finally, the United States banking regulators have proposed regulations
implementing the Basel Committee’s net stable funding ratio framework. The ultimate impact on the Company’s capital and

149           

liquidity will depend on the final United States rulemakings and implementation process thereafter. 
The
Company is subject to significant financial and reputational risks from potential legal liability and governmental actions The Company faces significant legal risks in its business, and the volume of claims and amount of damages and penalties
claimed in litigation and governmental proceedings against it and other financial institutions are increasing. Customers, clients and other counterparties have grown more litigious and are making claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of
damages, while banking regulators and certain other governmental authorities, such as the United States Department of Justice, have demonstrated an increasing focus on enforcement, including in connection with alleged violations of law and customer
harm. In addition, governmental authorities have begun to seek criminal penalties against companies in the financial services sector for regulatory violations and have begun to require an admission of wrongdoing from financial institutions in
connection with settling such matters. Criminal convictions or admissions of wrongdoing in a settlement with the government can lead to greater exposure in civil litigation and reputational harm. 

As an example of increased risks arising from litigation, the Company and other large financial institutions have been sued over the past several
years in their capacity as trustee for residential mortgage–backed securities (“RMBS”) trusts. The plaintiffs in these actions allege that the significant losses they incurred as investors in the RMBS trusts were caused by the
trustees’ failure to enforce loan repurchase obligations and to abide by appropriate standards of care after events of default allegedly occurred, while also arguing to broaden the trustees’ duties. Although the Company has denied
liability and believes it has meritorious defenses in these cases, any finding of liability or new or enhanced duties in one or more of these cases against the Company, or another financial institution, could result in a significant financial loss
or require a modification to the Company’s business practices, which could negatively impact the Company’s financial results. 

Substantial legal liability or significant governmental action against the Company could materially impact its financial condition and results of
operations or cause significant reputational harm to the Company, which in turn could adversely impact its business prospects. Also, the resolution of a litigation or regulatory matter could result in additional accruals or exceed established
accruals for a particular period, which could materially impact the Company’s results from operations for that period. 
The Company faces increased regulatory
and legal risk arising out of its mortgage lending and servicing businesses The Company is subject to investigations, examinations and inquiries by government agencies and bank regulators concerning mortgage-related practices, including those
related to compliance with selling guidelines relating to residential home loans sold to GSEs, foreclosure-related expenses submitted to the Federal Housing Administration or GSEs for reimbursement,

lender-placed insurance, and notices and filings in bankruptcy cases. The Company is cooperating fully with these investigations, examinations and inquiries, any of which could lead to
administrative or legal proceedings or settlements. Remedies in such proceedings or settlements may include fines, penalties, restitution or alterations to the Company’s business practices, which could increase the Company’s operating
expenses and decrease its revenue. Additionally, reputational damage arising from these or other inquiries and industry-wide publicity could also have an adverse effect upon the Company’s existing mortgage business and could reduce future
business opportunities. 
In addition to governmental or regulatory investigations, the Company, like other companies with residential mortgage
origination and servicing operations, faces the risk of class actions and other litigation arising out of these operations. 
The Company may be required to
repurchase mortgage loans or indemnify mortgage loan purchasers as a result of breaches in contractual representations and warranties When the Company sells mortgage loans that it has originated to various parties, including GSEs, it is required to
make customary representations and warranties to the purchaser about the mortgage loans and the manner in which they were originated. The Company may be required to repurchase mortgage loans or be subject to indemnification claims in the event of a
breach of contractual representations or warranties that is not remedied within a certain period. Contracts for residential mortgage loan sales to the GSEs include various types of specific remedies and penalties that could be applied to inadequate
responses to repurchase requests. If economic conditions and the housing market deteriorate or the GSEs increase their claims of breached representations and warranties, the Company could have increased repurchase obligations and increased loss
severity on repurchases, requiring material increases to its repurchase reserve. 
The Company is exposed to risk of environmental liability when it takes title to