An investment in the Company involves risk, including the possibility that the value of the investment could fall substantially and that dividends
or other distributions on the investment could be reduced or eliminated. Below are risk factors that could adversely affect the Company’s financial results and condition and the value of, and return on, an investment in the Company. 

Regulatory and Legal Risk 

The Company is subject to extensive and
evolving government regulation and supervision, which can increase the cost of doing business, limit the Company
’
s ability to make investments and generate revenue, and lead to costly enforcement actions Banking regulations
are primarily intended to protect depositors’ funds, the federal Deposit Insurance Fund, and the United States financial system as a whole, and not the Company’s debt holders or shareholders. These regulations, and the Company’s
inability to act in certain instances without receiving prior regulatory approval, affect the Company’s lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy, ability to repurchase common stock, and ability to pursue
strategic acquisitions, among other activities. 

Both the scope of the laws and regulations and the intensity of the supervision to which the
Company is subject have increased in recent years in response to the financial crisis of 2008 and 2009, as well as other factors such as technological and market changes. Regulatory enforcement and fines have also increased across the banking and
financial services sector. While the regulatory environment has entered a period of rebalancing of the post financial crisis framework, the Company expects that its business will remain subject to extensive regulation and supervision. In addition,
although an overall reduction in the regulation of the financial services sector could result in some operational and cost benefits, any potential new regulations or modifications to existing regulations and supervisory expectations may necessitate
changes to the Company’s existing regulatory compliance and risk management infrastructure and could result in increased competition. 

Changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies, or their interpretation or implementation, and/or the continued heightening of regulatory
practices, requirements or expectations, could affect the Company in substantial and unpredictable ways. For example, the Guidelines for Heightened Standards of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Enhanced Prudential Supervision
Rules of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve”) have required

144

Table of Contents

and will continue to require significant oversight by the Company’s Board of Directors and focus by the Company’s management on governance and risk-management activities. 

The financial services industry continues to face scrutiny from bank supervisors in the examination process and stringent enforcement of regulations
on both the federal and state levels, particularly with respect to mortgage-related practices, student lending practices, sales practices and related incentive compensation programs, and other consumer compliance matters, as well as compliance with
Bank Secrecy Act/anti-money laundering requirements and sanctions compliance requirements as administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control. This heightened regulatory scrutiny, or the results of an investigation or examination, may lead to
additional regulatory investigations or enforcement actions. There is no assurance that those actions will not result in regulatory settlements or other enforcement actions against the Company. Furthermore, a single event involving a potential
violation of law or regulation may give rise to numerous and overlapping investigations and proceedings, either by multiple federal and state agencies and officials in the United States or, in some instances, regulators and other governmental
officials in foreign jurisdictions. 
Federal law grants substantial enforcement powers to federal banking regulators and law enforcement agencies.
This enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess significant civil or criminal monetary penalties, fines, or restitution; to issue cease and desist or removal orders; and to initiate injunctive actions against banking
organizations and institution-affiliated parties. These enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. Foreign supervisors also have increased regulatory scrutiny and enforcement in areas
related to consumer compliance, money laundering, and information technology systems and controls, among others. Any future enforcement action could have a material adverse impact on the Company. 

In general, the amounts paid by financial institutions in settlement of proceedings or investigations and the severity of other terms of regulatory
settlements are likely to remain elevated in the near term. In some cases, governmental authorities have required criminal pleas or other extraordinary terms as part of such settlements, which could have significant consequences for a financial
institution, including loss of customers, restrictions on the ability to access the capital markets, and the inability to operate certain businesses or offer certain products for a period of time. In February 2018, the Company entered into a
deferred prosecution agreement (the “DPA”) with the United States Attorney’s Office in Manhattan that resolved its investigation of the Company concerning a legacy banking relationship between U.S. Bank National Association and payday
lending businesses associated with a former customer and U.S. Bank National Association’s legacy Bank Secrecy Act/anti-money laundering compliance program. If the Company violates the DPA, its term could be extended, or the Company could be
subject to a prosecution or civil action based on the matters that are the subject of the DPA, any of which could result in additional fines,

penalties, settlements, payments or restrictions or other materially adverse impacts on the Company’s business, reputation or brand. In addition, the Company and certain of its affiliates
entered into related regulatory settlements with the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network and the Federal Reserve. If the Company and its affiliates fail to satisfy ongoing obligations under these regulatory settlements, the Company and its
affiliates may be required to enter into further orders and settlements, pay additional fines or penalties, or modify their business practices, which could increase operating expenses and decrease revenue. Moreover, the DPA and the regulatory orders
do not preclude additional enforcement actions by bank regulatory, governmental or law enforcement agencies or private litigation. Violations of laws and regulations or deemed deficiencies in risk management practices also may be incorporated into
the Company’s confidential supervisory ratings. A downgrade in these ratings, or these or other regulatory actions and settlements, could limit the Company’s ability to conduct expansionary activities for a period of time and require new
or additional regulatory approvals before engaging in certain other business activities. 
Compliance with new regulations and supervisory
initiatives may continue to increase the Company’s costs. In addition, regulatory changes may reduce the Company’s revenues, limit the types of financial services and products it may offer, alter the investments it makes, affect the manner
in which it operates its businesses, increase its litigation and regulatory costs should it fail to appropriately comply with new or modified laws and regulatory requirements, and increase the ability of
non-banks to offer competing financial services and products. 

Stringent requirements related to capital and liquidity
have been adopted by United States banking regulators that may limit the Company’s ability to return earnings to shareholders or operate or invest in its business United States banking regulators have adopted stringent capital- and
liquidity-related standards applicable to larger banking organizations, including the Company. The rules require banks to hold more and higher quality capital as well as sufficient unencumbered liquid assets to meet certain stress scenarios defined
by regulation. Changes to the implementation of these rules including the common equity tier 1 capital conservation buffer, or additional capital- and liquidity-related rules, could require the Company to take further steps to increase its
capital, increase its investment security holdings, divest assets or operations, or otherwise change aspects of its capital and/or liquidity measures, including in ways that may be dilutive to shareholders or could limit the Company’s ability
to pay common stock dividends, repurchase its common stock, invest in its businesses or provide loans to its customers. Refer to “Supervision and Regulation” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form

10-K for additional information regarding the Company’s capital and liquidity requirements under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and United States Basel III Capital Rules.

145

Table of Contents

 Additional requirements may be imposed in the future. In December 2017, the Basel Committee finalized a
package of revisions to the Basel III framework. The changes are meant to improve the calculation of risk-weighted assets and the comparability of capital ratios. Federal banking regulators are expected to undertake rule-makings in future years to
implement these revisions in the United States. In addition, in April 2018 the Federal Reserve proposed stress capital buffer requirements that would replace the capital conservation buffer with a stress capital buffer and a stress leverage buffer.
Refer to “Supervision and Regulation” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding the proposed stress buffer requirements. The ultimate impact of revisions
to the Basel III–based framework in the United States and the stress buffer requirements on the Company’s capital and liquidity will depend on the final rule-makings and the implementation process thereafter. 

The Company is subject to significant financial and reputational risks from potential legal liability and 
governmental actions The Company faces
significant legal risks in its businesses, and the volume of claims and amount of damages and penalties claimed in litigation and governmental proceedings against it and other financial institutions are substantial. Customers, clients and other
counterparties are making claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages, while banking regulators and certain other governmental authorities have focused on enforcement. As a participant in the financial services industry, it is likely
that the Company will continue to experience a high level of litigation related to its businesses and operations in the future. 

In addition,
governmental authorities have, at times, sought criminal penalties against companies in the financial services sector for violations, and, at times, have required an admission of wrongdoing from financial institutions in connection with resolving
such matters. Criminal convictions or admissions of wrongdoing in a settlement with the government can lead to greater exposure in civil litigation and reputational harm. 

Substantial legal liability or significant governmental action against the Company could materially impact its financial condition and results of
operations or cause significant reputational harm to the Company, which in turn could adversely impact its business prospects. Also, the resolution of a litigation or regulatory matter could result in additional accruals or exceed established
accruals for a particular period, which could materially impact the Company’s results from operations for that period. 
The Company may be required to
repurchase mortgage 
loans or indemnify mortgage loan purchasers as a result of 
breaches in contractual representations and warranties When the Company sells mortgage loans that it has originated to various parties, including GSEs,
it is required to make customary representations and warranties to the purchaser about the mortgage loans and the manner in which they were originated. The Company may be required to repurchase mortgage loans or be subject to indemnification claims
in the event of a breach of contractual representations or warranties that is not remedied

within a certain period. Contracts for residential mortgage loan sales to the GSEs include various types of specific remedies and penalties that could be applied if the Company does not
adequately respond to repurchase requests. If economic conditions and the housing market deteriorate or the GSEs increase their claims for breached representations and warranties, the Company could have increased repurchase obligations and increased
losses on repurchases, requiring material increases to its repurchase reserve. 
The Company is exposed to risk of environmental liability when it takes title to