An investment in the Company involves risk, including the possibility that the value
of the investment could fall substantially and that dividends or other distributions on the investment could be reduced or eliminated. Below are risk factors that could adversely affect the Company’s financial results and condition and the
value of, and return on, an investment in the Company. 

REGULATORY AND LEGAL RISK 

The Company is subject to extensive and expanding government regulation and supervision, which can lead to costly enforcement actions while increasing the cost of
doing business and limiting the Company’s ability to generate revenue Federal and state regulation and supervision has increased in recent years due to the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the
“Dodd-Frank Act”) and other financial reform initiatives. The Company will continue to face such increased regulation into 2016 and in future years, as a result of current and future initiatives intended to provide economic stimulus,
financial market stability, and enhancement of the liquidity and solvency of financial institutions. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors’ funds, the federal Deposit Insurance Fund, and the banking system as a whole,
and not the Company’s debt holders or shareholders. These regulations, and the Company’s inability to act in certain instances without receiving prior regulatory approval, affect the Company’s lending practices, capital structure,
investment practices, dividend policy, ability to repurchase common stock, and ability to pursue strategic acquisitions, among other things. 

Changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies, or their interpretation or implementation, and/or the continued heightening of regulatory
practices, requirements or expectations, could affect the Company in substantial and unpredictable ways. For example, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency’s (the “OCC’s”) Guidelines for

—
 156 —

Heightened Standards and the Federal Reserve’s Enhanced Prudential Supervision Rules have required and will continue to require significant Board of Directors oversight and management focus
on governance and risk-management activities. The OCC has also recently proposed guidelines that, if implemented, will require banks to develop and maintain a recovery plan subject to regulatory review, which could present new challenges and demands
on resources. In addition, many parts of the Dodd-Frank Act are still in the implementation stage, which leaves some uncertainty as to its fully implemented aggregate impact upon the Company. 

The financial services industry is facing more intense scrutiny from bank supervisors in the examination process and more aggressive enforcement of
regulations on both the federal and state levels, particularly with respect to mortgage-related practices and other consumer compliance matters, and compliance with Bank Secrecy Act/anti-money laundering requirements and sanctions compliance
requirements as administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control. In accordance with this trend, the Company entered into a Consent Order with the OCC in October 2015 that concerns deficiencies in its Bank Secrecy Act/anti-money laundering
compliance program, and requires an ongoing review of that program. Federal banking law grants substantial enforcement powers to federal banking regulators. This enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess significant
civil or criminal monetary penalties, fines, or restitution; to issue cease and desist or removal orders; and to initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and institution-affiliated parties. These enforcement actions may be initiated
for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. If the Company does not make satisfactory progress toward addressing the requirements of the October 2015 Consent Order, for example, it may be required to enter into further
orders and settlements, pay fines or other penalties or further modify its business practices (which may increase the Company’s operating expenses and decrease its revenue). Foreign supervisors also have increased regulatory scrutiny and
enforcement in areas related to consumer compliance, money laundering, and information technology systems and controls, among others. Any future enforcement action could have a material adverse impact on the Company. 

In general, the amounts paid by financial institutions in settlement of proceedings or investigations and the severity of other terms of regulatory
settlements have been increasing dramatically and are likely to continue to increase. In some cases, governmental authorities have required criminal pleas or other extraordinary terms as part of such settlements, which could have significant
consequences for a financial institution, including loss of customers, restrictions on the

ability to access the capital markets, and the inability to operate certain businesses or offer certain products for a period of time. Violations of laws and regulations or deemed deficiencies in
risk management practices also may be incorporated into the Company’s bank supervisory ratings. A downgrade in these ratings, or other regulatory actions and settlements, such as the October 2015 Consent Order, can limit the Company’s
ability to pursue acquisitions or conduct other expansionary activities for a period of time and require new or additional regulatory approvals before engaging in certain other business activities. 

Compliance with new regulations and supervisory initiatives may continue to increase the Company’s costs. In addition, regulatory changes may
reduce the Company’s revenues, limit the types of financial services and products it may offer, alter the investments it makes, affect the manner in which it operates its businesses, increase its litigation and regulatory costs should it fail
to appropriately comply with new laws and regulatory requirements, and increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products. See “Supervision and Regulation” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for additional information regarding the extensive regulatory framework applicable to the Company. 
More stringent requirements related to capital and liquidity
have been adopted by U.S. banking regulators that may limit the Company’s ability to return earnings to shareholders or operate or invest in its business U.S. banking regulators have adopted more stringent capital- and liquidity-related
standards applicable to larger banking organizations, including the Company. The rules require banks to hold more and higher quality capital as well as sufficient unencumbered liquid assets to meet certain stress scenarios defined by regulation. The
implementation of these rules including the common equity tier 1 capital conservation buffer, or additional capital- and liquidity-related rules could require the Company to take further steps to increase its capital, increase its investment
security holdings, divest assets or operations or otherwise change aspects of its capital and/or liquidity measures, including in ways that may be dilutive to shareholders or could limit the Company’s ability to pay common stock dividends,
repurchase its common stock, invest in its businesses or provide loans to its customers. See “Supervision and Regulation” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding the capital and liquidity
requirements under the Dodd-Frank Act and Basel III. 

Additional requirements are expected in the future. The Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System has recently proposed a policy statement that details the 

—
 157 —

framework it would follow in setting the countercyclical capital buffer, a macroprudential tool that would raise capital requirements when there is an elevated risk of above normal losses in the
U.S. financial system. Furthermore, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “Basel Committee”) has published several consultative papers regarding (i) the standardized approach to credit risk, (ii) a fundamental review of the
trading book, (iii) interest rate risk in the banking book, and (iv) operational risk. Finally, the Basel Committee has published its final net stable funding ratio framework. The U.S. banking regulators are expected to incorporate all of these
measures into domestic regulation. The ultimate impact on the Company’s capital and liquidity will depend on the final U.S. rulemakings and implementation process thereafter. 

The Company is subject to significant financial and reputational risks from potential legal liability and governmental actions The Company faces significant legal
risks in its business, and the volume of claims and amount of damages and penalties claimed in litigation and governmental proceedings against it and other financial institutions are increasing. Customers, clients and other counterparties have grown
more litigious and are making claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages, while banking regulators and certain other governmental authorities, such as the U.S. Department of Justice, have demonstrated an increasing focus on
enforcement, including in connection with alleged violations of law and customer harm. In addition, governmental authorities have begun to seek criminal penalties against companies in the financial services sector for regulatory violations and have
begun to require an admission of wrongdoing from financial institutions in connection with settling such matters. Criminal convictions or admissions of wrongdoing in a settlement with the government can lead to greater exposure in civil litigation
and reputational harm. 

As an example of increased risks arising from litigation, the Company and other large financial institutions have been sued
over the past several years in their capacity as trustee for residential mortgage–backed securities (“RMBS”) trusts. The plaintiffs in these actions allege that the significant losses they incurred as investors in the RMBS trusts were
caused by the trustees’ failure to enforce loan repurchase obligations and to abide by appropriate standards of care after events of default allegedly occurred, while also arguing to broaden the trustees’ duties. Although the Company has
denied liability and believes it has meritorious defenses in these cases, any finding of liability or new or enhanced duties in one or more of these cases against the Company, or another financial institution, could result in a significant financial
loss or require a modification to the Company’s business practices, which could negatively impact the Company’s financial results. 

Increased litigation costs, substantial legal liability or significant governmental action against the Company could

materially impact its financial condition and results of operations or cause significant reputational harm to the Company, which in turn could adversely impact its business prospects. 

The Company faces increased regulatory and legal risk arising out of its mortgage lending and servicing businesses The Company is subject to investigations,
examinations and inquiries by government agencies and bank regulators concerning mortgage-related practices, including those related to compliance with selling guidelines relating to residential home loans sold to GSEs, foreclosure-related expenses
submitted to the Federal Housing Administration or GSEs for reimbursement, lender-placed insurance, and notices and filings in bankruptcy cases. The Company is cooperating fully with these investigations, examinations and inquiries, any of which
could lead to administrative or legal proceedings or settlements. Remedies in such proceedings or settlements may include fines, penalties, restitution or alterations to the Company’s business practices, which could increase the Company’s
operating expenses and decrease its revenue. Additionally, reputational damage arising from these or other inquiries and industry-wide publicity could also have an adverse effect upon the Company’s existing mortgage business and could reduce
future business opportunities. 

In addition to governmental or regulatory investigations, the Company, like other companies with residential
mortgage origination and servicing operations, faces the risk of class actions and other litigation arising out of these operations. 
The Company may be required
to repurchase mortgage loans or indemnify mortgage loan purchasers as a result of breaches in contractual representations and warranties When the Company sells mortgage loans that it has originated to various parties, including GSEs, it is
required to make customary representations and warranties to the purchaser about the mortgage loans and the manner in which they were originated. The Company may be required to repurchase mortgage loans or be subject to indemnification claims in the
event of a breach of contractual representations or warranties that is not remedied within a certain period. Contracts for residential mortgage loan sales to the GSEs include various types of specific remedies and penalties that could be applied to
inadequate responses to repurchase requests. If economic conditions and the housing market deteriorate or the GSEs increase their claims of breached representations and warranties, the Company could have increased repurchase obligations and
increased loss severity on repurchases, requiring material increases to its repurchase reserve. 

The Company is exposed to risk of environmental liability when it
takes title to properties In the course of the Company’s business, the Company may foreclose on and

—
 158 —

take title to real estate. As a result, the Company could be subject to environmental liabilities with respect to these properties. The Company may be held liable to a governmental entity or to
third parties for property damage, personal injury, investigation and clean-up costs incurred by these parties in connection with environmental contamination or may be required to investigate or clean up hazardous or toxic substances or chemical
releases at a property. The costs associated with investigation or remediation activities could be substantial. In addition, if the Company is the owner or former owner of a contaminated site, it may be subject to common law claims by third parties
based on damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from the property. If the Company becomes subject to significant environmental liabilities, its financial condition and results of operations could be adversely
affected. 
ECONOMIC AND MARKET CONDITIONS RISK 

Deterioration in
business and economic conditions could adversely affect the financial services industry, and a reversal or slowing of the current economic recovery could adversely affect the Company’s lending business and the value of loans and debt securities
it holds The Company’s business activities and earnings are affected by general business conditions in the United States and abroad, including factors such as the level and volatility of short-term and long-term interest rates, inflation,
home prices, unemployment and under-employment levels, bankruptcies, household income, consumer spending, fluctuations in both debt and equity capital markets, liquidity of the global financial markets, the availability and cost of capital and
credit, investor sentiment and confidence in the financial markets, and the strength of the domestic and global economies in which the Company operates. The deterioration of any of these conditions can adversely affect the Company’s consumer
and commercial businesses and securities portfolios, its level of charge-offs and provision for credit losses, its capital levels and liquidity, and its results of operations. 

Given the high percentage of the Company’s assets represented directly or indirectly by loans, and the importance of lending to its overall
business, weak economic conditions are likely to have a negative impact on the Company’s business and results of operations. A reversal or slowing of the current economic recovery or another severe contraction could adversely impact loan
utilization rates as well as delinquencies, defaults and customer ability to meet obligations under the loans. The value to the Company of other assets such as investment securities, most of which are debt securities or other financial instruments
supported by loans, similarly would be negatively impacted by widespread decreases in credit quality resulting from a weakening of the

economy. Downward valuation of debt securities could also negatively impact the Company’s capital position. 

Stress in the commercial real estate markets, or a downturn in the residential real estate markets, could cause credit losses and deterioration in asset
values for the Company and other financial institutions. A downturn in used auto prices from its current levels could result in increased credit losses and impairment of residual lease values for the Company. Additionally, the current environment of
heightened scrutiny of financial institutions, as well as a continued focus on the pace and sustainability of the economic recovery, has resulted in increased public awareness of and sensitivity to banking fees and practices. 

Any further deterioration in global economic conditions, including those related to recent disruptions in Europe and China, could slow the recovery of
the domestic economy or negatively impact the Company’s borrowers or other counterparties that have direct or indirect exposure to these regions. Such global disruptions can undermine investor confidence, cause a contraction of available
credit, or create market volatility, any of which could have significant adverse effects on the Company’s businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, even if the Company’s direct exposure to the affected region is
limited. The continued depression of commodity prices, inclusive of energy prices, for an extended period of time, as well as other negative domestic market developments, may erode consumer confidence levels and cause adverse changes in payment
patterns, leading to increases in delinquencies and default rates in certain industries, or regions. Such developments could increase the Company’s loan charge-offs and provision for credit losses. Any future economic deterioration that affects
household or corporate incomes and the continuing concern regarding the possibility of a return to recessionary conditions could also result in reduced demand for credit or fee-based products and services. 

Improvements in economic indicators disproportionately affecting the financial services industry may lag improvements in the general economy Should the moderate
recovery of the United States economy continue, the improvement of certain economic indicators, such as real estate asset values, may nevertheless continue to lag behind the overall economy, which can affect certain industries, such as real estate
and financial services, more significantly. Should real estate asset values fail to recover for an extended period of time, the Company could be adversely affected. 

Changes in interest rates could reduce the Company’s net interest income The Company’s earnings are dependent to a large degree on net interest income,
which is 

—
 159 —

the difference between interest income from loans and investments and interest expense on deposits and borrowings. Net interest income is significantly affected by market rates of interest, which
in turn are affected by prevailing economic conditions, by the fiscal and monetary policies of the federal government and by the policies of various regulatory agencies. Like all financial institutions, the Company’s financial position is
affected by fluctuations in interest rates. Volatility in interest rates can also result in the flow of funds away from financial institutions into direct investments. Direct investments, such as United States government and corporate securities and
other investment vehicles (including mutual funds) generally pay higher rates of return than financial institutions, because of the absence of federal insurance premiums and reserve requirements. 

Further downgrades in the U.S. government’s sovereign credit rating could result in risks to the Company and general economic conditions that the Company is not
able to predict In the past, certain ratings agencies downgraded their sovereign credit rating, or negatively revised their outlook, of the U.S. government, and have indicated that they will continue to assess fiscal projections, as well as the
medium-term economic outlook for the United States. As a result, there continues to be the perceived risk of a sovereign credit ratings downgrade of the U.S. government, including the ratings of U.S. Treasury securities. If such a downgrade were to
occur, the ratings and perceived creditworthiness of instruments issued, insured or guaranteed by institutions, agencies or instrumentalities directly linked to the U.S. government could also be correspondingly affected. A downgrade might adversely
affect the market value of such instruments. Instruments of this nature are often held by financial institutions, including the Company, for investment, liquidity planning and collateral purposes. A downgrade of the sovereign credit ratings of the
U.S. government and perceived creditworthiness of U.S. government–related obligations could create uncertainty in the U.S. and global financial markets and negatively impact the Company’s liquidity. 

CREDIT AND MORTGAGE BUSINESS RISK 

Heightened credit risk could require
the Company to increase its provision for loan losses, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations and financial condition When the Company lends money, or commits to lend money, it incurs credit risk,
or the risk of losses if its borrowers do not repay their loans. As one of the largest lenders in the United States, the credit performance of the Company’s loan portfolios significantly affects its financial results and condition. The Company
incurred high levels of losses on loans during the most recent financial

crisis and recovery period, and if the current economic environment were to deteriorate, more of its customers may have difficulty in repaying their loans or other obligations, which could result
in a higher level of credit losses and higher provisions for credit losses. The Company reserves for credit losses by establishing an allowance through a charge to earnings to provide for loan defaults and nonperformance. The amount of the
Company’s allowance for loan losses is based on its historical loss experience as well as an evaluation of the risks associated with its loan portfolio, including the size and composition of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions and
geographic concentrations within the portfolio. The stress on the United States economy and the local economies in which the Company does business may be greater or last longer than expected, resulting in, among other things, greater than expected
deterioration in credit quality of the loan portfolio, or in the value of collateral securing those loans. 
In addition, the process the Company
uses to estimate losses inherent in its credit exposure requires difficult, subjective, and complex judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions and how these economic predictions might impair the ability of its borrowers to repay their
loans. These economic predictions and their impact may no longer be capable of accurate estimation, which may, in turn, impact the reliability of the process. As with any such assessments, the Company may fail to identify the proper factors or to
accurately estimate the impacts of the factors that the Company does identify. The Company also makes loans to borrowers where it does not have or service the loan with the first lien on the property securing its loan. For loans in a junior lien
position, the Company may not have access to information on the position or performance of the first lien when it is held and serviced by a third party and this may adversely affect the accuracy of the loss estimates for loans of these types.
Increases in the Company’s allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover actual loan losses, and future provisions for loan losses could materially and adversely affect its financial results. In addition, the Company’s ability to
assess the creditworthiness of its customers may be impaired if the models and approaches it uses to select, manage, and underwrite its customers become less predictive of future behaviors. 

A concentration of credit and market risk in the Company’s loan portfolio could increase the potential for significant losses The Company may have higher
credit risk, or experience higher credit losses, to the extent its loans are concentrated by loan type, industry segment, borrower type, or location of the borrower or collateral. For example, the Company’s credit risk and credit losses can
increase if borrowers who engage in similar activities are uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic or market conditions, or by regulation, such as regulation related to climate change. Deterioration in economic conditions or real estate
values in 

—
 160 —

states or regions where the Company has relatively larger concentrations of residential or commercial real estate could result in higher credit costs. In particular, deterioration in real estate
values and underlying economic conditions in California could result in significantly higher credit losses to the Company. 
Changes in interest rates can impact
the value of the Company’s mortgage servicing rights and mortgages held for sale, and can make its mortgage banking revenue volatile from quarter to quarter, which can reduce its earnings The Company has a portfolio of MSRs, which is the
right to service a mortgage loan–collect principal, interest and escrow amounts–for a fee. The Company initially carries its MSRs using a fair value measurement of the present value of the estimated future net servicing income, which
includes assumptions about the likelihood of prepayment by borrowers. Changes in interest rates can affect prepayment assumptions and thus fair value. As interest rates fall, prepayments tend to increase as borrowers refinance, and the fair value of
MSRs can decrease, which in turn reduces the Company’s earnings. Futher, it is possible that, because of economic conditions and/or a weak or deteriorating housing market, even if interest rates were to fall or remain low, mortgage originations
may also fall or any increase in mortgage originations may not be enough to offset the decrease in the MSRs’ value caused by the lower rates. 

A decline in
the soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations The Company’s ability to engage in routine funding or settlement transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and
commercial soundness of other domestic or foreign financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. The Company has exposure to many different
counterparties, and the Company routinely executes and settles transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, and other institutional
clients. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, the soundness of one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, could lead to losses or defaults by the Company or by other
institutions and impact the Company’s predominately United States–based businesses or the less significant merchant processing, corporate trust and fund administration services businesses it operates in foreign countries. Many of these
transactions expose the Company to credit risk in the event of a default by a counterparty or client. In addition, the Company’s credit risk may be further increased when the collateral held by the Company cannot be realized upon or is
liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover

the full amount of the financial instrument exposure due the Company. There is no assurance that any such losses would not adversely affect the Company’s results of operations. 

Change in residual value of leased assets may have an adverse impact on the Company’s financial results The Company engages in leasing activities and is
subject to the risk that the residual value of the property under lease will be less than the Company’s recorded asset value. Adverse changes in the residual value of leased assets can have a negative impact on the Company’s financial
results. The risk of changes in the realized value of the leased assets compared to recorded residual values depends on many factors outside of the Company’s control, including supply and demand for the assets, condition of the assets at the
end of the lease term, and other economic factors. 

OPERATIONS AND BUSINESS RISK 

A breach in the security of the Company’s systems could disrupt its businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage its reputation and
create significant financial and legal exposure Although the Company devotes significant resources to maintain and regularly upgrade its systems and processes that are designed to protect the security of the Company’s computer systems,
software, networks and other technology assets, as well as its intellectual property, and the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information belonging to the Company and its customers, the Company’s security measures do not provide
absolute security. Many financial services institutions, retailers and other companies engaged in data processing have reported breaches in the security of their websites or other systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and targeted
attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems, often through the introduction of computer viruses or malware, cyber attacks and other means. The Company and
certain other large financial institutions in the United States have experienced several well-publicized series of apparently related attacks from technically sophisticated and well resourced third parties that were intended to disrupt normal
business activities by making internet banking systems inaccessible to customers for extended periods. These “denial-of-service” attacks have not breached the Company’s data security systems, but require substantial resources to
defend, and may affect customer satisfaction and behavior. Furthermore, even if not directed at the Company, attacks on financial or other institutions important to the overall functioning of the financial system could adversely affect, directly or
indirectly, aspects of the Company’s businesses. 

Third parties with which the Company does business or that facilitate its business
activities, including exchanges, clearinghouses, payment and ATM networks, financial

—
 161 —

intermediaries or vendors that provide services or technology solutions for the Company’s operations, could also be sources of operational and security risks to the Company, including with
respect to breakdowns or failures of their systems, misconduct by their employees or cyber attacks that could affect their ability to deliver a product or service to the Company or result in lost or compromised information of the Company or its
customers. In addition, several large and small retailers and hospitality companies have recently disclosed substantial cyber security breaches affecting debit and credit card accounts of their customers, some of whom were the Company’s
cardholders. Although these incidents have not yet had a material impact on the Company, these attacks involving Company cards are likely to continue and could, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
financial condition or results of operations. 
It is possible that the Company may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive
measures against all security breaches of these types, especially because the techniques used change frequently, generally increase in sophistication, often are not recognized until launched, and because security attacks can originate from a wide
variety of sources, including organized crime, hackers, terrorists, activists, and other external parties, including parties sponsored by hostile foreign governments. Those parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or
other users of the Company’s systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to the Company’s data or that of its customers or clients, such as through “phishing” schemes. These risks may increase in the future
as the Company continues to increase its mobile payments and other internet-based product offerings and expands its internal usage of web-based products and applications. In addition, the Company’s customers often use their own devices, such as
computers, smart phones and tablets, to make payments and manage their accounts. The Company has limited ability to assure the safety and security of its customers’ transactions with the Company to the extent they are using their own devices,
which could be subject to similar threats. 
If the Company’s security systems were penetrated or circumvented, or if an authorized user
intentionally or unintentionally removed, lost or destroyed operations data, it could cause serious negative consequences for the Company, including significant disruption of the Company’s operations, misappropriation of confidential
information of the Company or that of its customers, or damage to computers or systems of the Company or those of its customers and counterparties. These consequences could result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws; financial loss to
the Company or to its customers; loss of confidence in the Company’s security measures; customer dissatisfaction; significant litigation exposure; regulatory fines, penalties or

intervention; reimbursement or other compensatory costs; additional compliance costs; and harm to the Company’s reputation, all of which could adversely affect the Company. 

The Company relies on its employees, systems and third parties to conduct its business, and certain failures could adversely affect its operations The Company
operates in many different businesses in diverse markets and relies on the ability of its employees and systems to process a high number of transactions. The Company incurs risks for potential losses resulting from its operations, including, but not
limited to, the risk of fraud by employees or persons outside of the Company, unauthorized access to its computer systems, the execution of unauthorized transactions by employees, errors relating to transaction processing and technology, breaches of
the internal control system and compliance requirements and business continuation and disaster recovery. This risk of loss also includes the potential legal actions, fines or civil money penalties that could arise as a result of an operational
deficiency or as a result of noncompliance with applicable regulatory standards, adverse business decisions or their implementation, and customer attrition due to potential negative publicity. 

Third parties provide key components of the Company’s business infrastructure, such as internet connections, network access and mutual fund
distribution. While the Company has selected these third parties carefully, it does not control their actions. Any problems caused by third party service providers, including as a result of their not providing the Company their services for any
reason or their performing their services poorly, could adversely affect the Company’s ability to deliver products and services to the Company’s customers and otherwise to conduct its business. Replacing third party service providers could
also entail significant delay and expense. In addition, failure of third party service providers to handle current or higher volumes of use could adversely affect the Company’s ability to deliver products and services to clients and otherwise
to conduct business. Technological or financial difficulties of a third party service provider could adversely affect the Company’s businesses to the extent those difficulties result in the interruption or discontinuation of services provided
by that party. 
Operational risks for large institutions such as the Company have generally increased in recent years, in part because of the
proliferation of new technologies, the use of internet services and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, activists, and other
external parties. If personal, confidential or proprietary information of customers or clients in the Company’s possession were to be mishandled or misused, the Company could suffer significant regulatory consequences, reputational

—
 162 —

damage and financial loss. This mishandling or misuse could include, for example, situations in which the information is erroneously provided to parties who are not permitted to have the
information, either by fault of the Company’s systems, employees, or third party service providers, or where the information is intercepted or otherwise inappropriately taken by third parties. In the event of a breakdown in the internal control
system, improper operation of systems or improper employee or third party actions, the Company could suffer financial loss, face legal or regulatory action and suffer damage to its reputation. 

The Company could lose market share and experience increased costs if it does not effectively develop and implement new technology The financial services industry
is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services, including innovative ways that customers can make payments or manage their accounts, such as through the use of digital
wallets or digital currencies. The Company’s continued success depends, in part, upon its ability to address customer needs by using technology to provide products and services that customers want to adopt, and create additional efficiencies in
the Company’s operations. Developing and deploying new technology-driven products and services can also involve costs that the Company may not recover and divert resources away from other product development efforts. The Company may not be able
to effectively develop and implement profitable new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to its customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the
financial services industry could harm the Company’s competitive position and negatively affect its revenue and profit. 

Negative publicity could damage the
Company’s reputation and adversely impact its business and financial results Reputational risk, or the risk to the Company’s business, earnings and capital from negative public opinion, is inherent in the Company’s business and
increased substantially because of the financial crisis beginning in 2008. The reputation of the financial services industry in general has been damaged as a result of the financial crisis and other matters affecting the financial services industry,
including mortgage foreclosure issues. Negative public opinion about the financial services industry generally or the Company specifically could adversely affect the Company’s ability to keep and attract customers, and expose the Company to
litigation and regulatory action. Negative public opinion can result from the Company’s actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices, mortgage servicing and foreclosure practices, corporate governance,
executive compensation, regulatory compliance, mergers and acquisitions, and related

disclosure, sharing or inadequate protection of customer information, and actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to that conduct. Because most of the
Company’s businesses operate under the “U.S. Bank” brand, actual or alleged conduct by one business can result in negative public opinion about other businesses the Company operates. Although the Company takes steps to minimize
reputation risk in dealing with customers and other constituencies, the Company, as a large diversified financial services company with a high industry profile, is inherently exposed to this risk. 

The Company’s business and financial performance could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by disasters, by terrorist activities or by international
hostilities Neither the occurrence nor the potential impact of disasters, terrorist activities or international hostilities can be predicted. However, these occurrences could impact the Company directly (for example, by interrupting the
Company’s systems, which could prevent the Company from obtaining deposits, originating loans and processing and controlling its flow of business; causing significant damage to the Company’s facilities; or otherwise preventing the Company
from conducting business in the ordinary course), or indirectly as a result of their impact on the Company’s borrowers, depositors, other customers, suppliers or other counterparties (for example, by damaging properties pledged as collateral
for the Company’s loans or impairing the ability of certain borrowers to repay their loans). The Company could also suffer adverse consequences to the extent that disasters, terrorist activities or international hostilities affect the financial
markets or the economy in general or in any particular region. These types of impacts could lead, for example, to an increase in delinquencies, bankruptcies or defaults that could result in the Company experiencing higher levels of nonperforming
assets, net charge-offs and provisions for credit losses. 

The Company’s ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of these occurrences is
in part dependent on the quality of the Company’s resiliency planning, and the Company’s ability, if any, to anticipate the nature of any such event that occurs. The adverse impact of disasters, terrorist activities or international
hostilities also could be increased to the extent that there is a lack of preparedness on the part of national or regional emergency responders or on the part of other organizations and businesses that the Company transacts with, particularly those
that it depends upon, but has no control over. Additionally, the nature and level of natural disasters may be exacerbated by global climate change.

—
 163 —

 LIQUIDITY RISK 

If the
Company does not effectively manage its liquidity, its business could suffer The Company’s liquidity is essential for the operation of its business. Market conditions, unforeseen outflows of funds or other events could negatively affect the
Company’s level or cost of funding, affecting its ongoing ability to accommodate liability maturities and deposit withdrawals, meet contractual obligations, and fund asset growth and new business transactions at a reasonable cost and in a
timely manner. If the Company’s access to stable and low-cost sources of funding, such as customer deposits, are reduced, the Company might need to use alternative funding, which could be more expensive or of limited availability. Any
substantial, unexpected or prolonged changes in the level or cost of liquidity could adversely affect the Company’s business. 

Loss of customer deposits could
increase the Company’s funding costs The Company relies on bank deposits to be a low-cost and stable source of funding. The Company competes with banks and other financial services companies for deposits. If the Company’s competitors
raise the rates they pay on deposits, the Company’s funding costs may increase, either because the Company raises its rates to avoid losing deposits or because the Company loses deposits and must rely on more expensive sources of funding.
Higher funding costs reduce the Company’s net interest margin and net interest income. Checking and savings account balances and other forms of customer deposits may decrease when customers perceive alternative investments, such as the stock
market, as providing a better risk/return tradeoff. When customers move money out of bank deposits and into other investments, the Company may lose a relatively low-cost source of funds, increasing the Company’s funding costs and reducing the
Company’s net interest income. 

A downgrade in the Company’s credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on its liquidity, funding costs and
access to capital markets The Company’s credit ratings are important to its liquidity. A reduction in one or more of the Company’s credit ratings could adversely affect its liquidity, increase its funding costs or limit its access to
the capital markets. Further, a downgrade could decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing or able, contractually or otherwise, to do business or lend to the Company, thereby adversely affecting the Company’s competitive
position. The Company’s credit ratings and credit rating agencies’ outlooks are subject to ongoing review by the rating agencies, which consider a number of factors, including the Company’s own financial strength, performance,

prospects and operations, as well as factors not within the control of the Company, including conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. There can be no assurance that the
Company will maintain its current ratings and outlooks. 
The Company relies on dividends from its subsidiaries for its liquidity needs and the payment of those
dividends could be limited by laws and regulations The Company is a separate and distinct legal entity from its bank and non-bank subsidiaries. The Company receives a significant portion of its cash from dividends paid by its subsidiaries. These
dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on the Company’s stock and interest and principal on its debt. Various federal and state laws and regulations limit the amount of dividends that its bank and certain of its non-bank
subsidiaries may pay to the Company without regulatory approval. Also, the Company’s right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary’s liquidation or reorganization is subject to prior claims of the subsidiary’s
creditors, except to the extent that any of the Company’s claims as a creditor of that subsidiary may be recognized. 

COMPETITIVE AND STRATEGIC RISK

The financial services industry is highly competitive, and competitive pressures could intensify and adversely affect the Company’s financial results
The Company operates in a highly competitive industry that could become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes, as well as continued industry consolidation, which may increase in connection with
current economic and market conditions. This consolidation may produce larger, better-capitalized and more geographically diverse companies that are capable of offering a wider array of financial products and services at more competitive prices. The
Company competes with other commercial banks, savings and loan associations, mutual savings banks, finance companies, mortgage banking companies, credit unions, investment companies, credit card companies, and a variety of other financial services
and advisory companies. In addition, technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks to offer products and services that traditionally were banking products, and for financial institutions to compete with technology
companies in providing electronic and internet-based financial solutions. Many of the Company’s competitors have fewer regulatory constraints, and some have lower cost structures. Also, the potential need to adapt to industry changes in
information technology systems, on 

—
 164 —

which the Company and financial services industry are highly dependent, could present operational issues and require capital spending. The Company’s ability to compete successfully depends
on a number of factors, including, among others, its ability to develop and execute strategic plans and initiatives; developing, maintaining and building long-term customer relationships based on quality service, competitive prices, high ethical
standards and safe, sound assets; and industry and general economic trends. A failure to compete effectively could contribute to downward price pressure on the Company’s products or services or a loss of market share. 

The Company may need to lower prices on existing products and services and develop and introduce new products and services to maintain market share The
Company’s success depends, in part, on its ability to adapt its products and services to evolving industry standards. There is increasing pressure to provide products and services at lower prices. Lower prices can reduce the Company’s net
interest margin and revenues from its fee-based products and services. In addition, the widespread adoption of new technologies, including internet services and mobile devices, such as mobile phones and tablet computers, could require the Company to
make substantial expenditures to modify or adapt its existing products and services. Also, these and other capital investments in the Company’s businesses may not produce expected growth in earnings anticipated at the time of the expenditure.
The Company might not be successful in developing or introducing new products and services, adapting to changing customer preferences and spending and saving habits, achieving market acceptance of its products and services, or sufficiently
developing and maintaining loyal customer relationships. 

The Company’s business could suffer if it fails to attract and retain skilled employees The
Company’s success depends, in large part, on its ability to attract and retain key employees. Competition for the best people in most activities the Company engages in can be intense. The Company may not be able to hire the best people or to
keep them. Recent strong scrutiny of compensation practices has resulted in, and may continue to result in, additional regulation and legislation in this area, as well as additional legislative and regulatory initiatives. There is no assurance that
this will not cause increased turnover or impede the Company’s ability to retain and attract the highest caliber employees. 

The Company may not be able to
complete future acquisitions, and completed acquisitions may not produce revenue enhancements or cost savings at levels or within timeframes originally anticipated, may

result in unforeseen integration difficulties, and may dilute existing shareholders’ interests The Company regularly explores opportunities to acquire financial services businesses or
assets and may also consider opportunities to acquire other banks or financial institutions. The Company cannot predict the number, size or timing of acquisitions it might pursue. 

The Company must generally receive federal regulatory approval before it can acquire a bank or bank holding company. The Company’s ability to
pursue or complete an attractive acquisition could be negatively impacted by regulatory delay or other regulatory issues. The Company cannot be certain when or if, or on what terms and conditions, any required regulatory approvals will be granted.
For example, the Company may be required to sell branches as a condition to receiving regulatory approval. If the Company commits certain regulatory violations, including those that result in a downgrade in certain of the Company’s bank
regulatory ratings, governmental authorities could, as a consequence, preclude it from pursuing future acquisitions for a period of time. 
There can
be no assurance that acquisitions the Company completes will have the anticipated positive results, including results related to expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence, and/or other projected benefits.
Integration efforts could divert management’s attention and resources, which could adversely affect the Company’s operations or results. The integration could result in higher than expected customer loss, deposit attrition, loss of key
employees, disruption of the Company’s businesses or the businesses of the acquired company, or otherwise adversely affect the Company’s ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees or achieve the anticipated benefits of
the acquisition. Also, the negative effect of any divestitures required by regulatory authorities in acquisitions or business combinations may be greater than expected. In addition, future acquisitions may also expose the Company to increased legal
or regulatory risks. Finally, future acquisitions could be material to the Company, and it may issue additional shares of stock to pay for those acquisitions, which would dilute current shareholders’ ownership interests. 

ACCOUNTING AND TAX RISK 

The Company’s reported financial results
depend on management’s selection of accounting methods and certain assumptions and estimates, which, if incorrect, could cause unexpected losses in the future The Company’s accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how the
Company records and reports its financial 

—
 165 —

condition and results of operations. The Company’s management must exercise judgment in selecting and applying many of these accounting policies and methods so they comply with generally
accepted accounting principles and reflect management’s judgment regarding the most appropriate manner to report the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, management must select the accounting policy or
method to apply from two or more alternatives, any of which might be reasonable under the circumstances, yet might result in the Company’s reporting materially different results than would have been reported under a different alternative. 

Certain accounting policies are critical to presenting the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. They require management to make
difficult, subjective or complex judgments about matters that are uncertain. Materially different amounts could be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions or estimates. These critical accounting policies include the
allowance for credit losses, estimations of fair value, the valuation of purchased loans and related indemnification assets, the valuation of MSRs, the valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets, and income taxes. Because of the uncertainty
of estimates involved in these matters, the Company may be required to do one or more of the following: significantly increase the allowance for credit losses and/or sustain credit losses that are significantly higher than the reserve provided,
recognize significant impairment on its goodwill and other intangible asset balances, or significantly increase its accrued taxes liability. For more information, refer to “Critical Accounting Policies” in this Annual Report. 

Changes in accounting standards could materially impact the Company’s financial statements From time to time, the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the
United States Securities and Exchange Commission change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the Company’s financial statements. These changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how the
Company records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. The Company could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively or apply an existing standard differently, also retroactively, in each case potentially
resulting in the Company restating prior period financial statements. As an example, the Financial Accounting Standards Board has issued proposed guidance related to a change in the accounting for credit losses on financial instruments. This
proposed guidance represents a significant departure from current accounting guidance and requires earlier recognition of credit losses in a company’s financial statements as it utilizes an expected credit loss concept

rather than the incurred loss concept. This new guidance is expected to be adopted by way of a cumulative effect adjustment recorded to beginning retained earnings upon the effective date. 

The Company’s investments in certain tax-advantaged projects may not generate returns as anticipated and may have an adverse impact on the Company’s
financial results The Company invests in certain tax-advantaged projects promoting affordable housing, community development and renewable energy resources. The Company’s investments in these projects are designed to generate a return
primarily through the realization of federal and state income tax credits, and other tax benefits, over specified time periods. The Company is subject to the risk that previously recorded tax credits, which remain subject to recapture by taxing
authorities based on compliance features required to be met at the project level, will fail to meet certain government compliance requirements and will not be able to be realized. The possible inability to realize these tax credit and other tax
benefits can have a negative impact on the Company’s financial results. The risk of not being able to realize the tax credits and other tax benefits depends on many factors outside of the Company’s control, including changes in the
applicable tax code and the ability of the projects to be completed. 

RISK MANAGEMENT 

The Company’s framework for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating risk and loss to the Company The Company’s risk management framework seeks
to mitigate risk and loss. The Company has established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report, and analyze the types of risk to which it is subject, including liquidity risk, credit risk, market risk, interest rate
risk, compliance risk, strategic risk, reputational risk, and operational risk related to its employees, systems and vendors, among others. However, as with any risk management framework, there are inherent limitations to the Company’s risk
management strategies as there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that it has not appropriately anticipated or identified. The recent financial and credit crises and resulting regulatory reform highlighted both the importance and some of the
limitations of managing unanticipated risks, and the Company’s regulators remain focused on ensuring that financial institutions build and maintain robust risk management policies. If the Company’s risk management framework proves
ineffective, the Company could incur litigation and negative regulatory consequences, and suffer unexpected losses that could affect its financial condition or results of operations.