An investment in the Company
involves risk, including the possibility that the value of the investment could fall substantially and that dividends or other distributions on the investment could be reduced or eliminated. Below are risk factors that could adversely affect the
Company’s financial results and condition and the value of, and return on, an investment in the Company. There may be other factors not discussed below or elsewhere that could adversely affect the Company’s financial results and condition.

Industry Risk Factors 

Difficult business and economic conditions may continue to adversely affect the financial services industry

 The Company’s business
activities and earnings are affected by general business conditions in the United States and abroad, including factors such as the level and volatility of short-term and long-term interest rates, inflation, home prices, unemployment and
under-employment levels, bankruptcies, household income, consumer spending, fluctuations in both debt and equity capital markets, liquidity of the global financial markets, the availability and cost of capital and credit, investor sentiment and
confidence in the financial markets, and the strength of the domestic and global economies in which the Company operates. The deterioration of any of these conditions can adversely affect the Company’s consumer and commercial businesses and
securities portfolios, its level of charge-offs and provision for credit losses, its capital levels and liquidity, and its results of operations. 

Although the domestic economy continued its modest recovery in 2012, elevated unemployment, under-employment and household debt, along with continued stress in the consumer real estate market and certain
commercial real estate markets, pose challenges to domestic economic performance and the financial services industry. The sustained high unemployment rate and the lengthy duration of unemployment have directly impaired consumer finances and pose
risks to the financial services industry. The housing market remains weak and elevated levels of distressed and delinquent mortgages pose further risks to the housing market. The declines in the housing and commercial real estate markets, with
falling real estate prices, increasing foreclosures and high unemployment, continue to negatively impact the credit performance of real estate related loans and 

U.S. BANCORP

145

have resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant write-downs of asset values by the Company and other financial institutions. Additionally, certain European countries have experienced
credit deterioration primarily due to excessive debt levels, poor economic conditions, and fiscal disorder. Deterioration in economic conditions in Europe could slow the recovery of the domestic economy or negatively impact the Company’s
borrowers or other counterparties that have direct or indirect exposure to Europe. Additional negative market developments may further erode consumer confidence levels and may cause adverse changes in payment patterns, causing increases in
delinquencies and default rates. Such developments could increase the Company’s charge-offs and provision for credit losses. Continuing economic deterioration that affects household or corporate incomes could also result in reduced demand for
credit or fee-based products and services. A worsening of these conditions would likely exacerbate the lingering effects of the difficult market conditions experienced by the Company and others in the financial services industry. 

Proposed rulemaking may adversely affect the Company

 The Company’s regulators have recently proposed rules under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) that impact the Company, and the Company
expects to continue to face increased regulation. These regulations may affect the manner in which the Company does business and the products and services that it provides, affect or restrict the Company’s ability to compete in its current
businesses or its ability to enter into or acquire new businesses, reduce or limit the Company’s revenue or impose additional fees, assessments or taxes on the Company, intensify the regulatory supervision of the Company and the financial
services industry, and adversely affect the Company’s business operations or have other negative consequences. 

The
Dodd-Frank Act was signed into law in 2010 and mandated the most wide-ranging overhaul of financial industry regulation in decades. This legislation, among other things, established a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the “CFPB”) with
broad authority to administer and enforce a new federal regulatory framework of consumer financial regulation. Since its establishment in 2012, the CFPB has become active in its oversight of business practices relating to various consumer financial
products, resulting in fines and penalties against certain of the Company’s competitors. The Dodd-Frank Act also enhanced the regulation of consumer mortgage banking and gave authority to the new CFPB to implement mortgage regulations. Proposed
and anticipated mortgage rules could dramatically alter how the industry makes mortgage loans as changes are being made throughout the life cycle of a loan, from application to origination to servicing. In addition, many of the other provisions of
the Dodd-Frank Act have extended implementation periods and delayed effective dates and still require extensive rulemaking, guidance and interpretation by various regulatory agencies. Accordingly, in many respects, the ultimate impact of the
legislation and its effects on the United States financial system and the Company still remain uncertain. Nevertheless, the Company expects that the Dodd-Frank Act, including current and future rules implementing its provisions and the
interpretations of those rules, will have a detrimental impact on revenues and expenses, require the Company to change certain of its business practices, intensify the regulatory supervision of the Company and the financial services industry,
increase the Company’s capital requirements and impose additional assessments and costs on the Company, and otherwise adversely affect the Company’s business. 

Other changes in the laws, regulations and policies governing financial services companies could alter the Company’s business environment and
adversely affect operations

 The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System regulates the supply of money and credit in the United States. Its fiscal and monetary policies
determine in a large part the Company’s cost of funds for lending and investing and the return that can be earned on those loans and investments, both of which affect the Company’s net interest margin. Federal Reserve Board policies can
also materially affect the value of financial instruments that the Company holds, such as debt securities, certain mortgage loans held for sale and mortgage servicing rights (“MSRs”). Its policies also can affect the Company’s
borrowers, potentially increasing the risk that they may fail to repay their loans or satisfy their obligations to the Company. Changes in policies of the Federal Reserve Board are beyond the Company’s control and the impact of changes in those
policies on the Company’s activities and results of operations can be difficult to predict. 

The Company and its bank
subsidiaries are heavily regulated at the federal and state levels. This regulation is to protect depositors, federal deposit insurance funds and the banking system as a whole. Congress and state legislatures and federal and state agencies
continually review banking laws, regulations and policies for possible changes. Changes in statutes, regulations or policies could affect the Company in substantial and unpredictable ways, including limiting the types of financial services and
products that the Company offers and/or increasing the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products. The Company cannot predict whether any of this potential legislation will be enacted, and if enacted, the effect that it
or any regulations would have on the Company’s financial condition or results of operations. 

146

U.S. BANCORP

Further downgrades in the U.S. government’s
sovereign credit rating could result in risks to the Company and general economic conditions that the Company is not able to predict 

Recently, certain ratings agencies downgraded
their sovereign credit rating, or negatively revised their outlook, of the U.S. government, and have indicated that they will continue to assess fiscal projections, as well as the medium-term economic outlook for the United States. Because of these
developments, there continues to be the perceived risk of a sovereign credit ratings downgrade of the U.S. government, including the ratings of U.S. Treasury securities. If such a downgrade were to occur, the ratings and perceived creditworthiness
of instruments issued, insured or guaranteed by institutions, agencies or instrumentalities directly linked to the U.S. government could also be correspondingly affected. A downgrade might adversely affect the market value of such instruments.
Instruments of this nature are often held by financial institutions, including the Company, for investment, liquidity planning and collateral purposes. A downgrade of the sovereign credit ratings of the U.S. government and perceived creditworthiness
of U.S. government-related obligations could impact the Company’s liquidity. 

The
Company’s lending businesses and the value of the loans and debt securities it holds may be adversely affected by economic conditions, including a reversal or slowing of the current moderate recovery. Downward valuation of debt securities could
also negatively impact the Company’s capital position

 Given the high percentage of the Company’s assets represented directly or indirectly by loans, and the importance of
lending to its overall business, weak economic conditions are likely to have a negative impact on the Company’s business and results of operations. This could adversely impact loan utilization rates as well as delinquencies, defaults and
customer ability to meet obligations under the loans. This is particularly the case during the period in which the aftermath of recessionary conditions continues and the positive effects of economic recovery appear to be slow to materialize and
unevenly spread among the Company’s customers. 

Further, weak economic conditions would likely have a negative impact on
the Company’s business, its ability to serve its customers, and its results of operations. Such conditions are likely to lead to increases in the number of borrowers who become delinquent or default or otherwise demonstrate a decreased ability
to meet their obligations under their loans. This would result in higher levels of nonperforming loans, net charge-offs, provision for credit losses and valuation adjustments on loans held for sale. The value to the Company of other assets such as
investment securities, most of which are debt securities or other financial instruments supported by loans, similarly would be negatively impacted by widespread decreases in credit quality resulting from a weakening of the economy. 

The Company is subject to liquidity risk

 The Company’s liquidity is essential for the operation of its business. Market conditions or other events could negatively affect the Company’s level or cost of funding. Although the Company
has implemented strategies to maintain sufficient and diverse sources of funding to accommodate planned, as well as unanticipated, changes in assets and liabilities under both normal and adverse conditions, any substantial, unexpected or prolonged
changes in the level or cost of liquidity could adversely affect the Company’s business. 

The Company’s credit ratings affect its liquidity 

The Company’s credit ratings are important to its liquidity. A reduction in the Company’s credit ratings could adversely affect its liquidity and competitive position, increase its funding costs
or limit its access to the capital markets. The Company’s credit ratings are subject to ongoing review by the rating agencies which consider a number of factors, including the Company’s own financial strength, performance, prospects and
operations, as well as factors not within the control of the Company, including conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. There can be no assurance that the Company will maintain its current ratings. 

Loss of customer deposits could increase the Company’s funding costs

 The Company relies on bank deposits to be a low cost and stable source of funding. The Company competes with banks and other financial services companies for deposits. If the Company’s competitors
raise the rates they pay on deposits, the Company’s funding costs may increase, either because the Company raises its rates to avoid losing deposits or because the Company loses deposits and must rely on more expensive sources of funding.
Higher funding costs reduce the Company’s net interest margin and net interest income. In addition, the Company’s bank customers could take their money out of the bank and put it in alternative investments. Checking and savings account
balances and other forms of customer deposits may decrease when customers 

U.S. BANCORP

147

perceive alternative investments, such as the stock market, as providing a better risk/return tradeoff. When customers move money out of bank deposits and into other investments, the Company may
lose a relatively low cost source of funds, increasing the Company’s funding costs and reducing the Company’s net interest income. 

The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect the Company

 The Company’s ability to engage in routine funding or settlement transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other domestic or foreign financial institutions.
Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. The Company has exposure to many different counterparties, and the Company routinely executes and settles transactions with
counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, and other institutional clients. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial
services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, could lead to losses or defaults by the Company or by other institutions and impact the Company’s predominately United States-based businesses or the less significant merchant
processing and trust businesses it operates in foreign countries. Many of these transactions expose the Company to credit risk in the event of default of the Company’s counterparty or client. In addition, the Company’s credit risk may be
further increased when the collateral held by the Company cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the financial instrument exposure due the Company. There is no assurance that any such losses
would not materially and adversely affect the Company’s results of operations. 

The
financial services industry is highly competitive, and competitive pressures could intensify and adversely affect the Company’s financial results

 The Company operates in a highly
competitive industry that could become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes, as well as continued industry consolidation which may increase in connection with current economic and market conditions.
This consolidation may produce larger, better-capitalized and more geographically diverse companies that are capable of offering a wider array of financial products and services at more competitive prices. The Company competes with other commercial
banks, savings and loan associations, mutual savings banks, finance companies, mortgage banking companies, credit unions, investment companies, credit card companies, and a variety of other financial services and advisory companies. In addition,
technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks, and for financial institutions to compete with technology companies in providing electronic and
internet-based financial services. Many of the Company’s competitors have fewer regulatory constraints, and some have lower cost structures. Also, the potential need to adapt to industry changes in information technology systems, on which the
Company and financial services industry are highly dependent, could present operational issues and require capital spending. 

The Company continually encounters technological change 

The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change
with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. The Company’s future success
depends, in part, upon its ability to address customer needs by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in the Company’s operations. The Company may not
be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to its customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services
industry could negatively affect the Company’s revenue and profit. 

Improvements in
economic indicators disproportionately affecting the financial services industry may lag improvements in the general economy

 Should the stabilization of the United States economy
continue, the improvement of certain economic indicators, such as unemployment and real estate asset values and rents, may nevertheless continue to lag behind the overall economy. These economic indicators typically affect certain industries, such
as real estate and financial services, more significantly. Furthermore, financial services companies with a substantial lending business, like the Company’s, are dependent upon the ability of their borrowers to make debt service payments on
loans. Should unemployment or real estate asset values fail to recover for an extended period of time, the Company could be adversely affected. 

Changes in consumer use of banks and changes in consumer spending and saving habits could adversely
affect the Company’s financial results

 Technology and other changes now allow many consumers to complete financial transactions without using banks. For example, consumers can
pay bills and transfer funds directly without going through a bank. This process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as “disintermediation,” could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and
income generated from those deposits. In addition, changes in consumer spending and saving habits could adversely affect the Company’s operations, and the Company may be unable to 

148

U.S. BANCORP

timely develop competitive new products and services in response to these changes that are accepted by new and existing customers. 

Changes in interest rates could reduce the Company’s net interest income

 The
operations of financial institutions such as the Company are dependent to a large degree on net interest income, which is the difference between interest income from loans and investments and interest expense on deposits and borrowings. An
institution’s net interest income is significantly affected by market rates of interest, which in turn are affected by prevailing economic conditions, by the fiscal and monetary policies of the federal government and by the policies of various
regulatory agencies. Like all financial institutions, the Company’s balance sheet is affected by fluctuations in interest rates. Volatility in interest rates can also result in the flow of funds away from financial institutions into direct
investments. Direct investments, such as United States government and corporate securities and other investment vehicles (including mutual funds) generally pay higher rates of return than financial institutions, because of the absence of
federal insurance premiums and reserve requirements. 

Company Risk Factors 

The Company’s allowance for loan losses may not cover actual losses

 When the
Company loans money, or commits to loan money, it incurs credit risk, or the risk of losses if its borrowers do not repay their loans. Like all financial institutions, the Company reserves for credit losses by establishing an allowance through a
charge to earnings to provide for loan defaults and non-performance. The amount of the Company’s allowance for loan losses is based on its historical loss experience as well as an evaluation of the risks associated with its loan portfolio,
including the size and composition of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions and geographic concentrations within the portfolio. The stress on the United States economy and the local economies in which the Company does business may be
greater or last longer than expected, resulting in, among other things, greater than expected deterioration in credit quality of the loan portfolio, or in the value of collateral securing those loans. In addition, the process the Company uses to
estimate losses inherent in its credit exposure requires difficult, subjective, and complex judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions and how these economic predictions might impair the ability of its borrowers to repay their loans,
which may no longer be capable of accurate estimation which may, in turn, impact the reliability of the process. As with any such assessments, there is also the possibility that the Company will fail to identify the proper factors or to accurately
estimate the impacts of the factors that the Company does identify. The Company also makes loans to borrowers where it does not have or service the loan with the first lien on the property securing its loan. For loans in a junior lien position, the
Company may not have access to information on the position or performance of the first lien when it is held and serviced by a third party and this may adversely affect the accuracy of the loss estimates for loans of these types. Increases in the
Company’s allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover actual loan losses, and future provisions for loan losses could materially and adversely affect its financial results. 

The Company may suffer increased losses in its loan portfolio despite its underwriting practices

 The Company seeks to mitigate the risks inherent in its loan portfolio by adhering to specific underwriting practices. These practices generally include: analysis of a borrower’s credit history,
financial statements, tax returns and cash flow projections; valuation of collateral based on reports of independent appraisers; and verification of liquid assets. Although the Company believes that its underwriting criteria are, and historically
have been, appropriate for the various kinds of loans it makes, the Company has already incurred high levels of losses on loans that have met these criteria, and may continue to experience higher than expected losses depending on economic factors
and consumer behavior. In addition, the Company’s ability to assess the creditworthiness of its customers may be impaired if the models and approaches it uses to select, manage, and underwrite its customers become less predictive of future
behaviors. Finally, the Company may have higher credit risk, or experience higher credit losses, to the extent its loans are concentrated by loan type, industry segment, borrower type, or location of the borrower or collateral. For example, the
Company’s credit risk and credit losses can increase if borrowers who engage in similar activities are uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic or market conditions, or by regulation, such as regulation related to climate change.
Continued deterioration in economic conditions or real estate values in states or regions where the Company has relatively larger concentrations of residential or commercial real estate could result in significantly higher credit costs. For example,
at December 31, 2012, 21.8 percent of the Company’s commercial real estate loans and 13.7 percent of its residential mortgages were secured by collateral in California. Continued deterioration in real estate values and underlying economic
conditions in California could result in significantly higher credit losses to the Company. 

The Company faces increased risk arising out of its mortgage lending and servicing
businesses

 During 2011, the Company and its two primary banking subsidiaries, entered into consent orders with various regulatory authorities as a result of an interagency horizontal
review of the foreclosure practices of the 14 largest mortgage servicers in the United States. The consent orders mandated certain changes to the Company’s 

U.S. BANCORP

149

mortgage servicing and foreclosure processes. In addition to the interagency examination by U.S. federal banking regulators, the Company has received inquiries from other governmental,
legislative and regulatory authorities on this topic, has cooperated, and continues to cooperate, with these inquiries. These inquiries may lead to other administrative, civil or criminal proceedings, possibly resulting in remedies including fines,
penalties, restitution, or alterations in the Company’s business practices. Additionally, reputational damage arising from the consent orders or from other inquiries and industry-wide publicity could also have an adverse effect upon the
Company’s existing mortgage business and could reduce future business opportunities. 

In addition to governmental or
regulatory investigations, the Company, like other companies with residential mortgage origination and servicing operations, faces the risk of class actions and other litigation arising out of these operations. The Company has reserved for these
matters, but the ultimate resolution could exceed those reserves. 

Changes in interest
rates can reduce the value of the Company’s mortgage servicing rights and mortgages held for sale, and can make its mortgage banking revenue volatile from quarter to quarter, which can reduce its earnings

 The Company has a portfolio of MSRs, which is the right to service a mortgage loan–collect principal, interest and escrow amounts–for a fee. The Company initially carries its MSRs using a fair
value measurement of the present value of the estimated future net servicing income, which includes assumptions about the likelihood of prepayment by borrowers. Changes in interest rates can affect prepayment assumptions and thus fair value. As
interest rates fall, prepayments tend to increase as borrowers refinance, and the fair value of MSR’s can decrease, which in turn reduces the Company’s earnings. 

An increase in interest rates tends to lead to a decrease in demand for mortgage loans, reducing the Company’s income from loan originations. Although revenue from the Company’s MSRs may
increase at the same time through increases in fair value, this offsetting revenue effect, or “natural hedge,” is not perfectly correlated in amount or timing. The Company typically uses derivatives and other instruments to hedge its
mortgage banking interest rate risk, but this hedging activity may not always be successful. The Company could incur significant losses from its hedging activities, and there may be periods where it elects not to hedge its mortgage banking interest
rate risk. As a result of these factors, mortgage banking revenue can experience significant volatility. 

Maintaining or increasing the Company’s market share may depend on lowering prices and market acceptance of new products and services

 The
Company’s success depends, in part, on its ability to adapt its products and services to evolving industry standards. There is increasing pressure to provide products and services at lower prices. Lower prices can reduce the Company’s net
interest margin and revenues from its fee-based products and services. In addition, the widespread adoption of new technologies, including internet services, could require the Company to make substantial expenditures to modify or adapt the
Company’s existing products and services. Also, these and other capital investments in the Company’s businesses may not produce expected growth in earnings anticipated at the time of the expenditure. The Company might not be successful in
introducing new products and services, achieving market acceptance of its products and services, or developing and maintaining loyal customers. 

The Company relies on its employees, systems and certain counterparties, and certain failures could
materially adversely affect its operations

 The Company operates in many different businesses in diverse markets and relies on the ability of its employees and systems to process a
high number of transactions. Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from the Company’s operations, including, but not limited to, the risk of fraud by employees or persons outside of the Company, unauthorized access to its computer
systems, the execution of unauthorized transactions by employees, errors relating to transaction processing and technology, breaches of the internal control system and compliance requirements and business continuation and disaster recovery. This
risk of loss also includes the potential legal actions that could arise as a result of an operational deficiency or as a result of noncompliance with applicable regulatory standards, adverse business decisions or their implementation, and customer
attrition due to potential negative publicity. Third parties with which the Company does business could also be sources of operational risk to the Company, including risks relating to breakdowns or failures of those parties’ systems or
employees. In the event of a breakdown in the internal control system, improper operation of systems or improper employee actions, the Company could suffer financial loss, face regulatory action and suffer damage to its reputation. 

If personal, confidential or proprietary information of customers or clients in the Company’s possession were to be mishandled or
misused, the Company could suffer significant regulatory consequences, reputational damage and financial loss. This mishandling or misuse could include, for example, situations in which the information is erroneously provided to parties who are not
permitted to have the information, either by fault of the Company’s systems, employees, or counterparties, or where the information is intercepted or otherwise inappropriately taken by third parties. 

150

U.S. BANCORP

A breach in the security of the Company’s systems
could disrupt its businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage its reputation and create significant financial and legal exposure

 Although the Company
devotes significant resources to maintain and regularly upgrade its systems and processes that are designed to protect the security of the Company’s computer systems, software, networks and other technology assets and the confidentiality,
integrity and availability of information belonging to the Company and its customers, there is no assurance that the Company’s security measures will provide absolute security. In fact, many other financial services institutions and companies
engaged in data processing have reported breaches in the security of their websites or other systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data,
disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems, often through the introduction of computer viruses or malware, cyberattacks and other means. The Company and several other financial institutions in the United States have recently experienced attacks
from technically sophisticated and well-resourced third parties that were intended to disrupt normal business activities by making internet banking systems inaccessible to customers for extended periods. These “denial-of-service” attacks
have not breached the Company’s data security systems, but require substantial resources to defend, and may affect customer satisfaction and behavior. 

Despite the Company’s efforts to ensure the integrity of its systems, it is possible that the Company may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive measures against all security
breaches of these types, especially because the techniques used change frequently or are not recognized until launched, and because security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources, including persons who are involved with organized
crime or associated with external service providers or who may be linked to terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments. Those parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of the Company’s
systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to the Company’s data or that of its customers or clients. These risks may increase in the future as the Company continues to increase its mobile payments and other
internet-based product offerings and expands its internal usage of web-based products and applications. 

If the Company’s
security systems were penetrated or circumvented, it could cause serious negative consequences for the Company, including significant disruption of the Company’s operations, misappropriation of confidential information of the Company or that of
its customers, or damage to computers or systems of the Company and those of its customers and counterparties, and could result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws, financial loss to the Company or to its customers, loss of confidence
in the Company’s security measures, customer dissatisfaction, significant litigation exposure, and harm to the Company’s reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

The change in residual value of leased assets may have an adverse impact on the Company’s
financial results 

The Company engages in leasing activities and is subject to the risk that the residual value of the property under lease will be less than the Company’s
recorded asset value. Adverse changes in the residual value of leased assets can have a negative impact on the Company’s financial results. The risk of changes in the realized value of the leased assets compared to recorded residual values
depends on many factors outside of the Company’s control, including supply and demand for the assets, condition of the assets at the end of the lease term, and other economic factors. 

Negative publicity could damage the Company’s reputation and adversely impact its business and financial results

 Reputation risk, or the risk to the Company’s business, earnings and capital from negative publicity, is inherent in the Company’s business and increased substantially because of the financial
crisis beginning in 2008. The reputation of the financial services industry in general has been damaged as a result of the financial crisis and other matters affecting the financial services industry, including mortgage foreclosure issues. Negative
public opinion about the financial services industry generally or the Company specifically could adversely affect the Company’s ability to keep and attract customers, and expose the Company to litigation and regulatory action. Negative
publicity can result from the Company’s actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices, mortgage servicing and foreclosure practices, corporate governance, regulatory compliance, mergers and acquisitions, and
related disclosure, sharing or inadequate protection of customer information, and actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to that conduct. Because most of the Company’s businesses operate under the
“U.S. Bank” brand, actual or alleged conduct by one business can result in negative publicity about other businesses the Company operates. Although the Company takes steps to minimize reputation risk in dealing with customers and
other constituencies, the Company, as a large diversified financial services company with a high industry profile, is inherently exposed to this risk. 

The Company’s reported financial results depend on management’s selection of accounting methods and certain assumptions and
estimates

 The Company’s accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how the Company records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. The
Company’s management must exercise 

U.S. BANCORP

151

judgment in selecting and applying many of these accounting policies and methods so they comply with generally accepted accounting principles and reflect management’s judgment regarding the
most appropriate manner to report the Company’s financial condition and results. In some cases, management must select the accounting policy or method to apply from two or more alternatives, any of which might be reasonable under the
circumstances, yet might result in the Company’s reporting materially different results than would have been reported under a different alternative. 

Certain accounting policies are critical to presenting the Company’s financial condition and results. They require management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments about matters that are
uncertain. Materially different amounts could be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions or estimates. These critical accounting policies include: the allowance for credit losses; estimations of fair value; the valuation
of purchased loans and related indemnification assets; the valuation of MSRs; the valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets; and income taxes. Because of the uncertainty of estimates involved in these matters, the Company may be required to
do one or more of the following: significantly increase the allowance for credit losses and/or sustain credit losses that are significantly higher than the reserve provided; recognize significant impairment on its goodwill and other intangible asset
balances; or significantly increase its accrued taxes liability. For more information, refer to “Critical Accounting Policies” in this Annual Report. 

Changes in accounting standards could materially impact the Company’s financial statements

 From time to time, the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the United States Securities and Exchange Commission change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of
the Company’s financial statements. These changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how the Company records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, the Company could be required to apply a
new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in the Company’s restating prior period financial statements. 

Acquisitions may not produce revenue enhancements or cost savings at levels or within timeframes originally anticipated and may result in unforeseen integration difficulties and dilution to existing
shareholders

 The Company regularly explores opportunities to acquire financial services businesses or assets and may also consider opportunities to acquire other banks or financial
institutions. The Company cannot predict the number, size or timing of acquisitions. 

There can be no assurance that the
Company’s acquisitions will have the anticipated positive results, including results related to expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence, and/or other projected benefits from the acquisition.
Integration efforts could divert management’s attention and resources, which could adversely affect the Company’s operations or results. The integration could result in higher than expected customer loss, deposit attrition (run-off), loss
of key employees, disruption of the Company’s business or the business of the acquired company, or otherwise adversely affect the Company’s ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees or achieve the anticipated benefits
of the acquisition. Also, the negative effect of any divestitures required by regulatory authorities in acquisitions or business combinations may be greater than expected. 

The Company must generally receive federal regulatory approval before it can acquire a bank or bank holding company. The Company cannot be certain when or if, or on what terms and conditions, any required
regulatory approvals will be granted. The Company may be required to sell banks or branches as a condition to receiving regulatory approval. 

Future acquisitions could be material to the Company and it may issue additional shares of stock to pay for those acquisitions, which would dilute current shareholders’ ownership interests.

The Company’s business could suffer if the Company fails to attract and retain
skilled people

 The Company’s success depends, in large part, on its ability to attract and retain key people. Competition for the best people in most activities the Company
engages in can be intense. The Company may not be able to hire the best people or to keep them. Recent strong scrutiny of compensation practices has resulted and may continue to result in additional regulation and legislation in this area as well as
additional legislative and regulatory initiatives, and there is no assurance that this will not cause increased turnover or impede the Company’s ability to retain and attract the highest caliber employees. 

The Company relies on other companies to provide key components of the Company’s business
infrastructure

 Third party vendors provide key components of the Company’s business infrastructure, such as internet connections, network access and mutual fund distribution.
While the Company has selected these third party vendors carefully, it does not control their actions. Any problems caused by these third parties, including as a result of their not providing the Company their services for any reason or their
performing their services poorly, could adversely affect the Company’s ability to deliver products and services to the Company’s customers and otherwise to conduct its business. Replacing these third party vendors could also entail
significant delay and expense. In addition, failure of third party vendors to handle current or higher volumes of use could adversely affect the Company’s ability to deliver products and services to clients and otherwise to conduct business.
Technological or financial 

152

U.S. BANCORP

difficulties of a third party service provider could adversely affect the Company’s business to the extent those difficulties result in the interruption or discontinuation of services
provided by that party. 

The Company has risk related to legal proceedings

 The Company is involved in judicial, regulatory and arbitration proceedings concerning matters arising from its business activities. The Company establishes reserves for legal claims when payments
associated with the claims become probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. The Company may still incur legal costs for a matter even if it has not established a reserve. In addition, the actual cost of resolving a legal claim may be
substantially higher than any amounts reserved for that matter. The ultimate resolution of any pending or future legal proceeding, depending on the remedy sought and granted, could materially adversely affect the Company’s results of operations
and financial condition. 

The Company is exposed to risk of environmental liability when
it takes title to properties

 In the course of the Company’s business, the Company may foreclose on and take title to real estate. As a result, the Company could be subject to
environmental liabilities with respect to these properties. The Company may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage, personal injury, investigation and clean-up costs incurred by these parties in connection
with environmental contamination or may be required to investigate or clean up hazardous or toxic substances or chemical releases at a property. The costs associated with investigation or remediation activities could be substantial. In addition, if
the Company is the owner or former owner of a contaminated site, it may be subject to common law claims by third parties based on damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from the property. If the Company becomes
subject to significant environmental liabilities, its financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

The Company’s business and financial performance could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by disasters, by terrorist activities or by international hostilities

 Neither the occurrence nor the potential impact of disasters, terrorist activities or international hostilities can be predicted. However, these occurrences could impact the Company directly (for
example, by interrupting the Company’s systems, which could prevent the Company from obtaining deposits, originating loans and processing and controlling its flow of business, causing significant damage to the Company’s facilities or
otherwise preventing the Company from conducting business in the ordinary course), or indirectly as a result of their impact on the Company’s borrowers, depositors, other customers, suppliers or other counterparties (for example, by damaging