The following factors
 may adversely affect the Company’s business, financial
 results or stock price.

 Industry Risk
 Factors

 Difficult
 business and economic conditions may continue to adversely
 affect the financial services industry

The Company’s
 business activities and earnings are affected by general
 business conditions in the United States and abroad. In 2010,
 the domestic and global economies generally began to stabilize
 from the dramatic downturn experienced in 2008 and 2009. The
 economic downturn resulted in negative effects on the business,
 financial condition and results of operations of financial
 institutions in the United States and other countries. However,
 domestic and global economies continue to remain unsteady and
 worsening of current financial market conditions could
 materially and adversely affect the Company’s business,
 financial condition, results of operations, access to credit or
 the trading price of the Company’s common stock. Dramatic
 declines in the housing and commercial real estate markets over
 the past several years, with falling real estate prices and
 increasing foreclosures and unemployment, continue to negatively
 impact the credit performance of real estate related loans and
 have resulted in significant write-downs of asset values by
 financial institutions. These write-downs have caused many
 financial institutions to seek additional capital, to reduce or
 eliminate dividends, to merge with larger and stronger
 institutions and, in some cases, to fail. Market developments
 may further erode consumer confidence levels and may cause
 adverse changes in payment patterns, causing increases in
 delinquencies and default rates, which may impact the
 Company’s charge-offs and provision for credit losses.
 Additional economic deterioration that affects household
 and/or
 corporate incomes could also result in reduced demand for credit
 or fee-based products and services. A worsening of these
 conditions would likely exacerbate the lingering effects of the
 difficult market conditions experienced by the Company and
 others in the financial services industry.

 U.S. BANCORP  131

Table of Contents

 The Company
 may be adversely affected by recently passed and proposed
 legislation and
 rulemaking

 The United States
 government and the Company’s regulators have recently
 passed and proposed legislation and rules that impact the
 Company, and the Company expects to continue to face increased
 regulation. These laws and regulations may affect the manner in
 which the Company does business and the products and services
 that it provides, affect or restrict the Company’s ability
 to compete in its current businesses or its ability to enter
 into or acquire new businesses, reduce or limit the
 Company’s revenue or impose additional fees, assessments or
 taxes on the Company, intensify the regulatory supervision of
 the Company and the financial services industry, and adversely
 affect the Company’s business operations or have other
 negative consequences.

 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
 was signed into law in 2010. This legislation, among other
 things, establishes a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau with
 broad authority to administer and enforce a new federal
 regulatory framework of consumer financial regulation, changes
 the base for deposit insurance assessments, introduces
 regulatory rate-setting for interchange fees charged to
 merchants for debit card transactions, enhances the regulation
 of consumer mortgage banking, limits the pre-emption of local
 laws applicable to national banks, and excludes certain
 instruments currently included in determining the Tier 1
 regulatory capital ratio. The capital instrument exclusion will
 be phased-in over a three-year period beginning in 2013. As of
 December 31, 2010, the instruments subject to that
 exclusion increase the Company’s Tier 1 capital ratio
 by 1.3 percent. Many of the legislation’s provisions
 have extended implementation periods and delayed effective dates
 and will require rulemaking by various regulatory agencies.
 Accordingly, the Company cannot currently quantify the ultimate
 impact of this legislation and the related future rulemaking,
 but expects that the legislation will have a detrimental impact
 on revenues and expenses, require the Company to change certain
 of its business practices, increase the Company’s capital
 requirements and impose additional assessments and costs on the
 Company, and otherwise adversely affect the Company’s
 business.

 Other changes
 in the laws, regulations and policies governing financial
 services companies could alter the Company’s business
 environment and adversely affect operations

The Board of
 Governors of the Federal Reserve System regulates the supply of
 money and credit in the United States. Its fiscal and monetary
 policies determine in a large part the Company’s cost of
 funds for lending and investing and the return that can be
 earned on those loans and investments, both of which affect the
 Company’s net interest margin. Federal Reserve Board
 policies can also materially affect the value of financial
 instruments that the Company holds, such as debt securities and
 mortgage servicing rights (“MSRs”). Its policies also
 can affect the Company’s borrowers, potentially increasing
 the risk that they may fail to repay their loans. Changes in
 policies of the Federal Reserve Board are beyond the
 Company’s control and can be difficult to predict.

 The Company and its bank subsidiaries are heavily regulated at
 the federal and state levels. This regulation is to protect
 depositors, federal deposit insurance funds and the banking
 system as a whole. Congress and state legislatures and federal
 and state agencies continually review banking laws, regulations
 and policies for possible changes. Changes in statutes,
 regulations or policies could affect the Company in substantial
 and unpredictable ways, including limiting the types of
 financial services and products that the Company offers
 and/or
 increasing the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial
 services and products. The Company cannot predict whether any of
 this potential legislation will be enacted, and if enacted, the
 effect that it or any regulations would have on the
 Company’s financial condition or results of operations.

 The Company
 could experience an unexpected inability to obtain needed
 liquidity 

The
 Company’s liquidity could be constrained by an unexpected
 inability to access the capital markets due to a variety of
 market dislocations or interruptions. If the Company is unable
 to meet its funding needs on a timely basis, its business would
 be adversely affected. The Company’s credit rating is
 important to its liquidity. A reduction in the Company’s
 credit rating could adversely affect its liquidity and
 competitive position, increase its funding costs or limit its
 access to the capital markets.

 Loss of
 customer deposits could increase the Company’s funding
 costs 

The Company
 relies on bank deposits to be a low cost and stable source of
 funding. The Company competes with banks and other financial
 services companies for deposits. If the Company’s
 competitors raise the rates they pay on deposits, the
 Company’s funding costs may increase, either because the
 Company raises its rates to avoid losing deposits or because the
 Company loses deposits and must rely on more expensive sources
 of funding. Higher funding costs could reduce the Company’s
 net interest margin and net interest income.

 132  

U.S. BANCORP

Table of Contents

 The soundness
 of other financial institutions could adversely affect the
 Company 

The
 Company’s ability to engage in routine funding transactions
 could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial
 soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services
 institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing,
 counterparty or other relationships. The Company has exposure to
 many different counterparties, and the Company routinely
 executes transactions with counterparties in the financial
 industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks,
 investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, and other
 institutional clients. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors
 or questions about, one or more financial services institutions,
 or the financial services industry generally, could lead to
 losses or defaults by the Company or by other institutions. Many
 of these transactions expose the Company to credit risk in the
 event of default of the Company’s counterparty or client.
 In addition, the Company’s credit risk may be exacerbated
 when the collateral held by the Company cannot be realized upon
 or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full
 amount of the financial instrument exposure due the Company.
 There is no assurance that any such losses would not materially
 and adversely affect the Company’s results of operations.

 The financial
 services industry is highly competitive, and competitive
 pressures could intensify and adversely affect the
 Company’s financial results

The Company operates
 in a highly competitive industry that could become even more
 competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and
 technological changes, as well as continued industry
 consolidation which may increase in connection with current
 economic and market conditions. The Company competes with other
 commercial banks, savings and loan associations, mutual savings
 banks, finance companies, mortgage banking companies, credit
 unions and investment companies. In addition, technology has
 lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks to
 offer products and services traditionally provided by banks.
 Many of the Company’s competitors have fewer regulatory
 constraints, and some have lower cost structures. Also, the
 potential need to adapt to industry changes in information
 technology systems, on which the Company and financial services
 industry are highly dependent, could present operational issues
 and require capital spending.

 The Company
 continually encounters technological change

The financial
 services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological
 change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven
 products and services. The effective use of technology increases
 efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve
 customers and to reduce costs. The Company’s future success
 depends, in part, upon its ability to address customer needs by
 using technology to provide products and services that will
 satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional
 efficiencies in the Company’s operations. The Company may
 not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven
 products and services or be successful in marketing these
 products and services to its customers. Failure to successfully
 keep pace with technological change affecting the financial
 services industry could negatively affect the Company’s
 revenue and profit.

 Improvements
 in economic indicators disproportionately affecting the
 financial services industry may lag improvements in the general
 economy 

Should the
 stabilization of the U.S. economy lead to a general
 economic recovery, the improvement of certain economic
 indicators, such as unemployment and real estate asset values
 and rents, may nevertheless continue to lag behind the overall
 economy. These economic indicators typically affect certain
 industries, such as real estate and financial services, more
 significantly. Furthermore, financial services companies with a
 substantial lending business, like the Company’s, are
 dependent upon the ability of their borrowers to make debt
 service payments on loans. Should unemployment or real estate
 asset values fail to recover for an extended period of time, the
 Company could be adversely affected.

 Changes in
 consumer use of banks and changes in consumer spending and
 saving habits could adversely affect the Company’s
 financial results

Technology and other
 changes now allow many consumers to complete financial
 transactions without using banks. For example, consumers can pay
 bills and transfer funds directly without going through a bank.
 This “disintermediation” could result in the loss of
 fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and income
 generated from those deposits. In addition, changes in consumer
 spending and saving habits could adversely affect the
 Company’s operations, and the Company may be unable to
 timely develop competitive new products and services in response
 to these changes that are accepted by new and existing customers.

 Changes in the
 domestic interest rate environment could reduce the
 Company’s net interest income

The operations of
 financial institutions such as the Company are dependent to a
 large degree on net interest income, which is the difference
 between interest income from loans and investments and interest
 expense on deposits and borrowings. An institution’s

 U.S. BANCORP  133

Table of Contents

 net interest income is significantly affected by market rates of
 interest, which in turn are affected by prevailing economic
 conditions, by the fiscal and monetary policies of the federal
 government and by the policies of various regulatory agencies.
 Like all financial institutions, the Company’s balance
 sheet is affected by fluctuations in interest rates. Volatility
 in interest rates can also result in the flow of funds away from
 financial institutions into direct investments. Direct
 investments, such as U.S. Government and corporate
 securities and other investment vehicles (including mutual
 funds) generally pay higher rates of return than financial
 institutions, because of the absence of federal insurance
 premiums and reserve requirements.

 Acts or
 threats of terrorism and political or military actions taken by
 the United States or other governments could adversely affect
 general economic or industry conditions

Geopolitical
 conditions may also affect the Company’s earnings. Acts or
 threats of terrorism and political or military actions taken by
 the United States or other governments in response to terrorism,
 or similar activity, could adversely affect general economic or
 industry conditions.

 Company Risk
 Factors

 The
 Company’s allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to
 cover actual losses

Like all financial
 institutions, the Company maintains an allowance for loan losses
 to provide for loan defaults and non-performance. The
 Company’s allowance for loan losses is based on its
 historical loss experience as well as an evaluation of the risks
 associated with its loan portfolio, including the size and
 composition of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions
 and geographic concentrations within the portfolio. The stress
 on the United States economy and the local economies in which
 the Company does business may be greater or last longer than
 expected, resulting in, among other things, greater than
 expected deterioration in credit quality of the loan portfolio,
 or in the value of collateral securing those loans. In addition,
 the process the Company uses to estimate losses inherent in its
 credit exposure requires difficult, subjective, and complex
 judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions and how
 these economic predictions might impair the ability of its
 borrowers to repay their loans, which may no longer be capable
 of accurate estimation which may, in turn, impact the
 reliability of the process. Increases in the Company’s
 allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover actual
 loan losses, and future provisions for loan losses could
 continue to materially and adversely affect its financial
 results.

 The Company
 may continue to suffer increased losses in its loan portfolio
 despite its underwriting practices

The Company seeks to
 mitigate the risks inherent in its loan portfolio by adhering to
 specific underwriting practices. These practices generally
 include: analysis of a borrower’s credit history, financial
 statements, tax returns and cash flow projections; valuation of
 collateral based on reports of independent appraisers; and
 verification of liquid assets. Although the Company believes
 that its underwriting criteria are, and historically have been,
 appropriate for the various kinds of loans it makes, the Company
 has already incurred high levels of losses on loans that have
 met these criteria, and may continue to experience higher than
 expected losses depending on economic factors and consumer
 behavior. In addition, the Company’s ability to assess the
 creditworthiness of its customers may be impaired if the models
 and approaches it uses to select, manage, and underwrite its
 customers become less predictive of future behaviors. Finally,
 the Company may have higher credit risk, or experience higher
 credit losses, to the extent its loans are concentrated by loan
 type, industry segment, borrower type, or location of the
 borrower or collateral. For example, the Company’s credit
 risk and credit losses can increase if borrowers who engage in
 similar activities are uniquely or disproportionately affected
 by economic or market conditions, or by regulation, such as
 regulation related to climate change. Continued deterioration of
 real estate values in states or regions where the Company has
 relatively larger concentrations of residential or commercial
 real estate could result in significantly higher credit costs.

 The Company
 faces increased risk arising out of its mortgage lending and
 servicing
 businesses

Numerous federal and state
 governmental, legislative and regulatory authorities are
 investigating practices in the mortgage lending and servicing
 industries. In addition to the interagency examination by
 U.S. federal banking regulators, the Company has received
 inquiries from other governmental, legislative and regulatory
 authorities on this topic, has cooperated, and continues to
 cooperate, with these inquiries. These inquiries may lead to
 other administrative, civil or criminal proceedings, possibly
 resulting in remedies including fines, penalties, restitution,
 or alterations in the Company’s business practices.
 Additionally, reputational damage arising out of the enforcement
 action or from other inquiries and industry-wide publicity could
 also have an adverse effect upon the Company’s existing
 mortgage business and could reduce future business opportunities.

 134  

U.S. BANCORP

Table of Contents

 In addition to governmental or regulatory investigations, the
 Company, like other companies with residential mortgage
 origination and servicing operations, faces the risk of class
 actions and other litigation arising out of these operations. At
 this time, the Company cannot predict the cost to or effect upon
 the Company from governmental, legislative or regulatory actions
 or private litigation or claims arising out of residential
 mortgage lending and servicing practices, although such actions,
 litigation and claims could, individually or in the aggregate,
 result in significant expense.

 Changes in
 interest rates can reduce the value of the Company’s
 mortgage servicing rights and mortgages held-for-sale, and can
 make its mortgage banking revenue volatile from quarter to
 quarter, which can negatively affect its earnings

The Company has a
 portfolio of MSRs, which is the right to service a mortgage loan
 for a fee. The Company initially carries its MSRs using a fair
 value measurement of the present value of the estimated future
 net servicing income, which includes assumptions about the
 likelihood of prepayment by borrowers. Changes in interest rates
 can affect prepayment assumptions and thus fair value. As
 interest rates fall, prepayments tend to increase as borrowers
 refinance, and the fair value of MSR’s can decrease, which
 in turn reduces the Company’s earnings.

 An increase in interest rates tends to lead to a decrease in
 demand for mortgage loans, reducing the Company’s income
 from loan originations. Although revenue from the Company’s
 MSRs may increase at the same time through increases in fair
 value, this offsetting revenue effect, or “natural
 hedge,” is not perfectly correlated in amount or timing.
 The Company typically uses derivatives and other instruments to
 hedge its mortgage banking interest rate risk, but this hedging
 activity may not always be successful. The Company could incur
 significant losses from its hedging activities, and there may be
 periods where it elects not to hedge its mortgage banking
 interest rate risk. As a result of these factors, mortgage
 banking revenue can experience significant volatility.

 Maintaining or
 increasing the Company’s market share may depend on
 lowering prices and market acceptance of new products and
 services 

The
 Company’s success depends, in part, on its ability to adapt
 its products and services to evolving industry standards. There
 is increasing pressure to provide products and services at lower
 prices. Lower prices can reduce the Company’s net interest
 margin and revenues from its fee-based products and services. In
 addition, the widespread adoption of new technologies, including
 internet services, could require the Company to make substantial
 expenditures to modify or adapt the Company’s existing
 products and services. Also, these and other capital investments
 in the Company’s businesses may not produce expected growth
 in earnings anticipated at the time of the expenditure. The
 Company might not be successful in introducing new products and
 services, achieving market acceptance of its products and
 services, or developing and maintaining loyal customers.

 The Company
 relies on its employees, systems and certain counterparties, and
 certain failures could materially adversely affect its
 operations 

The
 Company operates in many different businesses in diverse markets
 and relies on the ability of its employees and systems to
 process a high number of transactions. Operational risk is the
 risk of loss resulting from the Company’s operations,
 including, but not limited to, the risk of fraud by employees or
 persons outside of the Company, the execution of unauthorized
 transactions by employees, errors relating to transaction
 processing and technology, breaches of the internal control
 system and compliance requirements and business continuation and
 disaster recovery. This risk of loss also includes the potential
 legal actions that could arise as a result of an operational
 deficiency or as a result of noncompliance with applicable
 regulatory standards, adverse business decisions or their
 implementation, and customer attrition due to potential negative
 publicity. Third-parties with which the Company does business
 could also be sources of operational risk to the Company,
 including risks relating to breakdowns or failures of those
 parties’ systems or employees. In the event of a breakdown
 in the internal control system, improper operation of systems or
 improper employee actions, the Company could suffer financial
 loss, face regulatory action and suffer damage to its reputation.

 If personal, confidential or proprietary information of
 customers or clients in the Company’s possession were to be
 mishandled or misused, the Company could suffer significant
 regulatory consequences, reputational damage and financial loss.
 This mishandling or misuse could include, for example, if the
 information were erroneously provided to parties who are not
 permitted to have the information, either by fault of the
 Company’s systems, employees, or counterparties, or where
 the information is intercepted or otherwise inappropriately
 taken by third-parties.

 The change in
 residual value of leased assets may have an adverse impact on
 the Company’s financial results

The Company engages
 in leasing activities and is subject to the risk that the
 residual value of the property under lease will

 U.S. BANCORP  135

Table of Contents

 be less than the Company’s recorded asset value. Adverse
 changes in the residual value of leased assets can have a
 negative impact on the Company’s financial results. The
 risk of changes in the realized value of the leased assets
 compared to recorded residual values depends on many factors
 outside of the Company’s control, including supply and
 demand for the assets, condition of the assets at the end of the
 lease term, and other economic factors.

 Negative
 publicity could damage the Company’s reputation and
 adversely impact its business and financial results

Reputation risk, or
 the risk to the Company’s earnings and capital from
 negative publicity, is inherent in the Company’s business.
 Negative publicity can result from the Company’s actual or
 alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending
 practices, corporate governance and acquisitions, and actions
 taken by government regulators and community organizations in
 response to those activities. Negative publicity can adversely
 affect the Company’s ability to keep and attract customers,
 and can expose the Company to litigation and regulatory action.
 Because most of the Company’s businesses operate under the
 “U.S. Bank” brand, actual or alleged conduct by
 one business can result in negative publicity about other
 businesses the Company operates. Although the Company takes
 steps to minimize reputation risk in dealing with customers and
 other constituencies, the Company, as a large diversified
 financial services company with a high industry profile, is
 inherently exposed to this risk.

 The
 Company’s reported financial results depend on
 management’s selection of accounting methods and certain
 assumptions and estimates

The Company’s
 accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how the
 Company records and reports its financial condition and results
 of operations. The Company’s management must exercise
 judgment in selecting and applying many of these accounting
 policies and methods so they comply with generally accepted
 accounting principles and reflect management’s judgment
 regarding the most appropriate manner to report the
 Company’s financial condition and results. In some cases,
 management must select the accounting policy or method to apply
 from two or more alternatives, any of which might be reasonable
 under the circumstances, yet might result in the Company’s
 reporting materially different results than would have been
 reported under a different alternative.

 Certain accounting policies are critical to presenting the
 Company’s financial condition and results. They require
 management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments
 about matters that are uncertain. Materially different amounts
 could be reported under different conditions or using different
 assumptions or estimates. These critical accounting policies
 include: the allowance for credit losses; estimations of fair
 value; the valuation of purchased loans and related
 indemnification assets; the valuation of MSRs; the valuation of
 goodwill and other intangible assets; and income taxes. Because
 of the uncertainty of estimates involved in these matters, the
 Company may be required to do one or more of the following:
 significantly increase the allowance for credit losses
 and/or
 sustain credit losses that are significantly higher than the
 reserve provided; recognize significant impairment on its
 goodwill and other intangible asset balances; or significantly
 increase its accrued taxes liability. For more information,
 refer to “Critical Accounting Policies” in this Annual
 Report.

 Changes in
 accounting standards could materially impact the Company’s
 financial statements

From time to time,
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board changes the financial
 accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation
 of the Company’s financial statements. These changes can be
 hard to predict and can materially impact how the Company
 records and reports its financial condition and results of
 operations. In some cases, the Company could be required to
 apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in the
 Company’s restating prior period financial statements.

 Acquisitions
 may not produce revenue enhancements or cost savings at levels
 or within timeframes originally anticipated and may result in
 unforeseen integration difficulties

The Company
 regularly explores opportunities to acquire financial services
 businesses or assets and may also consider opportunities to
 acquire other banks or financial institutions. The Company
 cannot predict the number, size or timing of acquisitions.

 Difficulty in integrating an acquired business or company may
 cause the Company not to realize expected revenue increases,
 cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence,
 and/or other
 projected benefits from the acquisition. The integration could
 result in higher than expected deposit attrition (run-off), loss
 of key employees, disruption of the Company’s business or
 the business of the acquired company, or otherwise adversely
 affect the Company’s ability to maintain relationships with
 customers and employees or achieve the anticipated benefits of
 the acquisition. Also, the negative effect of any divestitures
 required by regulatory authorities in acquisitions or business
 combinations may be greater than expected.

 136  

U.S. BANCORP

Table of Contents

 The Company must generally receive federal regulatory approval
 before it can acquire a bank or bank holding company. In
 determining whether to approve a proposed bank acquisition,
 federal bank regulators will consider, among other factors, the
 effect of the acquisition on the competition, financial
 condition, and future prospects. The regulators also review
 current and projected capital ratios and levels, the competence,
 experience, and integrity of management and its record of
 compliance with laws and regulations, the convenience and needs
 of the communities to be served (including the acquiring
 institution’s record of compliance under the Community
 Reinvestment Act) and the effectiveness of the acquiring
 institution in combating money laundering activities. In
 addition, the Company cannot be certain when or if, or on what
 terms and conditions, any required regulatory approvals will be
 granted. The Company may be required to sell banks or branches
 as a condition to receiving regulatory approval.

 If new laws
 were enacted that restrict the ability of the Company and its
 subsidiaries to share information about customers, the
 Company’s financial results could be negatively affected

The Company’s
 business model depends on sharing information among the family
 of companies owned by U.S. Bancorp to better satisfy the
 Company’s customer needs. Laws that restrict the ability of
 the companies owned by U.S. Bancorp to share information
 about customers could negatively affect the Company’s
 revenue and profit.

 The
 Company’s business could suffer if the Company fails to
 attract and retain skilled people

The Company’s
 success depends, in large part, on its ability to attract and
 retain key people. Competition for the best people in most
 activities the Company engages in can be intense. The Company
 may not be able to hire the best people or to keep them. Recent
 strong scrutiny of compensation practices has resulted and may
 continue to result in additional regulation and legislation in
 this area as well as additional legislative and regulatory
 initiatives, and there is no assurance that this will not cause
 increased turnover or impede the Company’s ability to
 retain and attract the highest caliber employees.

 The Company
 relies on other companies to provide key components of the
 Company’s business infrastructure

Third-party vendors
 provide key components of the Company’s business
 infrastructure, such as internet connections, network access and
 mutual fund distribution. While the Company has selected these
 third-party vendors carefully, it does not control their
 actions. Any problems caused by these third-parties, including
 as a result of their not providing the Company their services
 for any reason or their performing their services poorly, could
 adversely affect the Company’s ability to deliver products
 and services to the Company’s customers and otherwise to
 conduct its business. Replacing these third-party vendors could
 also entail significant delay and expense.

 Significant
 legal actions could subject the Company to substantial uninsured
 liabilities 

The
 Company is from time to time subject to claims related to its
 operations. These claims and legal actions, including
 supervisory actions by the Company’s regulators, could
 involve large monetary claims and significant defense costs. To
 protect itself from the cost of these claims, the Company
 maintains insurance coverage in amounts and with deductibles
 that it believes are appropriate for its operations. However,
 the Company’s insurance coverage may not cover all claims
 against the Company or continue to be available to the Company
 at a reasonable cost. As a result, the Company may be exposed to
 substantial uninsured liabilities, which could adversely affect
 the Company’s results of operations and financial condition.

 The Company is
 exposed to risk of environmental liability when it takes title
 to properties 

In the
 course of the Company’s business, the Company may foreclose
 on and take title to real estate. As a result, the Company could
 be subject to environmental liabilities with respect to these