An investment in the Company involves risk, including the possibility that the value of the investment could fall substantially and that dividends or other distributions on the investment could be reduced or eliminated. Below are risk factors that are material to, and could adversely affect, the Company’s financial results and condition and the value of, and return on, an investment in the Company. 

Economic and Market Conditions Risk 

The COVID-19 pandemic has caused and may continue to cause significant harm to the global economy and the Company’s businesses 

The 
COVID-19 pandemic has had, and is expected to continue to have, negative effects on global economic conditions, including disruption and volatility of financial markets, supply chain disruptions, fluctuations in unemployment and other negative outcomes, including inflation. It is expected that these negative effects will be episodic for the duration of the pandemic, and, if new COVID variants or other diseases emerge, these negative effects on the global economy could worsen. 

The continuation or worsening of the economic conditions caused by COVID-19 may continue to have a material adverse effect on the Company and its business, including: (i) additional changes in demand for the Company’s products and services; (ii) possible increased recognition of credit losses and increases in the allowance for credit losses (particularly if unemployment rises and customers draw on their lines of credit); (iii) possible downgrades to the Company’s credit ratings; (iv) increased constraints on liquidity and capital; (v) the possibility of further reduced revenues from the Company’s credit and debit card, corporate payments products and merchant processing services product offerings, including because of business closures, unemployment or requirements for consumers to stay at home; (vi) negative impacts on the ability of the Company’s employees to work effectively, including because of illness, quarantines, work-from-home arrangements or other restrictions relating to the pandemic, and (vii) negative impacts on the ability of the Company’s third-party service providers to provide their services to the Company. 

137

 Continuing negative effects of COVID-19 and the resulting economic and market disruptions will depend on developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. However, it is likely that the Company’s business, financial condition, liquidity, capital and results of operations will continue to be adversely affected until the pandemic subsides and the domestic economy fully recovers. Further, the 
COVID-19 pandemic may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. 

Deterioration in business and economic conditions could adversely affect the Company

’

s lending business and the value of loans and debt securities it holds 
The Company’s business activities and earnings are affected by general business conditions in the United States and abroad, including factors such as the level and volatility of short-term and long-term interest rates, inflation, home prices, unemployment and under-employment levels, bankruptcies, household income, consumer spending, fluctuations in both debt and equity capital markets, liquidity of the global financial markets, the availability and cost of capital and credit, investor sentiment and confidence in the financial markets, and the strength of the domestic and global economies in which the Company operates. Changes in these conditions caused by the 
COVID-19 pandemic adversely affected the Company’s consumer and commercial businesses and securities portfolios, its level of charge-offs and provision for credit losses, and its results of operations during 2020 and 2021, and other future changes in these conditions, whether related to the 
COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, could have additional adverse effects on the Company and its businesses. 

Given the high percentage of the Company’s assets represented directly or indirectly by loans, and the importance of lending to its overall business, weak economic conditions caused by COVID-19 negatively affected the Company’s business and results of operations, including new loan origination activity, existing loan utilization rates and delinquencies, defaults and the ability of customers to meet obligations under the loans. Although the effects of 
COVID-19 were mitigated in part by governmental programs, availability of vaccines and the Company’s measures to assist its borrowers, there can be no assurances that such measures will continue to be effective or that there will be future governmental programs. In addition, future deterioration in economic conditions, whether caused by 
COVID-19 or other events, could have adverse effects on loan origination activity, loan utilization rates and delinquencies, defaults and the ability of customers to meet loan obligations. The value to the Company of other assets such as investment securities, most of which are debt securities or other financial instruments supported by loans, similarly have been, and would be, negatively impacted by widespread decreases in credit quality resulting from a weakening of the economy. 

In addition, volatility and uncertainty related to inflation and its effects, which could potentially contribute to poor economic conditions, may contribute to or enhance some of the risks described herein. For example, higher inflation could reduce demand for the Company’s products, adversely affect the creditworthiness of its borrowers or result in lower values for its 

 interest-earning assets and investment securities. Any of these effects, or others that the Company is not able to predict, could adversely affect its financial condition or results of operations. 

Any deterioration in global economic conditions could damage the domestic economy or negatively impact the Company’s borrowers or other counterparties that have direct or indirect exposure to these regions. Such global disruptions, including disruptions in supply chains or geopolitical risk, can undermine investor confidence, cause a contraction of available credit, or create market volatility, any of which could have material adverse effects on the Company’s businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, even if the Company’s direct exposure to the affected region is limited. Global political trends toward nationalism and isolationism, could increase the probability of a deterioration in global economic conditions. 

Changes in interest rates could reduce the Company’s net interest income
 The Company’s earnings are dependent to a large degree on net interest income, which is the difference between interest income from loans and investments and interest expense on deposits and borrowings. Net interest income is significantly affected by market rates of interest, which in turn are affected by prevailing economic conditions, by the fiscal and monetary policies of the federal government and by the policies of various regulatory agencies. Volatility in interest rates can also result in the flow of funds away from financial institutions into direct investments. Direct investments, such as United States government and corporate securities and other investment vehicles (including mutual funds), generally pay higher rates of return than financial institutions, because of the absence of federal insurance premiums and reserve requirements. During the first quarter of 2020, United States interest rates fell dramatically, which adversely impacted the Company’s net interest income. Interest rates remained low through 2021, which adversely affected the Company’s net interest income over the same period, and a prolonged 
low-interest rate environment may continue to adversely impact the Company’s net interest income in future periods. In addition, some foreign central banks have moved to a negative interest rate environment, which has exerted downward pressure on the profitability of banks in those regions. The Company’s financial condition could be damaged if this interest rate trend extends to the United States. 

Conversely, when interest rates are increasing, the Company can generally be expected to earn higher net interest income. However, higher interest rates can also lead to fewer originations of loans, less liquidity in the financial markets, and higher funding costs, each of which could adversely affect the Company’s revenues and its liquidity and capital levels. Higher interest rates can also negatively affect the payment performance on loans that are linked to variable interest rates. If borrowers of variable rate loans are unable to afford higher interest payments, those borrowers may reduce or stop making payments, thereby causing the Company to incur losses and increased operational costs related to servicing a higher volume of delinquent loans.     

138

 Changes in, or the discontinuance of, the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) as an interest rate benchmark could adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations 
The administrator of LIBOR has announced that the publication of the most commonly used United States Dollar LIBOR settings will cease to be provided or cease to be representative after June 30, 2023. The publication of all other LIBOR settings ceased to be provided or ceased to representative as of December 31, 2021. The United States federal banking agencies have also issued guidance strongly encouraging banking organizations to cease using the United States Dollar LIBOR as a reference rate in “new” contracts by December 31, 2021, with limited exceptions. 

The replacement of LIBOR is complex and could have a range of adverse impacts on the Company’s business and results of operations. The Company has various types of transactions, including derivatives, loans, bonds, and securitized products, that reference LIBOR and other Interbank Offered Rates (“IBORs”). The replacement of LIBOR and other IBORs with alternative benchmark rates and the Company’s development of products linked to alternate benchmark rates has created a number of risks for the Company, its customers, and the financial services industry more widely. 

The extensive changes to documentation that govern or reference LIBOR or LIBOR-based products create a variety of execution risks for the Company. The Company may be unable to modify contracts with its counterparties to replace the reference rate for existing contracts based on or linked to LIBOR and other interest rate benchmarks with alternative reference rates by the dates set for cessation of LIBOR and other interest rate benchmarks. 

The transition from LIBOR may also result in disputes, litigation or other actions with clients, counterparties or investors, including with respect to, among other things, (i) the interpretation and enforceability of provisions in LIBOR-based products such as fallback language or other related provisions, (ii) any economic, legal, operational or other impact from the fundamental differences between LIBOR and the various alterative reference rates, and (iii) any actions resulting from the Company’s interpretation and execution of its roles and responsibilities in corporate trust transactions. The transition may also result in additional inquiries or other actions from regulators regarding the Company’s preparation and readiness for the replacement of LIBOR. 

The discontinuation of a LIBOR setting, changes in LIBOR or changes in market acceptance of LIBOR as a reference rate may also adversely affect the yield on loans or securities held by the Company; amounts paid on securities the Company has issued; amounts received and paid on derivative instruments it has entered into; the value of such loans, securities or derivative instruments; the trading market for securities; the terms of new loans being made using different or modified reference rates; the Company’s ability to effectively use derivative instruments to manage risk; and the availability or cost of floating-rate funding and the Company’s exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. 

 Changes to benchmark indices may also adversely affect the price, liquidity, value of, return on and trading for a broad array of financial products, including any LIBOR-linked securities, loans and derivatives that are included in the Company’s financial assets and liabilities. 

The Company is also subject to the risk that its customers, counterparties and third-party vendors are not operationally ready to transition away from LIBOR, and the failure of such third parties to upgrade their operations to transition away from LIBOR on a timely basis could materially disrupt the Company’s operations. 

Operations and Business Risk 

A breach in the security of the Company’s systems, or the systems of certain third parties, could disrupt the Company’s businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage its reputation and create significant financial and legal exposure
 The Company experiences numerous attacks on its computer systems, software, networks and other technology assets daily, and the number of attacks is increasing. Although the Company devotes significant resources to maintain and regularly upgrade its systems and processes that are designed to protect the security of the Company’s computer systems, software, networks and other technology assets, as well as its intellectual property, and to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information belonging to the Company and its customers, the Company’s security measures may not be effective. Adversaries continue to develop more sophisticated cyber attacks that could impact the Company. Many banking institutions, retailers and other companies engaged in data processing, including software and information technology service providers, have reported breaches in the security of their websites or other systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems, often through the introduction of computer viruses or malware, cyber attacks and other means. 

Attacks on financial or other institutions important to the overall functioning of the financial system could also adversely affect, directly or indirectly, aspects of the Company’s businesses. The increasing consolidation, interdependence and complexity of financial entities and technology systems increases the risk of operational failure, both for the Company and on an industry-wide basis, and means that a technology failure, cyber attack, or other information or security breach that significantly degrades, deletes or compromises the systems or data of one or more financial entities could materially affect counterparties or other market participants, including the Company. 

Third parties that facilitate the Company’s business activities, including exchanges, clearinghouses, payment and ATM networks, financial intermediaries or vendors that provide services or technology solutions for the Company’s operations, could also be sources of operational and security risks to the Company, including with respect to breakdowns or failures of their systems, misconduct by their employees or cyber attacks that could affect their ability to deliver a product or service to the Company or 

139

result in lost or compromised information of the Company or its customers. The Company’s ability to implement back-up systems or other safeguards with respect to third-party systems is limited. Furthermore, an attack on or failure of a third-party system may not be revealed to the Company in a timely manner, which could compromise the Company’s ability to respond effectively. Some of these third parties may engage vendors of their own, which introduces the risk that these “fourth parties” could be the source of operational and security failures. In addition, if a third party or fourth party obtains access to the customer account data on the Company’s systems, and that party experiences a breach or misappropriates such data, the Company and its customers could suffer material harm, including heightened risk of fraudulent transactions, losses from fraudulent transactions, increased operational costs to remediate any security breach and reputational harm. These risks are expected to continue to increase as the Company expands its interconnectivity with its customers and other third parties. 

During the past several years a number of retailers and hospitality companies have disclosed substantial cyber security breaches affecting debit and credit card accounts of their customers, some of whom were the Company’s cardholders and who may experience fraud on their card accounts as a result of a breach. The Company might suffer losses associated with reimbursing its customers for such fraudulent transactions, as well as for other costs related to data security compromise events, such as replacing cards associated with compromised card accounts. These attacks involving Company cards are likely to continue and could, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition or results of operations. 

It is possible that the Company may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches of these types, because the techniques used change frequently, generally increase in sophistication, often are not recognized until launched, sometimes go undetected even when successful, and originate from a wide variety of sources, including organized crime, hackers, terrorists, activists, hostile foreign governments and other external parties. Those parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of the Company’s systems to disclose sensitive information to gain access to the Company’s data or that of its customers or clients, such as through “phishing” and other “social engineering” schemes. Other types of attacks may include computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, denial-of-service
 attacks, ransomware or ransom demands. During the 
COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has experienced increased information security risks, primarily as a result of the increase in work-from-home arrangements. These risks may increase in the future as the Company continues to increase its mobile and internet-based product offerings and expands its internal usage of 
web-based products and applications, which is expected to remain elevated at least as long as the 
COVID-19 pandemic continues. In addition, the Company’s customers often use their own devices, such as computers, smart phones and tablet computers, to 

make payments and manage their accounts, and are subject to “phishing” and other attempts from cyber criminals to compromise or deny access to their accounts. The Company has limited ability to assure the safety and security of its customers’ transactions with the Company to the extent they are using their own devices, which have been, and likely will continue to be, subject to such threats. 

In the event that the Company’s physical or cyber security systems are penetrated or circumvented, or an authorized user intentionally or unintentionally removes, loses or destroys operations data, serious negative consequences for the Company can follow, including significant disruption of the Company’s operations, misappropriation of confidential Company and/or customer information, or damage to the Company’s or customers’ or counterparties’ computers or systems. These consequences could result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws; financial loss to the Company or to its customers; loss of confidence in the Company’s security measures; customer dissatisfaction; significant litigation exposure; regulatory fines, penalties or intervention; reimbursement or other compensatory costs (including the costs of credit monitoring services); additional compliance costs; and harm to the Company’s reputation, all of which could adversely affect the Company. 

Because the investigation of any information security breach is inherently unpredictable and would require substantial time to complete, the Company may not be able to quickly remediate the consequences of any breach, which may increase the costs, and enhance the negative consequences associated with a breach. In addition, to the extent the Company’s insurance covers aspects of any breach, such insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of the Company’s losses. 

The Company relies on its employees, systems and third parties to conduct its business, and certain failures by systems or misconduct by employees or third parties could adversely affect its operations
 The Company operates in many different businesses in diverse markets and relies on the ability of its employees and systems to process a high number of transactions. The Company’s business, financial, accounting, data processing, and other operating systems and facilities may stop operating properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that are out of its control. In addition to the risks posed by information security breaches, as discussed above, such systems could be compromised because of spikes in transaction volume, electrical or telecommunications outages, degradation or loss of internet or website availability, natural disasters, political or social unrest, and terrorist acts. The Company’s business operations may be adversely affected by significant disruption to the operating systems that support its businesses and customers. If backup systems are used during outages, they might not process data as quickly as do the primary systems, resulting in the potential of some data not being backed up. 

The Company could also incur losses resulting from the risk of fraud by employees or persons outside the Company, unauthorized access to its computer systems, the execution of 

140

unauthorized transactions by employees, errors relating to transaction processing and technology, breaches of the internal control system and compliance requirements, and business continuation and disaster recovery. This risk of loss also includes the potential legal actions, fines or civil money penalties that could arise as a result of an operational deficiency or as a result of noncompliance with applicable regulatory standards, adverse business decisions or their implementation, and customer attrition due to potential negative publicity. 

Third parties provide key components of the Company’s business infrastructure, such as internet connections, network access and mutual fund distribution. While the Company has selected these third parties carefully, it does not control their actions. Any problems caused by third-party service providers, including as a result of not providing the Company their services for any reason or performing their services poorly, could adversely affect the Company’s ability to deliver products and services to the Company’s customers and otherwise to conduct its business. Replacing third-party service providers could also entail significant delay and expense. In addition, failure of third-party service providers to handle current or higher volumes of use could adversely affect the Company’s ability to deliver products and services to clients and otherwise to conduct business. Technological or financial difficulties of a third-party service provider could adversely affect the Company’s businesses to the extent those difficulties result in the interruption or discontinuation of services provided by that party. 

Operational risks for large financial institutions such as the Company have generally increased in recent years, in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, implementation of work-from-home arrangements such as during the COVID-19 pandemic, the use of internet services and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, the increased number and complexity of transactions being processed, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, activists, and other external parties. In the event of a breakdown in the internal control system, improper operation of systems or improper employee or third-party actions, the Company could suffer financial loss, face legal or regulatory action and suffer damage to its reputation. 

The Company could face material legal and reputational harm if it fails to safeguard personal information 
The Company is subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations, both inside and outside the United States, governing the privacy and protection of personal information. Individuals whose personal information may be protected by law can include the Company’s customers (and in some cases its customers’ customers), prospective customers, job applicants, employees, and the employees of the Company’s suppliers, and third parties. Complying with laws and regulations applicable to the Company’s collection, use, transfer and storage of personal information can increase operating costs, impact the development and marketing of new products or services, and reduce operational efficiency. Any mishandling or misuse of personal information by the Company or a third party affiliated 

with the Company could expose the Company to litigation or regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions. 

In the United States, several states have recently enacted consumer privacy laws that impose compliance obligations with respect to personal information. In particular, the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”) and its implementing regulations impose significant requirements on covered companies with respect to consumer data privacy rights. In November 2020, voters in the State of California approved the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), a ballot measure that amends and supplements the CCPA by, among other things, expanding certain rights relating to personal information and its use, collection, deletion, and disclosure by covered businesses. Compliance with the CCPA, the CPRA after it becomes effective, and other state statutes, common law, or regulations designed to protect consumer, employee, or job applicant personal information could potentially require substantive technology infrastructure and process changes across many of the Company’s businesses. Non-compliance with the CCPA, CPRA, or similar laws and regulations could lead to substantial regulatory fines and penalties, damages from private causes of action, and/or reputational harm. The Company cannot predict whether any pending or future state or federal legislation will be adopted, or the substance and impact of any legislation on the Company. Future legislation could result in substantial costs to the Company and could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, standards for personal data transfers from outside the United States are constantly changing, including the revisions made by the European Economic Area and Switzerland in 2021. Compliance with these changes and any future changes to data transfer or privacy requirements could potentially require the Company to make significant technological and operational changes, any of which could result in substantial costs to the Company, and failure to comply with applicable data protection and privacy laws could subject the Company to fines or regulatory oversight. 

Additional risks could arise from the failure of the Company or third parties to provide adequate disclosure or transparency to the Company’s customers about the personal information collected from them and the use of such information; to receive, document, and honor the privacy preferences expressed by the Company’s customers; to protect personal information from unauthorized disclosure; or to maintain proper training on privacy practices for all employees or third parties who have access to personal information. Concerns regarding the effectiveness of the Company’s measures to safeguard personal information and abide by privacy preferences, or even the perception that those measures are inadequate, could cause the Company to lose existing or potential customers and thereby reduce its revenues. In addition, any failure or perceived failure by the Company to comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws and regulations could result in requirements to modify or cease certain operations or practices, and/or in material liabilities or regulatory fines, penalties, or other sanctions. Refer to 

141

“Supervision and Regulation” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding data privacy laws and regulations. Any of these outcomes could damage the Company’s reputation and otherwise adversely affect its business. 

The Company could lose market share and experience increased costs if it does not effectively develop and implement new technology
 The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services, including innovative ways that customers can make payments or manage their accounts, such as through the use of mobile payments, digital wallets or digital currencies. The growth of many of these technologies was accelerated as a result of the 
COVID-19 pandemic and the shift to increased digital activity. The Company’s continued success depends, in part, upon its ability to address customer needs by using technology to provide products and services that customers want to adopt and create additional efficiencies in the Company’s operations. When launching a new product or service or introducing a new platform for the delivery of products and services, the Company might not identify or fully appreciate new operational risks arising from those innovations or might fail to implement adequate controls to mitigate those risks. Developing and deploying new technology-driven products and services can also involve costs that the Company may not recover and divert resources away from other product development efforts. The Company may not be able to effectively develop and implement profitable new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to its customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry, including because larger competitors may have more resources to spend on developing new technologies or because 
non-bank competitors have a lower cost structure and more flexibility, could harm the Company’s competitive position and negatively affect its revenue and profit. 

Damage to the Company’s reputation could adversely impact its business and financial results
 Reputation risk, or the risk to the Company’s business, earnings and capital from negative public opinion, is inherent in the Company’s business. Negative public opinion about the financial services industry generally or the Company specifically could adversely affect the Company’s ability to keep and attract customers, investors, and employees and could expose the Company to litigation and regulatory action. Negative public opinion can result from the Company’s actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices, cybersecurity breaches, failures to safeguard personal information, discriminating or harassing behavior of employees toward other employees or customers, mortgage servicing and foreclosure practices, compensation practices, sales practices, regulatory compliance, mergers and acquisitions, and actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to that conduct. In addition, failure to deliver against environmental, social and governance 

(“ESG”) goals and objectives could present reputational and financial harm to the Company. Many of the Company’s stakeholders, including investors, communities, customers, and employees, have increased expectations regarding how corporations are establishing and meeting ESG objectives when considering whether to conduct business with, invest in, or otherwise work with the Company. If the Company is unable to design or execute against business strategies that support ESG initiatives, reputational damage could result, leading to a loss of customers or negative investor sentiment. Although the Company takes steps to minimize reputation risk in dealing with customers and other constituencies, the Company, as a large diversified financial services company with a high industry profile, is inherently exposed to this risk. 

The Company’s business and financial performance could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by natural disasters, pandemics, terrorist activities, civil unrest or international hostilities
 Neither the occurrence nor the potential impact of natural disasters, pandemics, terrorist activities, civil unrest or international hostilities can be predicted. However, these occurrences could impact the Company directly (for example, by interrupting the Company’s systems, which could prevent the Company from obtaining deposits, originating loans and processing and controlling its flow of business; causing significant damage to the Company’s facilities; or otherwise preventing the Company from conducting business in the ordinary course), or indirectly as a result of their impact on the Company’s borrowers, depositors, other customers, vendors or other counterparties (for example, by damaging properties pledged as collateral for the Company’s loans or impairing the ability of certain borrowers to repay their loans). The Company could also suffer adverse consequences to the extent that natural disasters, pandemics, terrorist activities, civil unrest or international hostilities affect the financial markets or the economy in general or in any particular region. 

During the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company experienced significant disruptions to its normal operations, including the temporary closing of branches and a sudden increase in the volume of work-from-home arrangements. In addition, the Company has been indirectly negatively affected by the pandemic’s effects on the Company’s borrowers and other customers, and by its effects on global financial markets. Many of these effects are expected to continue for the duration of the pandemic and could worsen if the pandemic continues to spread or if any vaccines are not effective over the long term (including because of lack of acceptance or because of the emergence of new COVID variants), or if governmental and other responses to the pandemic are ineffective. The 
COVID-19 pandemic has caused, and other future natural disasters, pandemics, terrorist activities, civil unrest or international hostilities, may cause, an increase in delinquencies, bankruptcies or defaults that could result in the Company experiencing higher levels of nonperforming assets, net charge-offs and provisions for credit losses. 

142

The United States, and in particular, the Minneapolis/St. Paul metropolitan area following the tragic events that occurred in May 2020, faced a period of significant civil unrest during 2020. Although civil unrest has not materially affected the Company’s businesses to date, similar events could, directly or indirectly, have a material adverse effect on the Company’s operations (for example, by causing shutdowns of branches or working locations of vendors or other counterparties or damaging property pledged as collateral for the Company’s loans). 

The Company’s ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of these occurrences is in part dependent on the quality of the Company’s resiliency planning, and the Company’s ability, if any, to anticipate the nature of any such event that occurs. The adverse effects of natural disasters, pandemics, terrorist activities, civil unrest or international hostilities also could be increased to the extent that there is a lack of preparedness on the part of national or regional emergency responders or on the part of other organizations and businesses that the Company transacts with, particularly those that it depends upon, but has no control over. Additionally, both the frequency and severity of some kinds of natural disasters, including wildfires, flooding, tornadoes and hurricanes, have increased, and the Company expects will continue to increase, as a result of climate change. 

The Company’s business strategy, operations, financial performance and customers could be materially adversely affected by the impacts related to climate change 
There is an increasing concern over the risks of climate change and the impact that climate change may have on the Company and its customers and communities. The physical risks of climate change include increasing average global temperatures, rising sea levels and an increase in the frequency and severity of extreme weather events and natural disasters, including wildfires, floods, tornadoes and hurricanes. Climate shifts and the increasing frequency and severity of natural disasters reduce the Company’s ability to predict accurately the effects of natural disasters. Such disasters could disrupt the Company’s operations or the operations of customers or third parties on which the Company relies. Such disasters could also result in market volatility, negatively impact customers’ ability to pay outstanding loans, damage collateral or result in the deterioration of the value of collateral. Such disasters may also result in reduced availability of insurance, including insurance that protects property pledged as collateral for Company loans, which could negatively affect the Company’s ability to predict credit losses accurately. 

Additionally, climate change concerns could result in transition risk. Transition risks could include changes in consumer preferences, new technologies, and additional legislation and regulatory requirements, including those associated with the transition to a low-carbon economy. These physical risks and transition risks could increase expenses or otherwise adversely impact the Company’s business strategy, operations, financial performance and customers. In particular, new regulations or guidance, or the attitudes of regulators, shareholders and employees regarding climate change, may affect the activities in which the Company engages and the products that the 

Company offers. In addition, an increasing perspective that financial institutions, including the Company, play an important role in managing risks related to climate change, including indirectly with respect to their customers, may result in increased pressure on the Company to take additional steps to disclose and manage its climate risks and related lending and other activities. The Company could also experience increased expenses resulting from strategic planning, litigation and technology and market changes, and reputational harm as a result of negative public sentiment, regulatory scrutiny and reduced investor and stakeholder confidence due to the Company’s response to climate change and the Company’s climate change strategy. 

Risks associated with climate change are continuing to evolve rapidly, making it difficult to assess the effects of climate change on the Company, and the Company expects that climate change-related risks will continue to evolve and increase over time. 

Regulatory and Legal Risk 

The Company is subject to extensive and evolving government regulation and supervision, which can

increase the cost of doing business, limit the Company’s ability to make investments and generate revenue, and lead to costly enforcement actions
 Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors’ funds, the federal Deposit Insurance Fund, and the United States financial system as a whole, and not the Company’s debt holders or shareholders. These regulations, and the Company’s inability to act in certain instances without receiving prior regulatory approval, affect the Company’s lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy, ability to repurchase common stock, and ability to pursue strategic acquisitions, among other activities. 

The Company expects that its business will remain subject to extensive regulation and supervision and that the level of scrutiny and the enforcement environment may fluctuate over time, based on numerous factors, including changes in the United States presidential administration or one or both houses of Congress and public sentiment regarding financial institutions (which can be influenced by scandals and other incidents that involve participants in the industry). In particular, changes in administration may result in the Company and other large financial institutions becoming subject to increased scrutiny and/or more extensive legal and regulatory requirements than under prior presidential and congressional regimes. In addition, changes in key personnel at the agencies that regulate the Company, including the federal banking regulators, may result in differing interpretations of existing rules and guidelines and potentially more stringent enforcement and more severe penalties than previously experienced. New regulations or modifications to existing regulations and supervisory expectations have increased, and may in the future increase, the Company’s costs over time and necessitate changes to the Company’s existing regulatory compliance and risk management infrastructure. In addition, 

143

regulatory changes may reduce the Company’s revenues, limit the types of financial services and products it may offer, alter the investments it makes, affect the manner in which it operates its businesses, increase its litigation and regulatory costs should it fail to appropriately comply with new or modified laws and regulatory requirements, and increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products. 

Changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies, or their interpretation or implementation, and/or regulatory practices, requirements or expectations, could affect the Company in substantial and unpredictable ways. Moreover, general regulatory practices, such as longer time frames to obtain regulatory approvals for acquisitions and other activities (and the resultant impact on businesses the Company may seek to acquire), could affect the Company’s ability or willingness to make certain acquisitions or introduce new products or services. 

Federal law grants substantial supervisory and enforcement powers to federal banking regulators and law enforcement agencies, including, among other things, the ability to assess significant civil or criminal monetary penalties, fines, or restitution; to issue cease and desist or removal orders; and to initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and institution-affiliated parties. The financial services industry continues to face scrutiny from bank supervisors in the examination process and stringent enforcement of regulations on both the federal and state levels, particularly with respect to mortgage-related practices, student lending practices, sales practices and related incentive compensation programs, and other consumer compliance matters, as well as compliance with Bank Secrecy Act/anti-money laundering (“BSA/AML”) requirements and sanctions compliance requirements as administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control, and consumer protection issues more generally. This heightened regulatory scrutiny, or the results of an investigation or examination, may lead to additional regulatory investigations or enforcement actions. There is no assurance that those actions will not result in regulatory settlements or other enforcement actions against the Company, which could cause the Company material financial and reputational harm. Furthermore, a single event involving a potential violation of law or regulation may give rise to numerous and overlapping investigations and proceedings, either by multiple federal and state agencies and officials in the United States or, in some instances, regulators and other governmental officials in foreign jurisdictions. In addition, another financial institution’s violation of law or regulation relating to a business activity or practice often will give rise to an investigation of the same or similar activities or practices of the Company. 

In general, the amounts paid by financial institutions in settlement of proceedings or investigations and the severity of other terms of regulatory settlements are likely to remain elevated. In some cases, governmental authorities have required criminal pleas or other extraordinary terms, including admissions of wrongdoing and the imposition of monitors, as part of such settlements, which could have significant consequences for a financial institution, including loss of customers, reputational 

harm, increased exposure to civil litigation, restrictions on the ability to access the capital markets, and the inability to operate certain businesses or offer certain products for a period of time. 

Non-compliance with sanctions laws and/or BSA/AML laws or failure to maintain an adequate BSA/AML compliance program can lead to significant monetary penalties and reputational damage. In addition, federal regulators evaluate the effectiveness of an applicant in combating money laundering when determining whether to approve a proposed bank merger, acquisition, restructuring, or other expansionary activity. There have been a number of significant enforcement actions against banks, broker-dealers and 
non-bank financial institutions with respect to sanctions laws and BSA/AML laws, and some have resulted in substantial penalties, including against the Company and U.S. Bank National Association in 2018. 

Violations of laws and regulations or deemed deficiencies in risk management practices or consumer compliance also may be incorporated into the Company’s confidential supervisory ratings. A downgrade in these ratings, or these or other regulatory actions and settlements, could limit the Company’s ability to conduct expansionary activities for a period of time and require new or additional regulatory approvals before engaging in certain other business activities. 

Differences in regulation can affect the Company’s ability to compete effectively
 The content and application of laws and regulations applicable to financial institutions vary according to the size of the institution, the jurisdictions in which the institution is organized and operates and other factors. Large institutions, such as the Company, often are subject to more stringent regulatory requirements and supervision than smaller institutions. In addition, financial technology companies and other 
non-bank competitors may not be subject to the prudential and consumer protection regulatory framework that applies to banks, or may be regulated by a national or state agency that does not have the same regulatory priorities or supervisory requirements as the Company’s regulators. These differences in regulation can impair the Company’s ability to compete effectively with competitors that are less regulated and that do not have similar compliance costs. 

Stringent requirements related to capital and liquidity have been adopted by United States banking regulators that may limit the Company’s ability to return earnings to shareholders or operate or invest in its business
 United States banking regulators have adopted stringent capital- and liquidity-related standards applicable to larger banking organizations, including the Company. The rules require banks to hold more and higher quality capital as well as sufficient unencumbered liquid assets to meet certain stress scenarios defined by regulation. In November 2019, the federal banking regulators adopted two final rules (the “Tailoring Rules”) that revised the criteria for determining the applicability of regulatory capital and liquidity requirements for large United States banking organizations, including the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, and that tailored the application of the Federal 

144

Reserve’s enhanced prudential standards to large banking organizations. Although the Tailoring Rules and other recent changes to capital- and liquidity-related rules generally have simplified the regulatory framework applicable to the Company, future changes to the implementation of these rules including the common equity tier 1 capital conservation buffer, or additional capital- and liquidity-related rules, could require the Company to take further steps to increase its capital, increase its investment security holdings, divest assets or operations, or otherwise change aspects of its capital and/or liquidity measures, including in ways that may be dilutive to shareholders or could limit the Company’s ability to pay common stock dividends, repurchase its common stock, invest in its businesses or provide loans to its customers. 

The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and actions by the Federal Reserve have in the past limited and may in the future limit capital distributions, including suspension of the Company’s share repurchase program or reduction or suspension of the Company’s common stock dividend. 

Additional capital and liquidity requirements may be imposed in the future. In December 2017, the Basel Committee finalized a package of revisions to the Basel III framework (commonly referred to as “Basel IV”). The changes are meant to improve the calculation of risk-weighted assets and the comparability of capital ratios. Federal banking regulators are expected to undertake rule-makings in future years to implement these revisions in the United States. The ultimate impact of revisions to the Basel III–based framework in the United States on the Company’s capital and liquidity will depend on the final rule-makings and the implementation process thereafter. 

Refer to “Supervision and Regulation” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding the Company’s capital and liquidity requirements. 

The Company is subject to significant financial and reputation risks from potential legal liability and governmental actions
 The Company faces significant legal risks in its businesses, and the volume of claims and amount of damages and penalties claimed in litigation and governmental proceedings against it and other financial institutions are substantial. Customers, clients and other counterparties are making claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages, while banking regulators and certain other governmental authorities have focused on enforcement. The Company is named as a defendant or is otherwise involved in many legal proceedings, including class actions and other litigation. As a participant in the financial services industry, it is likely that the Company will continue to experience a high level of litigation related to its businesses and operations in the future. Substantial legal liability or significant governmental action against the Company could materially impact the Company’s financial condition and results of operations (including because such matters may be resolved for amounts that exceed established accruals for a particular period) or cause significant reputational harm to the Company. 

Since 2020, many financial institutions, including the Company, have received regulatory and governmental inquiries regarding participation directly or on behalf of customers and clients in United States government programs designed to support individuals, households and businesses impacted by the economic disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company’s participation in these and other programs used in response to the 
COVID-19 pandemic may lead to additional government and regulatory inquiries and litigation in the future, any of which could negatively impact the Company’s business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 

The Company may be required to repurchase mortgage loans or indemnify mortgage loan purchasers as a result of breaches in contractual representations and warranties
 When the Company sells mortgage loans that it has originated to various parties, including GSEs, it is required to make customary representations and warranties to the purchaser about the mortgage loans and the manner in which they were originated. The Company may be required to repurchase mortgage loans or be subject to indemnification claims in the event of a breach of contractual representations or warranties that is not remedied within a certain period. Contracts for residential mortgage loan sales to the GSEs include various types of specific remedies and penalties that could be applied if the Company does not adequately respond to repurchase requests. If economic conditions and the housing market deteriorate or the GSEs increase their claims for breached representations and warranties, the Company could have increased repurchase obligations and increased losses on repurchases, requiring material increases to its repurchase reserve. 

Credit and Mortgage Business Risk 

Heightened credit risk could require the Company to increase its provision for credit losses, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations and financial condition
 When the Company lends money, or commits to lend money, it incurs credit risk, or the risk of losses if its borrowers do not repay their loans. As one of the largest lenders in the United States, the credit performance of the Company’s loan portfolios significantly affects its financial results and condition. If the current economic environment were to further deteriorate, the Company’s customers may have more difficulty in repaying their loans or other obligations, which could result in a higher level of credit losses and higher provisions for credit losses. Unexpected stress on the United States economy or the local economies in which the Company does business, including the economic stress caused by the 
COVID-19 pandemic, has resulted, and in the future may result, in, among other things, unexpected deterioration in credit quality of the loan portfolio, or in the value of collateral securing those loans, which, during the 
COVID-19 pandemic caused, and in the future could cause, the Company to establish higher provisions for credit losses. 

145

The Company reserves for credit losses by establishing an allowance through a charge to earnings to provide for loan defaults and nonperformance. The Company’s allowance for loan losses is compliant with the CECL methodology, which is based on the portfolio’s historical loss experience, an evaluation of the risks associated with its loan portfolio, including the size and composition of the loan portfolio, current and foreseeable economic conditions and borrower and collateral quality. These conditions inform the Company’s expected lifetime loss estimates of the portfolio, which is the foundation for the allowance for credit losses. These forecasts and estimates require difficult, subjective, and complex judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions and how these economic predictions might impair the ability of the Company’s borrowers to repay their loans. The Company may not be able to accurately predict these economic conditions and/or some or all of their effects, which may, in turn, negatively impact the reliability of the process. The Company also makes loans to borrowers where it does not have or service the loan with the first lien on the property securing its loan. For loans in a junior lien position, the Company may not have access to information on the position or performance of the first lien when it is held and serviced by a third party, which may adversely affect the accuracy of the loss estimates for loans of these types. Increases in the Company’s allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover actual loan losses, and future provisions for loan losses could materially and adversely affect its financial results. In addition, the Company’s ability to assess the creditworthiness of its customers may be impaired if the models and approaches it uses to select, manage, and underwrite its customers become less predictive of future behaviors. 

A concentration of credit and market risk in the Company’s loan portfolio could increase the potential for significant losses
 The Company may have higher credit risk, or experience higher credit losses, to the extent its loans are concentrated by loan type, industry segment, borrower type, or location of the borrower or collateral. For example, the Company’s credit risk and credit losses can increase if borrowers who engage in similar activities are uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic or market conditions, or by regulation, such as regulation related to climate change. Deterioration in economic conditions or real estate values in states or regions where the Company has relatively larger concentrations of residential or commercial real estate could result in higher credit costs. For example, once the Company’s expected acquisition of MUFG Union Bank closes, deterioration in real estate values and underlying economic conditions in California could result in significantly higher credit losses to the Company. 

Changes in interest rates can impact the value of the Company’s mortgage servicing rights and mortgages held for sale, and can make its mortgage banking revenue volatile from quarter to quarter, which can reduce its earnings
 The Company has a portfolio of MSRs, which is the right to service a mortgage loan—collect principal, interest and 

escrow amounts—for a fee, with a fair value of $3.0 billion as of December 31, 2021. The Company initially carries its MSRs using a fair value measurement of the present value of the estimated future net servicing income, which includes assumptions about the likelihood of prepayment by borrowers. Changes in interest rates can affect prepayment assumptions and thus fair value. When interest rates fall, prepayments tend to increase as borrowers refinance, and the fair value of MSRs can decrease, which in turn reduces the Company’s earnings. Further, it is possible that, because of economic conditions and/or a weak or deteriorating housing market, even when interest rates fall or remain low, mortgage originations may fall or any increase in mortgage originations may not be enough to offset the decrease in the MSRs’ value caused by the lower rates. 

A decline in the soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations
 The Company’s ability to engage in routine funding or settlement transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other domestic or foreign financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. The Company has exposure to many different counterparties, and the Company routinely executes and settles transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, and other institutional clients. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, the soundness of one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, could lead to losses or defaults by the Company or by other institutions and impact the Company’s predominately United States–based businesses or the less significant merchant processing, corporate trust and fund administration services businesses it operates in foreign countries. Many of these transactions expose the Company to credit risk in the event of a default by a counterparty or client. In addition, the Company’s credit risk may be further increased when the collateral held by the Company cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the financial instrument exposure due the Company. There is no assurance that any such losses would not adversely affect the Company’s results of operations. 

Change in residual value of leased assets may have an adverse impact on the Company’s financial results
 The Company engages in leasing activities and is subject to the risk that the residual value of the property under lease will be less than the Company’s recorded asset value. Adverse changes in the residual value of leased assets can have a negative impact on the Company’s financial results. The risk of changes in the realized value of the leased assets compared to recorded residual values depends on many factors outside of the Company’s control, including supply and demand for the assets, condition of the assets at the end of the lease term, and other economic factors. 

146

Liquidity Risk 

If the Company does not effectively manage its liquidity, its business could suffer
 The Company’s liquidity is essential for the operation of its business. Market conditions, unforeseen outflows of funds or other events could negatively affect the Company’s level or cost of funding, affecting its ongoing ability to accommodate liability maturities and deposit withdrawals, meet contractual obligations, and fund asset growth and new business transactions at a reasonable cost and in a timely manner. If the Company’s access to stable and 
low-cost sources of funding, such as customer deposits, is reduced, the Company might need to use alternative funding, which could be more expensive or of limited availability. Any substantial, unexpected or prolonged changes in the level or cost of liquidity could adversely affect the Company’s business. 

Loss of customer deposits could increase the Company’s funding costs
 The Company relies on bank deposits to be a 
low-cost and stable source of funding. The Company competes with banks and other financial services companies for deposits, including those that offer 
on-line channels. If the Company’s competitors raise the interest rates they pay on deposits, the Company’s funding costs may increase, either because the Company raises the interest rates it pays on deposits to avoid losing deposits to competitors or because the Company loses deposits to competitors and must rely on more expensive sources of funding. Higher funding costs reduce the Company’s net interest margin and net interest income. Checking and savings account balances and other forms of customer deposits may decrease when customers perceive alternative investments, such as the stock market, as providing a better risk/return tradeoff. When customers move money out of bank deposits and into other investments, the Company may lose a relatively 
low-cost source of funds, increasing the Company’s funding costs and reducing the Company’s net interest income. 

The Company relies on dividends from its subsidiaries for its liquidity needs, and the payment of those dividends is limited by laws and regulations
 The Company is a separate and distinct legal entity from U.S. Bank National Association and its 
non-bank subsidiaries. The Company receives a significant portion of its cash from dividends paid by its subsidiaries. These dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on the Company’s stock and interest and principal on its debt. Various federal and state laws and regulations limit the amount of dividends that U.S. Bank National Association and certain of its 
non-bank subsidiaries may pay to the Company without regulatory approval. Also, the Company’s right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary’s liquidation or reorganization is subject to prior claims of the subsidiary’s creditors, except to the extent that any of the Company’s claims as a creditor of that subsidiary may be recognized. Refer to “Supervision and Regulation” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 
10-K for additional information regarding limitations on the amount of dividends U.S. Bank National Association may pay. 

Competitive and Strategic Risk 

The financial services industry is highly competitive, and

competitive pressures could intensify and adversely affect the Company’s financial results
 The Company operates in a highly competitive industry that could become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes, as well as continued industry consolidation, which may increase in connection with current economic and market conditions. This consolidation may produce larger, better-capitalized and more geographically diverse companies that are capable of offering a wider array of financial products and services at more competitive prices. The Company competes with other commercial banks, savings and loan associations, mutual savings banks, finance companies, mortgage banking companies, credit unions, investment companies, credit card companies, and a variety of other financial services and advisory companies. Legislative or regulatory changes also could lead to increased competition in the financial services sector. For example, the Economic Growth Act and the Tailoring Rules have reduced the regulatory burden of large bank holding companies, including the Company and some of its competitors, and raised the asset thresholds at which more onerous requirements apply, which could cause certain large bank holding companies with less than $250 billion in total consolidated assets, which were previously subject to more stringent enhanced prudential standards, to become more competitive or to pursue expansion more aggressively. 

The adoption and rapid growth of new technologies, including cryptocurrencies and blockchain and other distributed ledger technologies, have required the Company to invest resources to adapt its systems, products and services, and it expects to continue to make similar investments. In addition, technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks to offer products and services, such as loans and payment services, that traditionally were banking products, and made it possible for technology companies to compete with financial institutions in providing electronic, internet-based, and mobile phone–based financial solutions. Competition with 
non-banks, including technology companies, to provide financial products and services is intensifying. In particular, the activity of financial technology companies (“fintechs”) has grown significantly over recent years and is expected to continue to grow. Fintechs have and may continue to offer bank or bank-like products. For example, a number of fintechs have applied for bank or industrial loan charters, which, in some cases, have been granted. In addition, other fintechs have partnered with existing banks to allow them to offer deposit products or payment services to their customers. Many of these companies, including the Company’s competitors, have fewer regulatory constraints, and some have lower cost structures, in part due to lack of physical structures. Also, the potential need to adapt to industry changes in information technology systems, on which the Company and financial services industry are highly dependent, could present operational issues and require capital spending. The Company’s ability to 

147

compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including, among others, its ability to develop and execute strategic plans and initiatives; developing, maintaining and building long-term customer relationships based on quality service, competitive prices, high ethical standards and safe, sound assets; and industry and general economic trends. A failure to compete effectively could contribute to downward price pressure on the Company’s products or services or a loss of market share. 

The Company may need to lower prices on existing products and services and develop and introduce new products and services to maintain market share
 The Company’s success depends, in part, on its ability to adapt its products and services to evolving industry standards. There is increasing pressure to provide products and services at lower prices. Lower prices can reduce the Company’s net interest margin and revenues from its 
fee-based products and services. In addition, the adoption of new technologies or further developments in current technologies require the Company to make substantial expenditures to modify or adapt its existing products and services. Also, these and other capital investments in the Company’s businesses may not produce expected growth in earnings anticipated at the time of the expenditure. The Company might not be successful in developing or introducing new products and services, adapting to changing customer preferences and spending and saving habits (which may be altered significantly and with little warning, such as during the 
COVID-19 pandemic), achieving market acceptance of its products and services, or sufficiently developing and maintaining loyal customer relationships. 

The Company may not be able to complete future acquisitions, and completed acquisitions may not produce revenue enhancements or cost savings at levels or within timeframes originally anticipated, may result in unforeseen integration difficulties, and may dilute existing shareholders’ interests
 The Company regularly explores opportunities to acquire financial services businesses or assets and may also consider opportunities to acquire other banks or financial institutions. The Company cannot predict the number, size or timing of acquisitions it might pursue. 

The Company must generally receive federal regulatory approval before it can acquire a bank or bank holding company. The Company’s ability to pursue or complete an attractive acquisition could be negatively impacted by regulatory delay or other regulatory issues. The Company cannot be certain when or if, or on what terms and conditions, any required regulatory approvals will be granted. For example, the Company may be required to sell branches as a condition to receiving regulatory approval for bank acquisitions. If the Company commits certain regulatory violations, including those that result in a downgrade in certain of the Company’s bank regulatory ratings, governmental authorities could, as a consequence, preclude it from pursuing future acquisitions for a period of time. 

In July 2021, the United States presidential administration issued an executive order on competition, which included 

provisions relating to bank mergers. These provisions encourage the Department of Justice and the federal banking regulators to update guidelines on banking mergers and to provide more scrutiny of bank mergers. A number of large bank deals that were pending at the time of the executive order have not yet obtained approval, or obtained approval on an extended time frame. The Company is unable to predict what impact the executive order or any updated guidelines on banking mergers the Department of Justice or federal banking regulators may implement will have on the timing of or ability to obtain regulatory approvals of mergers, including its pending acquisition of MUFG Union Bank. In addition, changes in personnel at the Company’s federal banking regulators or shifts in public or Congressional sentiment regarding bank mergers could result in additional requirements on, or scrutiny of, bank mergers, any of which could make it more difficult for banking organizations to obtain merger approvals. The Company is unable to predict the nature or scope of any such changes, any of which could adversely affect its business or the approval of its pending acquisition of MUFG Union Bank. 

If the Company’s pending acquisition of MUFG Union Bank is not completed for any reason, the Company’s ongoing business may be adversely affected and, without realizing any of the benefits of having completed the merger, the Company would be subject to a number of risks. These risks include potential negative reactions from the financial markets or the Company’s customers, including negative effects on the Company’s stock price or reputation. In addition, the Company will have incurred substantial expenses relating to the merger, including legal, accounting, and other fees, whether or not the merger is completed, and the Company’s management will have devoted substantial time and resources to the merger that would otherwise have been devoted to other opportunities that may have been more beneficial for the Company. 

There can be no assurance that acquisitions the Company completes will have the anticipated positive results, including results related to expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence, and/or other projected benefits. Integration efforts could divert management’s attention and resources, which could adversely affect the Company’s operations or results. The integration could result in higher than expected customer loss, deposit attrition, loss of key employees, disruption of the Company’s businesses or the businesses of the acquired company, or otherwise adversely affect the Company’s ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees or achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. Also, the negative effect of any divestitures required by regulatory authorities in acquisitions or business combinations may be greater than expected. In addition, future acquisitions may also expose the Company to increased legal or regulatory risks. Finally, future acquisitions could be material to the Company, and it may issue additional shares of stock to pay for those acquisitions, which would dilute current shareholders’ ownership interests. 

148

Accounting and Tax Risk 

The Company’s reported financial results depend on management’s selection of accounting methods and certain assumptions and estimates, which, if incorrect, could cause unexpected losses in the future
 The Company’s accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how the Company records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. The Company’s management must exercise judgment in selecting and applying many of these accounting policies and methods, so they comply with generally accepted accounting principles and reflect management’s judgment regarding the most appropriate manner to report the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, management must select the accounting policy or method to apply from two or more alternatives, any of which might be reasonable under the circumstances, yet might result in the Company’s reporting materially different results than would have been reported under a different alternative. 

Certain accounting policies are critical to presenting the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. They require management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments about matters that are uncertain. Materially different amounts could be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions or estimates. These critical accounting policies include the allowance for credit losses, estimations of fair value, the valuation of MSRs, and income taxes. Because of the uncertainty of estimates involved in these matters, the Company may be required to do one or more of the following: significantly increase the allowance for credit losses and/or sustain credit losses that are significantly higher than the reserve provided, recognize significant losses on the remeasurement of certain asset and liability balances, or significantly increase its accrued taxes liability. For more information, refer to “Critical Accounting Policies” in this Annual Report. 

The Company’s investments in certain tax-advantaged projects may not generate returns as anticipated and may

have an adverse impact on the Company’s financial results
 The Company invests in certain 
tax-advantaged projects promoting affordable housing, community development and renewable energy resources. The Company’s investments in these projects are designed to generate a return primarily through the realization of federal and state income tax credits, and other tax benefits, over specified time periods. The Company is subject to the risk that previously recorded tax credits, which remain subject to recapture by taxing authorities based on compliance features required to be met at the project level, will fail to meet certain government compliance requirements and will not be able to be realized. The possible inability to realize these tax credit and other tax benefits can have a negative impact on the Company’s financial results. The risk of not being able to realize the tax credits and other tax benefits depends on many factors outside of the Company’s control, including changes in the applicable tax code and the ability of the projects to be completed. 

General Risk Factors 

The Company’s framework for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating risk and loss to the Company 
The Company’s risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss. The Company has established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report, and analyze the types of risk to which it is subject, including liquidity risk, credit risk, market risk, interest rate risk, compliance risk, strategic risk, reputation risk, and operational risk related to its employees, systems and vendors, among others. However, as with any risk management framework, there are inherent limitations to the Company’s risk management strategies as there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that it has not appropriately anticipated or identified. In addition, the Company relies on quantitative models to measure certain risks and to estimate certain financial values, and these models could fail to predict future events or exposures accurately. The Company must also develop and maintain a culture of risk management among its employees, as well as manage risks associated with third parties, and could fail to do so effectively. If the Company’s risk management framework proves ineffective, the Company could incur litigation and negative regulatory consequences, and suffer unexpected losses that could affect its financial condition or results of operations. 

The Company’s business could suffer if it fails to attract and retain skilled employees
 The Company’s success depends, in large part, on its ability to attract and retain key employees. Competition for the best people in most activities the Company engages in can be intense. 

COVID-19 has had significant effects on labor and employment, including heightened pressures on employers to increase compensation and provide work-from-home and other flexible working arrangements. During the 
COVID-19 pandemic, employees have shifted their focus to expectations that extend beyond compensation, including better work-life balance, improved advancement opportunities and improved training, and many businesses, including the Company, have experienced higher rates of turnover as a result of such changes. The Company’s ability to compete successfully for talent has been and may continue to be affected by its ability to adapt quickly to such shifts in employee focus, and there is no assurance that these developments will not cause increased turnover or impede the Company’s ability to retain and attract the highest caliber employees. 

A downgrade in the Company’s credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on its liquidity, funding costs and access to capital markets
 The Company’s credit ratings, which are subject credit agencies’ ongoing review of a number of factors, including factors not within the Company’s control, are important to the Company’s liquidity. A reduction in one or more of the Company’s credit ratings could adversely affect its liquidity, increase its funding costs or limit its access to the capital markets. Further, a downgrade could decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing or able, contractually or 

149

otherwise, to do business with or lend to the Company, thereby adversely affecting the Company’s competitive position. There can be no assurance that the Company will maintain its current ratings and outlooks. 

Changes in accounting standards could materially impact the Company’s financial statements
 From time to time, the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the United States Securities and Exchange Commission change the financial 

accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the Company’s financial statements. These changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how the Company records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. The Company could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively or apply an existing standard differently, on a retroactive basis, in each case potentially resulting in the Company restating prior period financial statements.