Set forth below is a description of certain risk factors which
the Company believes may be relevant to an understanding of the
Company and its businesses. Stockholders are cautioned that
these and other factors may affect future performance and cause
actual results to differ from those which may, from time to
time, be anticipated. See “Cautionary Statement Regarding
Forward-Looking Information” on page 32.

 • 

 Company product sales are subject to economic conditions
 and other factors beyond the Company’s control.

The Company’s future results will be affected by the growth
in the smokeless tobacco and wine marketplaces and the demand
for the Company’s smokeless tobacco and wine products.
Factors affecting demand for the Company’s products
include, among other things, economic conditions and actions by
competitors, as well as the cost of the products to consumers
which, in turn, is affected, in part, by the Company’s
costs in manufacturing such products and the excise taxes
payable. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the
Company which makes results of operations difficult to predict.

 7

 • 

 The tobacco industry is subject to governmental regulation
 and other restrictions. In particular, restrictions on tobacco
 marketing and advertising limit the options available to the
 Company to market smokeless tobacco products.

Advertising, promotion and brand building continue to play a key
role in the Company’s business, with significant
expenditure on programs to support key brands and to develop new
products. As described above, in 1986, federal legislation was
enacted regulating smokeless tobacco products by, among other
things, requiring health warning notices on smokeless tobacco
packages and advertising and prohibiting the advertising of
smokeless tobacco products on any medium of electronic
communications subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal
Communications Commission. Since 1986, other proposals have been
made at both the federal and state level for additional
regulation of smokeless tobacco products. These proposals have
included, among other things, increased regulation of the
manufacturing and marketing of tobacco products by federal and
state agencies (including, without limitation, the
U.S. Food and Drug Administration), the requirement of
additional warning notices, a ban or further restriction on
advertising and promotion, ingredients and constituent
disclosure requirements, restrictions on the use of flavorings,
sampling bans or restrictions, increasing the minimum purchase
age and the disallowance of advertising and promotion expenses
as deductions under federal tax law. The regulatory environment
in which the Company operates can also be affected by general
social and political factors.

Proposals for comprehensive federal regulation of tobacco
products will continue to be considered. To date, the Company
has opposed such proposals because they fail to completely
recognize the distinct differences between smokeless tobacco and
cigarettes. However, the Company would consider supporting such
regulation if the proposed regulatory regime included the
following components:

1. 

 a meaningful regulatory process whereby the agency could
 certify, based upon submissions by a manufacturer, that the use
 of smokeless tobacco involves significantly less adverse health
 effects than cigarette smoking;

2. 

 a meaningful regulatory process whereby the agency could
 approve, based upon the submission of a manufacturer,
 comparative risk communications to current adult users of
 tobacco products, e.g., cigarette smokers who do not quit and do
 not use medicinal nicotine products should switch completely to
 smokeless tobacco products; and

3. 

 a meaningful regulatory process whereby the severity of any
 provisions regarding regulation of ingredients, constituents,
 advertising, promotion and availability could be reduced for
 products that were classified on a continuum as involving less
 risk (e.g., less restrictive regulations for products classified
 as significantly reduced risk, such as smokeless tobacco).

In addition to increased regulatory restrictions, the Company is
subject to various marketing and advertising restrictions under
the Smokeless Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement (the
“STMSA”), which the Company entered into in 1998 with
the attorneys general of various states and
U.S. territories to resolve the remaining health care cost
reimbursement cases initiated by various attorneys general. The
Company is the only smokeless tobacco manufacturer to sign the
STMSA. See “Item 1 — Business —
Smokeless Tobacco Products — Principal Products.”
The Company also receives from time to time inquiries from
various attorneys general relating to the STMSA and other state
regulations in connection with various aspects of the
Company’s business. The Company is presently addressing
inquiries related to the sale of its flavored smokeless tobacco
products.

Present regulations and any further regulations, depending on
the nature of the regulations and their applicability to the
Company and its future plans, could have an adverse effect on
the Company’s ability to advertise, promote and build its
brands and/or to promote and introduce new brands and products
and, as such, have an adverse effect on its results of
operations.

 • 

 The excise taxes on smokeless tobacco products could
 affect consumer preferences and have an adverse effect on the
 sale of the Company’s products.

Smokeless tobacco products are subject to significant federal
and state excise taxes, which may continue to increase over
time. Any increase in the level of federal excise taxes or the
enactment of new or increased state or local excise taxes would
have the effect of increasing the cost of smokeless tobacco
products to consumers

 8

and, as such, could affect the demand for, and consumption
levels of, smokeless tobacco products in general and premium
brands in particular. Furthermore, the current ad valorem
method of taxation, which is utilized by most states, bases
the amount of taxes payable on a fixed percentage of the
wholesale price, as opposed to some states which tax premium and
price value brands equitably based on weight. Therefore, the

ad valorem method of taxation has the effect of
increasing the taxes payable on premium brands to a greater
degree than the taxes payable on price-value brands, which
further exacerbates the price gap between premium and
price-value brands. To the extent that any such actions
adversely affect the sale of the Company’s products, such
actions could have an adverse effect on the Company’s
results of operations and cash flows.

 • 

 The smokeless tobacco category is highly competitive and
 the Company’s volumes and profitability may be adversely
 affected by continued consumer down-trading from premium brands
 to price-value brands or by potential new entrants into the
 marketplace.

The Company faces significant competition in the smokeless
tobacco category. The Company’s premium units sold has
declined in recent years and remains susceptible to further
decline. The Company recognizes the need to continue to grow the
smokeless category and to promote brand loyalty to ensure
continued growth in its results of operations.

In light of this, the Company has been implementing plans to
focus on the growth of the smokeless tobacco category by
building awareness and social acceptability of smokeless tobacco
products among adults and by promoting the convenience of
smokeless tobacco relative to cigarettes to attract new adult
consumers to the category. The Company has also been
implementing plans to stabilize premium-priced brand sales
volume through product innovation such as the introduction of
new products, building and strengthening premium brand loyalty
for premium brand consumers through various promotional programs
and price-focused initiatives to provide improved value in price
sensitive areas of the United States. However, while the Company
believes that it is pursuing the right course of action, the
Company cannot guarantee the success of these action plans. If
the Company’s new business strategy is not successful,
total premium units may continue to decline and its results of
operations could be adversely affected.

Additionally, there is always the possibility, especially if
smokers continue to switch from cigarettes to smokeless tobacco
products, that other major tobacco companies with substantial
resources may test or enter the smokeless tobacco marketplace
and introduce new products that are designed to compete directly
with the Company’s products. While there is the possibility
that such an action will have the effect of expanding the
smokeless tobacco category, which could be beneficial to the
Company, it is also possible that such action could be
detrimental since it may require the Company to expend
significant resources to maintain its premium unit volume. The
Company cannot, at this time, predict with any certainty what
effect, if any, such action would have on the Company and its
results of operations.

 • 

 The Company has ongoing payment obligations under the Fair
 and Equitable Tobacco Reform Act, the STMSA and other state
 settlement agreements.

In 2005, the Company incurred expenses of approximately
$4.2 million, $14.8 million and $7.3 million,
respectively, under the Fair and Equitable Tobacco Reform Act of
2004 (the “FETRA”), the STMSA and other state
settlement agreements. The Company presently expects to continue
to incur expenses under FETRA, the STMSA and other related
settlement agreements. Based on information presently available
to the Company, the Company does not anticipate that any
increases in such expenses to be incurred in the future will
have a material adverse effect on the Company. However, the
amounts payable in the future cannot be predicted with certainty
and may increase based upon, among other things, the relative
share of the overall tobacco market held by smokeless tobacco
and the Company’s share of the moist smokeless tobacco
marketplace. It is also possible that the amounts payable under
FETRA may be offset, in part, through reductions in the cost of
tobacco, which may result from the competitive setting of prices
expected to occur as a result of FETRA.

 • 

 Fluctuations in the price and availability of tobacco leaf
 could adversely affect the Company’s results of
 operations.

Tobacco is the most important raw material in the manufacture of
the Company’s smokeless tobacco products. The Company is
not directly involved in the cultivation of tobacco leaf and is
dependent on third parties to produce tobacco and other raw
materials that it requires to manufacture its smokeless tobacco
products. As with other agricultural commodities, the price of
tobacco leaf tends to depend upon variations in weather

 9

conditions, growing conditions, local planting decisions,
overall market demands or other factors. The Company’s
inability to purchase tobacco leaf of the desired quality from
U.S. suppliers on commercially reasonable terms, or an
interruption in the supply of these materials, in the absence of
readily available alternative sources, could have a negative
impact on the Company’s business and its results of
operations.

 • 

 Fire, violent weather conditions and other disasters may
 adversely affect the Company’s operations.

A major fire, violent weather conditions or other disasters that
affect the Company’s manufacturing facilities could have a
material adverse effect on the Company’s operations.
Although the Company believes it has adequate amounts of
available insurance coverage and sound contingency plans for
these events, a prolonged interruption in the Company’s
manufacturing operations could have a material adverse effect on
its ability to effectively operate its business.

 • 

 The Company’s continuing ability to hire and retain
 qualified employees is important to the future success of the
 Company.

The environment in which the Company operates, as a smokeless
tobacco company, presents challenges not faced by other consumer
products companies. Accordingly, the continuing ability to hire
and retain qualified employees who are capable of working in
this challenging environment is critical to the Company’s
success.

 • 

 The Company is subject, from time to time, to smokeless
 tobacco and health litigation, which, if adversely determined,
 could subject the Company to substantial charges and
 liabilities.

The Company is currently subject to various legal actions,
proceedings and claims arising out of the sale, use,
distribution, manufacture, development, advertising, marketing
and claimed health effects of its smokeless tobacco products.
See “Item 3 — Legal Proceedings”. The
Company believes, and has been so advised by counsel handling
the respective cases, that it has a number of meritorious
defenses to all such pending litigation. Except as to the
Company’s willingness to consider alternative solutions for
resolving certain litigation issues, all such cases are, and
will continue to be, vigorously defended. The Company believes
that the ultimate outcome of such pending litigation will not
have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial
results or its consolidated financial position. However, if
plaintiffs in these actions were to prevail, the effect of any
judgment or settlement could have a material adverse impact on
the Company’s consolidated financial results in the
particular reporting period in which any such litigation is
resolved and, depending on the size of any such judgment or
settlement, a material adverse effect on the Company’s
consolidated financial position. In addition, similar litigation
and claims relating to the Company’s smokeless tobacco
products may continue to be filed against the Company in the
future. An increase in the number of pending claims, in addition
to the risks posed as to outcome, could increase the
Company’s costs of litigating and administering product
liability claims.

 • 

 The Company could be subject to additional charges and
 liabilities as it seeks to resolve the remaining antitrust
 related lawsuits.

In March of 2000, in an action (“Conwood Litigation”)
brought by one of the Company’s competitors, Conwood
Company L.P., alleging violations of the antitrust laws, a
significant verdict was rendered against the Company. See
“Item 3 — Legal Proceedings”. Following
the commencement of this lawsuit, actions were also brought on
behalf of direct and indirect purchasers of the Company’s
products. While the Company has paid the verdict and settled the
actions brought on behalf of direct purchasers and many of the
actions brought on behalf of indirect purchasers, a number of
actions on behalf of indirect purchasers brought in a limited
number of states are still ongoing. The Company intends to
continue to pursue settlement of the remaining indirect
purchaser actions on terms substantially similar to the
settlements previously entered into by the Company in connection
with other indirect purchaser actions. As discussed in
“Item 3 — Legal Proceedings,” the
Company believes that the ultimate outcome of these actions will
not have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial
results or its consolidated financial position. However, if
plaintiffs were to prevail, beyond the amounts previously
accrued, the effect of any judgment or settlement could have a
material adverse impact on the Company’s consolidated
financial results in the particular reporting period in which
such action is resolved and, depending on the size of any such
judgment or settlement, a material adverse effect on the
Company’s consolidated financial position.

 10

 • 

 The Company’s wine business is subject to significant
 competition, including from many large, well-established
 national and international organizations.

While the Company believes that it is well positioned to compete
based on the quality of its wines and the dedication of its
workforce, its overall success may be subject to the actions of
competitors in the wine category. Many of these competitors are
large, well-established national and international companies
with significant resources to support distribution and retail
sales. In addition, sales of the Company’s wines can be
affected by the quality and quantity of imports.

 • 

 The Company’s wine business may be adversely affected
 by its ability to grow and/or acquire enough high quality grapes
 for its wines, which could result in a supply shortage.
 Conversely, the Company’s wine business may also be
 adversely impacted by grape and bulk wine oversupply.

The adequacy of the Company’s grape supply is influenced by
consumer demand for wine in relation to industry-wide production
levels. While the Company believes that it can grow and/or
otherwise secure from independent growers sufficient regular
supplies of high quality grapes, it cannot be certain that grape
supply shortages will not occur. A shortage in the supply of
wine grapes of appropriate quality could lead to an increase in
the Company’s wine production costs. An increase in
production cost could lead to an increase in the Company’s
wine prices, which may ultimately have a negative impact on its
sales.

In cases of significant grape and bulk wine oversupply in the
marketplace, the Company’s ability to increase or even
sustain existing sales prices may be limited.