Set forth below is a description of certain risk factors which
 the Company believes may be relevant to an understanding of the
 Company and its businesses. Stockholders are cautioned that
 these and other factors may affect future performance and cause
 actual results to differ from those which may, from time to
 time, be anticipated. See “Cautionary Statement Regarding
 Forward-Looking Information” included in Part II,
 Item 7 of this
 Form 10-K.

 • 

 The Company’s product sales and results of operations
 are subject to economic conditions and other factors beyond the
 Company’s control.

 The Company’s future results will be affected by the growth
 in the smokeless tobacco and wine marketplaces and the demand
 for the Company’s smokeless tobacco and wine products.
 Factors affecting demand for the Company’s products
 include, among other things, general economic conditions and
 actions by competitors, as well as the cost of the products to
 consumers which, in turn, is affected, in part, by the
 Company’s costs in manufacturing such products and the
 excise taxes payable. Sales volumes of the Company’s
 smokeless tobacco products, particularly premium products, may
 be impacted by fluctuations in gasoline prices, which have a
 direct impact on adult consumer disposable income. The impact of
 fluctuations in gasoline prices on smokeless tobacco product
 sales volume is relevant due to the fact that a significant
 amount of the Company’s products are sold at locations
 which also sell gasoline. The Company’s quarterly results
 may also be affected by wholesaler order patterns. Many of these
 factors are beyond the control of the Company which makes
 results of operations difficult to predict.

 • 

 Anticipated cost savings related to Project Momentum may
 not be achieved.

 The Company’s ability to achieve its results of operations
 target is tied in part to successful implementation of its cost
 reduction initiative, called Project Momentum, which is designed
 to create additional resources for growth via operational,
 productivity and efficiency enhancements. Project Momentum,
 which commenced during the third quarter of 2006, is expected to
 ultimately result in targeted annual cost savings of at least

 9

Table of Contents

 $150 million within its first three years. While the
 Company believes these cost reductions will be achieved, the
 Company cannot guarantee the success of the initiative. If
 Project Momentum is not successful, the Company’s results
 of operations could be adversely affected.

 • 

 Fire, violent weather conditions and other disasters may
 adversely affect the Company’s operations.

 A major fire, violent weather conditions or other disasters that
 affect the Company’s manufacturing facilities, or its
 suppliers or vendors, could have a material adverse effect on
 the Company’s operations. Although the Company believes it
 has adequate amounts of available insurance coverage and sound
 contingency plans for these events, a prolonged interruption in
 the Company’s manufacturing operations could have a
 material adverse effect on its ability to effectively operate
 its business.

 • 

 Company product sales are subject to customer
 concentration risk.

 Over the past three years, sales to one wholesale customer in
 the Smokeless Tobacco segment have averaged approximately
 17 percent of annual Smokeless Tobacco segment sales, while
 sales to two distributors in the Wine segment have averaged
 48 percent of annual Wine segment sales. No other customer
 accounted for 10 percent or more of Smokeless Tobacco
 segment or Wine segment sales over the three-year period. The
 loss of any of these customers, or a significant decline in
 sales orders from any of these customers, could have an adverse
 affect on the Company’s results of operations or financial
 condition.

 • 

 Ingredient or product adulteration could harm the
 integrity and quality of the Company’s products, which
 could negatively impact consumer perception of the
 Company’s brands and have an adverse effect on the sale of
 the Company’s products.

 The success of the Company’s brands is dependent upon the
 quality of those brands and the positive perception that
 consumers have of such brands. Adulteration, whether arising
 accidentally or through deliberate third-party action, could
 harm the quality of the Company’s products and may result
 in reduced sales of the affected products, or have an adverse
 ancillary effect on the Company’s other products, which
 could have an adverse affect on the Company’s results of
 operations or financial condition.

 • 

 The Company may not realize the anticipated benefits from
 acquisitions.

 From time to time, the Company may make acquisitions of other
 entities. Depending on the nature of the acquired business,
 integration of such entities into existing operations may
 present difficulties. As a result, it is possible that the
 Company may not realize any or all of the expected benefits from
 acquisitions, such as anticipated synergies, cost savings or
 increases in net earnings, in a timely manner. In addition, the
 Company may incur significant costs and management’s time
 and attention may be diverted from existing businesses in
 connection with the integration of acquired entities. Failure to
 effectively integrate future acquisitions could have an adverse
 effect on the Company’s results of operations.

 • 

 The smokeless tobacco category is highly competitive and
 the Company’s volumes and profitability may be adversely
 affected by consumer down-trading from premium brands to
 price-value brands or by new entrants into the
 marketplace.

 The Company faces significant competition in the smokeless
 tobacco category, both from existing category competitors and
 new entrants, which may negatively impact premium can volume
 trends and put pressure on its gross margins. The Company’s
 premium can volume trends have improved, with a shift from
 declining premium net can volume to growth; however,
 down-trading to price-value products still exists. The Company
 recognizes the need for continued premium net can volume growth
 and is therefore focused on strengthening brand loyalty,
 developing innovative products and expanding the overall
 smokeless tobacco category to ensure continued growth in its
 results of operations.

  10

Table of Contents

 The Company has been implementing plans which focus on the
 growth of the smokeless tobacco category by building awareness
 and social acceptability of smokeless tobacco products among
 adults and by promoting the convenience of smokeless tobacco
 relative to cigarettes to attract new adult consumers to the
 category.

 In light of the growth of price-value products, the Company
 continues to execute plans to increase sales of its premium
 brands by building and strengthening premium brand loyalty
 through various promotional programs. These include the
 introductions of new, differentiated premium products, as well
 as price-focused initiatives to provide improved value in price
 sensitive areas of the United States. However, while the Company
 believes that it is pursuing the right course of action, the
 Company cannot guarantee the success of these action plans. If
 the Company’s strategy is not successful, total premium can
 volume may decline and results of operations could be adversely
 affected.

 In 2006, a major cigarette company entered the smokeless tobacco
 category through its acquisition of one of the Company’s
 competitors. In addition, certain cigarette companies have begun
 test marketing smokeless tobacco products and have indicated the
 intent to continue to expand this activity. While there is the
 possibility that such actions may have the effect of expanding
 the smokeless tobacco category, which could be beneficial to the
 Company, it is also possible that such actions could be
 detrimental since it may require the Company to expend
 significant resources to maintain its premium can volume
 performance. The Company cannot, at this time, predict with any
 certainty what effect, if any, such actions may have on the
 Company and its results of operations.

 • 

 Fluctuations in the price and availability of tobacco leaf
 could adversely affect the Company’s results of
 operations.

 Tobacco is the most important raw material in the manufacture of
 the Company’s smokeless tobacco products. The Company is
 not directly involved in the cultivation of tobacco leaf and is
 dependent on third parties to produce tobacco and other raw
 materials that it requires to manufacture its smokeless tobacco
 products. As with other agricultural commodities, the price of
 tobacco leaf tends to depend upon variations in weather
 conditions, growing conditions, local planting decisions,
 overall market demands or other factors. The Company’s
 inability to purchase tobacco leaf of the desired quality from
 United States suppliers on commercially reasonable terms, or an
 interruption in the supply of these materials, in the absence of
 readily available alternative sources, could have a negative
 impact on the Company’s business and its results of
 operations.

 • 

 The Company’s continuing ability to hire and retain
 qualified employees is important to the future success of the
 Company.

 The environment in which the Company operates, as a smokeless
 tobacco company, presents challenges not faced by many other
 consumer products companies. Accordingly, the continuing ability
 to hire and retain qualified employees who are capable of
 working in this challenging environment is critical to the
 Company’s success.

 • 

 The tobacco industry is subject to governmental regulation
 and other restrictions. In particular, restrictions on tobacco
 marketing and advertising limit the options available to the
 Company to market smokeless tobacco products.

 Advertising, promotion and brand building continue to play a key
 role in the Company’s business, with significant
 expenditure on programs to support key brands and to develop new
 products. As described above, in 1986, federal legislation was
 enacted regulating smokeless tobacco products by, among other
 things, requiring health warning notices on smokeless tobacco
 packages and advertising and prohibiting the advertising of
 smokeless tobacco products on any medium of electronic
 communications subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal
 Communications Commission. Since 1986, other proposals have been
 made at both the federal and state level for additional
 regulation of smokeless tobacco products. These proposals have
 included, among other things, increased regulation of the
 manufacturing and marketing of tobacco products by federal and
 state agencies (including, without limitation, the FDA), the
 requirement of additional

 11

Table of Contents

 warning notices, a ban or further
 restriction on advertising and promotion, ingredients and
 constituent disclosure requirements, restrictions on the use of
 flavorings, adult sampling bans or restrictions, tax stamping,
 increasing the minimum purchase age and the disallowance of
 advertising and promotion expenses as deductions under federal
 tax law. The regulatory environment in which the Company
 operates can also be affected by general social and political
 factors.

 Proposals for comprehensive federal regulation of tobacco
 products will continue to be considered. The Company will
 support federal regulation that takes into account the distinct
 differences between smokeless tobacco and cigarettes; allows
 companies to responsibly manufacture, market and sell
 high-quality, American-made smokeless tobacco products to
 tobacco-interested adults and does not stifle competition; and
 allows tobacco-interested adults to obtain accurate and relevant
 information regarding all tobacco products.

 In addition to increased regulatory restrictions, the Company is
 subject to various marketing and advertising restrictions under
 the STMSA, which the Company entered into in 1998 with the
 attorneys general of various states and U.S. territories to
 resolve the remaining health care cost reimbursement cases
 initiated by various attorneys general. The Company is the only
 smokeless tobacco manufacturer to sign the STMSA. The Company
 also receives from time to time inquiries from various attorneys
 general relating to the STMSA and other state regulations in
 connection with various aspects of the Company’s business.

 Present regulations and any further regulations, depending on
 the nature of the regulations and their applicability to the
 Company and its future plans, could have an adverse effect on
 the Company’s ability to advertise, promote and build its
 brands
 and/or to
 promote and introduce new brands and products and, as such,
 could have an adverse effect on its results of operations.

 • 

 The excise taxes on smokeless tobacco products could
 affect consumer preferences and have an adverse effect on the
 sale of the Company’s products.

 Smokeless tobacco products are subject to significant federal
 and state excise taxes, which may continue to increase over
 time. Any increase in the level of federal excise taxes or the
 enactment of new or increased state or local excise taxes would
 have the effect of increasing the cost of smokeless tobacco
 products to consumers and, as such, could affect the demand for,
 and consumption levels of, smokeless tobacco products in general
 and premium brands in particular. Furthermore, the current ad
 valorem method of taxation, which is utilized by most
 states, bases the amount of taxes payable on a fixed percentage
 of the wholesale price, as opposed to the method used in some
 other states which tax both premium and

price-value
 brands based on weight. Therefore, the 
ad valorem method
 of taxation has the inequitable effect of increasing the taxes
 payable on premium brands to a greater degree than those payable
 on price-value brands, which further exacerbates the price gap
 between premium and price-value brands. To the extent that any
 such actions adversely affect the sale of the Company’s
 products, such actions could have an adverse effect on the
 Company’s results of operations and cash flows.

 • 

 The Company has ongoing payment obligations under the
 Tobacco Reform Act and other state settlement agreements.

 In 2007, the Company incurred expenses of approximately
 $3.6 million, $18.4 million and $4.7 million
 under the Tobacco Reform Act, the STMSA and other state
 settlement agreements, respectively. The Company presently
 expects to continue to incur expenses under the Tobacco Reform
 Act and other state settlement agreements. Based on information
 presently available to the Company, the Company does not
 anticipate that any increases in such expenses to be incurred in
 the future will have a material adverse effect on the Company.
 However, the amounts payable in the future cannot be predicted
 with certainty and may increase based upon, among other things,
 the relative share of the overall tobacco market held by
 smokeless tobacco and the Company’s share of the moist
 smokeless tobacco marketplace. It is also possible that the
 amounts payable under the Tobacco Reform Act will be offset, in
 part, through reductions in the cost of tobacco, which result
 from the competitive setting of prices expected to occur as a
 result of the Tobacco Reform Act.

  12

Table of Contents

 •  The Company is subject, from time to
 time, to smokeless tobacco and health litigation, which, if
 adversely determined, could subject the Company to substantial
 charges and liabilities.

 The Company is currently subject to various legal actions,
 proceedings and claims arising out of the sale, use,
 distribution, manufacture, development, advertising, marketing
 and claimed health effects of its smokeless tobacco products.
 See “Item 3 – Legal Proceedings.” The
 Company believes, and has been so advised by counsel handling
 the respective cases, that it has a number of meritorious
 defenses to all such pending litigation. Except as to the
 Company’s willingness to consider alternative solutions for
 resolving certain litigation issues, all such cases are, and
 will continue to be, vigorously defended. The Company believes
 that the ultimate outcome of such pending litigation will not
 have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial
 results or its consolidated financial position. However, if
 plaintiffs in these actions were to prevail, the effect of any
 judgment or settlement could have a material adverse impact on
 the Company’s consolidated financial results in the
 particular reporting period in which any such litigation is
 resolved and, depending on the size of any such judgment or
 settlement, a material adverse effect on the Company’s
 consolidated financial position. In addition, similar litigation
 and claims relating to the Company’s smokeless tobacco
 products may continue to be filed against the Company in the
 future. An increase in the number of pending claims, in addition
 to the risks posed as to outcome, could increase the
 Company’s costs of litigating and administering product
 liability claims.

 •  The Company could be subject to
 additional charges and liabilities as it seeks to resolve the
 remaining antitrust related lawsuits.

 In March 2000, in an action brought by one of the Company’s
 competitors, Conwood Company L.P. (“Conwood
 Litigation”), alleging violations of the antitrust laws, a
 significant verdict was rendered against the Company. Following
 the commencement of this lawsuit, actions were also brought on
 behalf of direct and indirect purchasers of the Company’s
 products. The Company has paid the verdict and settled the
 actions brought on behalf of direct purchasers and almost all of
 the actions brought on behalf of indirect purchasers, with the
 exception of a purported class action in the State of
 Pennsylvania, for which the Company believes there is
 insufficient basis for such a claim. See
 “Item 3 – Legal Proceedings.” Further,
 the Company has been served in a purported class action
 attempting to challenge certain aspects of a settlement
 agreement reached with indirect purchasers in multiple states
 and seeking additional amounts purportedly consistent with
 subsequent settlements of similar actions, estimated by
 plaintiffs to be between $8.9 million and
 $214.2 million, as well as punitive damages and
 attorneys’ fees. The Company believes that the ultimate
 outcome of these actions will not have a material adverse effect
 on its consolidated financial results or its consolidated
 financial position. However, if plaintiffs were to prevail,
 beyond the amounts previously accrued, the effect of any
 judgment or settlement could have a material adverse impact on
 the Company’s consolidated financial results in the
 particular reporting period in which such action is resolved
 and, depending on the size of any such judgment or settlement, a
 material adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated
 financial position.

 • 

 The Company’s wine business is subject to significant
 competition, including from many large, well-established
 national and international organizations.

 While the Company believes that it is well positioned to compete
 based on the quality of its wines and the dedication of its
 workforce, its overall success may be subject to the actions of
 competitors in the wine category. Many of these competitors are
 large, well-established national and international companies
 with significant resources to support distribution and retail
 sales. In addition, sales of the Company’s wines can be
 affected by the quality and quantity of imports.

 • 

 The Company’s wine business may be adversely affected
 by its ability to grow
 and/or
 acquire enough high quality grapes for its wines, which could
 result in a supply shortage. Conversely, the Company’s wine
 business may also be adversely impacted by grape and bulk wine
 oversupply.

 13

Table of Contents

 The adequacy of the Company’s grape supply is influenced by
 consumer demand for wine in relation to industry-wide production
 levels. While the Company believes that it can grow
 and/or
 otherwise secure, through contracts with independent growers,
 sufficient regular supplies of high quality grapes, it cannot be
 certain that grape supply shortages will not occur. As grapes
 grown in the State of Washington account for approximately
 92 percent of the Company’s harvested and contracted
 grapes, if eastern Washington state experiences adverse weather
 conditions, widespread vine disease or other crop damage, fruit
 availability may be compromised, quality may be negatively
 impacted and production costs may increase. An increase in
 production cost could lead to an increase in the Company’s
 wine prices, which may ultimately have a negative impact on its
 sales.

 In cases of significant grape and bulk wine oversupply in the
 marketplace, the Company’s ability to increase or even
 sustain existing sales prices may be limited.

 • 

 The Company’s wine business may be negatively
 impacted by an increase in excise taxes or governmental
 regulations related to alcohol beverages.

 Significant increases in excise or other taxes on alcohol
 beverages could adversely affect sales of the Company’s
 wine products. Federal, state and local governmental agencies
 regulate the alcohol beverage industry through various means,
 including licensing requirements, pricing, labeling and
 advertising restrictions, and distribution and production
 policies. New regulations, or revisions to existing regulations,
 resulting in further restrictions or taxes on the manufacture
 and sale of alcohol beverages may have an adverse affect on the
 Company’s wine business.