Our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows can be impacted by the factors set forth below, any one of which could cause our
actual results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results. 

Our Global Growth Is Subject to a Number of
Economic Risks 

In 2011, the global economy improved as compared to 2010 and continued to show signs of a gradual recovery from
the significant downturn of 2008 and 2009 when the global economy experienced widespread recessionary conditions, record levels of unemployment, significant distress of financial institutions, extreme volatility in security prices, severely
diminished liquidity and credit availability, rating downgrades of certain investments and declining valuations of others. However, despite positive economic indicators seen in the beginning of 2011, uncertainty continues to exist as to the overall
rate and stability of the recovery. Global gross domestic product growth continues to be led by emerging markets, particularly in Brazil, Russia, India and China, while in the developed economies, particularly in Europe, the recovery remains
uncertain due to persistent high unemployment in the U.S. and Europe, a weak U.S. and European housing market, government budget reduction plans the unwinding of fiscal stimuli and concerns over the deepening European sovereign debt crisis. As a
result, further disruptions in Europe or in other economies could affect our sales or liquidity. 

11 

Table of Contents

Although consumer confidence in the U.S. has improved since the economic downturn, it still remains
low, while, as mentioned above, unemployment remains high and the housing market remains depressed. There can be no assurance that any of the recent economic improvements will be broad-based and sustainable, or that they will enhance conditions in
markets relevant to us. Further, there can be no assurance that we will not experience further adverse effects that may be material to our cash flows, competitive position, financial condition, results of operations, or our ability to access
capital. While these economic developments have not impaired our ability to access credit markets and finance our operations to date, there can be no assurance that there will not be a further deterioration in financial markets and confidence in
major economies. These economic developments affect businesses such as ours in a number of ways. The tightening of credit in financial markets adversely affects the ability of our customers and suppliers to obtain financing for significant purchases
and operations and could result in a decrease in or cancellation of orders for our products and services as well as impact the ability of our customers to make payments. Similarly, this tightening of credit may adversely affect our supplier base and
increase the potential for one or more of our suppliers to experience financial distress or bankruptcy. Our global business is also adversely affected by decreases in the general level of economic activity, such as decreases in business and consumer
spending, air travel, construction activity, the financial strength of airlines and business jet operators, and government procurement. Strengthening of the rate of exchange for the U.S. Dollar against certain major currencies such as the Euro,
the Canadian Dollar and other currencies also adversely affects our results, as the majority of our sales are non-U.S. based. 

Our Financial
Performance Is Dependent on the Conditions of the Construction and Aerospace Industries 

The results of our commercial and
industrial businesses, which generated approximately 58 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2011, are influenced by a number of external factors including fluctuations in residential and commercial construction activity, regulatory changes,
interest rates, labor costs, foreign currency exchange rates, customer attrition, raw material and energy costs, the tightening of global credit markets and other global and political factors. For example, a slowdown in building and remodeling
activity can adversely affect Carrier’s business. In addition to these factors, Carrier’s financial performance can also be influenced by production and utilization of transport equipment and, particularly in its residential business,
weather conditions. 

The results of our commercial and military aerospace businesses, which generated approximately 42 percent of our
consolidated net sales in 2011, are directly tied to the economic conditions in the commercial aviation and defense industries, which are cyclical in nature. Although the operating environment currently faced by commercial airlines has shown signs
of gradual improvement in 2011, uncertainty continues to exist. As a result, financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, of one or more of the major commercial airlines could result in significant cancellations of orders, reductions in our
aerospace sales and losses under existing contracts. In addition, capital spending and demand for aircraft engines, aerospace products and component aftermarket parts and service by commercial airlines, aircraft operators and aircraft manufacturers
are influenced by a wide variety of factors, including current and predicted traffic levels, load factors, aircraft fuel pricing, labor issues, worldwide airline profits, airline consolidation, competition, the retirement of older aircraft,
regulatory changes, terrorism and related safety concerns, general economic conditions, corporate profitability, and backlog levels, all of which could reduce the demand for air travel and the aftermarket sales and margins of our aerospace
businesses. Future terrorist actions, pandemic health issues or major natural disasters could dramatically reduce both the demand for air travel and our aerospace businesses aftermarket sales and margins. Also, since a substantial portion of the
backlog for commercial aerospace customers is scheduled for delivery beyond 2012, changes in economic conditions may cause customers to request that firm orders be rescheduled or canceled. At times, our aerospace businesses also enter into firm
fixed-price development contracts, which may require us to bear cost overruns related to unforeseen technical and design challenges that arise during the development stage of the program. In addition, our aerospace businesses face intense
competition from domestic and foreign manufacturers of new equipment and spare parts. The defense industry is also affected by a changing global political environment, continued pressure on U.S. and global defense spending and U.S. foreign policy
and the level of activity in military flight operations. Spare parts sales and aftermarket service trends are affected by similar factors, including usage, pricing, technological improvements, regulatory changes and the retirement of older aircraft.
Furthermore, because of the lengthy research and development cycle involved in bringing products in these business segments to market, we cannot predict the economic conditions that will exist when any new product is complete. A reduction in capital
spending in the commercial aviation or defense industries could have a significant effect on the demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial
condition. 

Our Business May Be Affected by Government Contracting Risks 

U.S. government contracts are subject to termination by the government, either for the convenience of the government or for default as a result of
our failure to perform under the applicable contract. If terminated by the government as a result of our default, we could be liable for additional costs the government incurs in acquiring undelivered goods or services from another source and any
other damages it suffers. We are now, and believe that in light of the current U.S. government contracting environment we will continue to be, the subject of one or more U.S. government investigations relating to certain of our U.S. government
contracts. If we or one of our business units were charged with wrongdoing as a result of any U.S. government investigation (including violation of certain environmental or export laws), the U.S. government could suspend us from bidding on or
receiving awards of new U.S. government contracts pending the completion of legal proceedings. If convicted or found liable, the U.S. government could subject us to fines, penalties, repayments and treble and other damages, and bar us from bidding
on or receiving new awards of U.S. government contracts. The U.S. government could void any contracts found to be tainted by fraud. The U.S. government also reserves the right to debar a contractor from receiving new government contracts for
fraudulent, criminal or other seriously improper conduct. Debarment 

12 

Table of Contents

generally does not exceed three years. Independently, failure to comply with U.S. laws and regulations related to the export of goods and technology outside the United States could result in
civil or criminal penalties and suspension or termination of our export privileges. In addition, we are also sensitive to U.S. military budgets, which may fluctuate based on the policies of a new administration or Congress. 

Our International Operations Subject Us to Economic Risk As Our Results of Operations May Be Adversely Affected by Changes in Foreign Currency Fluctuations,
Economic Conditions and Changes in Local Government Regulation 

We conduct our business on a global basis, with approximately 61
percent of our total 2011 segment sales derived from international operations, including U.S. export sales. Changes in local and regional economic conditions, including fluctuations in exchange rates, may affect product demand and reported profits
in our non-U.S. operations (primarily the commercial businesses), where transactions are generally denominated in local currencies. In addition, currency fluctuations may affect the prices we pay suppliers for materials used in our products. As a
result, our operating margins may also be negatively impacted by worldwide currency fluctuations that result in higher costs for certain cross border transactions. Our financial statements are denominated in U.S. Dollars. Accordingly, fluctuations
in exchange rates may also give rise to translation gains or losses when financial statements of non-U.S. operating units are translated into U.S. Dollars. Given that the majority of our sales are non-U.S. based, a strengthening of the
U.S. Dollar against other major foreign currencies could adversely affect our results of operations. 

The majority of sales in the
aerospace businesses are transacted in U.S. Dollars, consistent with established industry practice, while the majority of costs at locations outside the United States are incurred in the applicable local currency (principally the Euro, the Canadian
Dollar, and the Polish Zloty). For operating units with U.S. Dollar sales and local currency costs, there is a foreign currency exposure that could impact our results of operations depending on market changes in the exchange rate of the
U.S. Dollar against the applicable foreign currencies. To manage certain exposures, we employ long-term hedging strategies associated with U.S. Dollar sales. See Note 1 and Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our 2011
Annual Report for a discussion of our hedging strategies. 

Our international sales and operations are subject to risks associated with
changes in local government laws, regulations and policies, including those related to tariffs and trade barriers, investments, taxation, exchange controls, capital controls, employment regulations, and repatriation of earnings. Our international
sales and operations are also sensitive to changes in foreign national priorities, including government budgets, as well as to political and economic instability. International transactions may involve increased financial and legal risks due to
differing legal systems and customs in foreign countries. For example, as a condition of sale or award of a contract, some international customers require us to agree to offset arrangements, which may include in-country purchases, manufacturing and
financial support arrangements. The contract may provide for penalties in the event we fail to perform in accordance with the offset requirements. 

In addition, as part of our globalization strategy, we have invested in certain countries, including Argentina, Brazil, China, India, Mexico, Russia, South Africa and countries in the Middle East, that carry high
levels of currency, political and economic risk. We expect that sales to emerging markets will continue to account for a significant portion of our sales as our business evolves and as these and other developing nations and regions around the world
increase their demand for our products. Emerging market operations can present many risks, including civil disturbances, health concerns, cultural differences (such as employment and business practices), volatility in gross domestic product,
economic and government instability, and the imposition of exchange controls and capital controls. While these factors and their impact are difficult to predict, any one or more of them could have a material adverse effect on our competitive
position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

We Use a Variety of Raw Materials, Supplier-Provided Parts, Components,
Sub-Systems and Third Party Contract Manufacturing Services in Our Businesses, and Significant Shortages, Supplier Capacity Constraints, Supplier Production Disruptions or Price Increases Could Increase Our Operating Costs and Adversely Impact the
Competitive Positions of Our Products 

Our reliance on suppliers, third party contract manufacturing and commodity markets to
secure raw materials, parts, components and sub-systems used in our products exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of these materials. In many instances, we depend upon a single source of supply, manufacturing or assembly or
participate in commodity markets that may be subject to allocations of limited supplies by suppliers. A disruption in deliveries from our suppliers or third party contract manufacturers, supplier capacity constraints, supplier and third party
contract manufacturer production disruptions, closing or bankruptcy of our suppliers, price increases, or decreased availability of raw materials or commodities, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments to
customers or increase our operating costs. We believe that our supply management and production practices are based on an appropriate balancing of the foreseeable risks and the costs of alternative practices. Nonetheless, price increases, supplier
capacity constraints, supplier production disruptions or the unavailability of some raw materials may have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

13 

Table of Contents

We Engage in Acquisitions and Divestitures, and May Encounter Difficulties Integrating Acquired Businesses with,
or Disposing of Divested Businesses from, Our Current Operations; Therefore, We May Not Realize the Anticipated Benefits of these Acquisitions and Divestitures 

We seek to grow through strategic acquisitions in addition to internal growth. In the past several years, we have made various acquisitions and have entered into joint venture arrangements intended to complement
and expand our businesses, and expect to do so in the future. For example, on September 21, 2011, we announced an agreement to acquire Goodrich and on October 12, 2011, Pratt & Whitney announced that Rolls-Royce will sell its
interests in IAE to Pratt & Whitney. Further, on October 12, 2011 Pratt & Whitney and Rolls-Royce also announced an agreement to form a new joint venture to develop new engines to power the next generation of 120 to 230
passenger mid-size aircraft that will replace the existing fleet of mid-size aircraft currently in service or in development. Our due diligence reviews may not identify all of the material issues necessary to accurately estimate the cost and
potential loss contingencies of a particular transaction, including potential exposure to regulatory sanctions resulting from an acquisition target’s previous activities. We may incur unanticipated costs or expenses, including post-closing
asset impairment charges, expenses associated with eliminating duplicate facilities, litigation, and other liabilities. We also may encounter difficulties in integrating acquisitions with our operations, applying our internal controls processes to
these acquisitions, or in managing strategic investments. Additionally, we may not realize the degree or timing of benefits we anticipate when we first enter into a transaction. In addition, the success of our pending acquisition of Goodrich and
Pratt & Whitney’s recently announced transactions with Rolls-Royce plc will depend on the satisfaction of conditions precedent to, and consummation of, the proposed transactions, the timing of consummation of the proposed transactions,
and the ability of the parties to secure regulatory approvals, and in the case of the Goodrich transaction, the approval of Goodrich’s shareholders, in a timely manner. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business and results of
operations. In addition, accounting requirements relating to business combinations, including the requirement to expense certain acquisition costs as incurred, may cause us to incur greater earnings volatility and generally lower earnings during
periods in which we acquire new businesses. Furthermore, we make strategic divestitures from time to time. These divestitures may result in continued financial involvement in the divested businesses, such as through guarantees or other financial
arrangements, following the transaction. Under these arrangements, nonperformance by those divested businesses could result in obligations imposed on us and could affect our future financial results. 

We May Not Complete the Goodrich Acquisition or Complete the Acquisition Within the Time Frame We Anticipate; The Acquired Business May Underperform Relative
to our Expectations; The Transaction May Cause Our Financial Results to Differ From Our Expectations or the Expectations of the Investment Community; We May Not Be Able to Achieve Anticipated Cost Savings or Other Anticipated Synergies.

The Goodrich acquisition is subject to a number of closing conditions, as described above, and the completion of the transaction
is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. The unpredictability of the business and regulatory conditions affecting the industries in which we and Goodrich operate, the uncertainty of regulatory approvals, the requirement that the merger
agreement be adopted by the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Goodrich common stock, and other risks and uncertainties may adversely affect our ability to complete the acquisition or complete the acquisition within the time
frame we anticipate. 

In addition, if the acquisition is consummated, the success of the acquisition will depend, in part, on our
ability to realize the anticipated synergies, cost savings and growth opportunities from the integration of Goodrich with our existing businesses. The integration process may be complex, costly and time-consuming. The potential difficulties of
integrating the operations of Goodrich and realizing our expectations for the acquisition include, among others: 

•

 failure to implement our business plan for the combined business; 

•

 unanticipated issues in integrating manufacturing, logistics, information, communications and other systems; 

•

 unanticipated changes in applicable laws and regulations; 

•

 unanticipated changes in the combined business due to potential divestitures or other requirements imposed by antitrust regulators; 

•

 retaining key customers, suppliers and employees; 

•

 retaining and obtaining required regulatory approvals, licenses and permits; 

•

 operating risks inherent in the Goodrich business and our business; 

•

 the impact on our internal controls and compliance with the regulatory requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; and 

•

 other unanticipated issues, expenses and liabilities. 

14 

Table of Contents

We Have Outstanding Debt and We Will Incur Significant Transaction- and Acquisition-Related Costs in Connection
With Financing the Acquisition of Goodrich; Our Debt Will Increase As A Result of the Acquisition and Any Incurrence of Indebtedness In Connection With the Acquisition, and Will Increase If We Incur Additional Debt in the Future and Do Not Retire
Existing Debt. 

We have outstanding debt and other financial obligations and significant unused borrowing capacity. As of
December 31, 2011, we had approximately $10.3 billion of total debt on a consolidated basis. We anticipate that Goodrich will have approximately $1.9 billion of net debt as of the closing of the acquisition of Goodrich, and we further
anticipate incurring significant additional debt in connection with the financing of the acquisition. Our debt level and related debt service obligations could have negative consequences, including: 

•

 requiring us to dedicate significant cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, which would reduce the funds we have
available for other purposes, such as acquisitions; 

•

 reducing our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and market conditions; and 

•

 exposing us to interest rate risk since a portion of our debt obligations are at variable rates. 

We may incur significantly more debt in the future. If we add new debt and do not retire existing debt, the risks described above could increase.

Our current global and domestic revolving credit facilities impose restrictions on us, including certain restrictions on our ability to
incur liens on our assets. Our current revolving credit facilities are available for general corporate purposes. There are currently no amounts outstanding under our credit facilities. Our long-term debt obligations include covenants that may
adversely affect our ability to incur certain secured indebtedness or engage in certain types of sale and leaseback transactions. Our ability to comply with these restrictions and covenants may be affected by events beyond our control. If we breach
any of these restrictions or covenants and do not obtain a waiver from the lenders, then, subject to applicable cure periods, our outstanding indebtedness could be declared immediately due and payable. 

We Design, Manufacture and Service Products that Incorporate Advanced Technologies; The Introduction of New Products and Technologies Involves Risks and We
May Not Realize the Degree or Timing of Benefits Initially Anticipated 

We seek to achieve growth through the design,
development, production, sale and support of innovative products that incorporate advanced technologies. The product, program and service needs of our customers change and evolve regularly, and we invest substantial amounts in research and
development efforts to pursue advancements in a wide range of technologies, products and services. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of these advancements depends on a variety of factors, including meeting development, production,
certification and regulatory approval schedules; execution of internal and external performance plans; availability of supplier- and internally-produced parts and materials; performance of suppliers and subcontractors; hiring and training of
qualified personnel; achieving cost and production efficiencies; identification of emerging technological trends in our target end-markets; validation of innovative technologies; the level of customer interest in new technologies and products; and
customer acceptance of our products and products that incorporate technologies we develop. These factors involve significant risks and uncertainties. Any development efforts divert resources from other potential investments in our businesses, and
these efforts may not lead to the development of new technologies or products on a timely basis or meet the needs of our customers as fully as competitive offerings. In addition, the markets for our products or products that incorporate our
technologies may not develop or grow as we anticipate. We or our suppliers and subcontractors may encounter difficulties in developing and producing these new products and services, and may not realize the degree or timing of benefits initially
anticipated. Due to the design complexity of our products, we may in the future experience delays in completing the development and introduction of new products. Any delays could result in increased development costs or deflect resources from other
projects. In particular, we cannot predict with certainty whether, when and in what quantities our aerospace businesses will produce and sell aircraft engines, helicopters, aircraft systems and components and other products currently in development
or pending required certifications. Our contracts are typically awarded on a competitive basis. Our bids are based upon, among other items, the cost to provide the products and services. To generate an acceptable return on our investment in these
contracts, we must be able to accurately estimate our costs to provide the services required by the contract and to be able to complete the contracts in a timely manner. If we fail to accurately estimate our costs or the time required to complete a
contract, the profitability of our contracts may be materially and adversely affected. Some of our contracts provide for liquidated damages in the event that we are unable to perform and deliver in accordance with the contractual specifications and
schedule. Furthermore, we cannot be sure that our competitors will not develop competing technologies which gain market acceptance in advance of or instead of our products. The possibility exists that our competitors might develop new technology or
offerings that might cause our existing technology and offerings to become obsolete. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

We Are Subject to Litigation, Tax, Environmental and Other Legal Compliance Risks 

We are subject to a variety of litigation, tax and legal compliance risks. These risks include, among other things, possible liability relating to
product liability matters, personal injuries, intellectual property rights, contract-related claims, government contracts, taxes, environmental matters and compliance with U.S. and foreign export laws, competition laws and laws governing improper
business practices. We or one of our business units could be charged with wrongdoing as a result of such matters. If convicted or found liable, we could be subject to significant fines, penalties, repayments, other damages (in certain cases, treble
damages), or suspension or debarment from government contracts. Independently, failure of us or one of our business units to comply with applicable export and trade practice laws could result in civil or criminal penalties and suspension or
termination of export privileges. As a global business, we are subject to complex laws and regulations in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate. Those laws and regulations may be interpreted in different ways. They may also change from
time to time, as may related 

15 

Table of Contents

interpretations and other guidance. Changes in laws or regulations could result in higher expenses and payments, and uncertainty relating to laws or regulations may also affect how we conduct our
operations and structure our investments and could limit our ability to enforce our rights. Changes in environmental and climate change laws or regulations, including laws relating to greenhouse gas emissions, could lead to new or additional
investment in product designs and could increase environmental compliance expenditures. Changes in climate change concerns, or in the regulation of such concerns, including greenhouse gas emissions, could subject us to additional costs and
restrictions, including increased energy and raw materials costs. 

In the area of taxes, changes in tax laws and regulations, as well as
changes in related interpretations and other tax guidance could materially impact our tax receivables and liabilities and our deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. Additionally, in the ordinary course of business we are subject to
examinations by various authorities, including tax authorities. In addition to ongoing investigations, there could be additional investigations launched in the future by governmental authorities in various jurisdictions, and existing investigations
could be expanded. The global and diverse nature of our operations means that these risks will continue to exist and additional legal proceedings and contingencies will arise from time to time. Our results may be affected by the outcome of legal
proceedings and other contingencies that cannot be predicted with certainty. 

For non-income tax risks, we estimate material loss
contingencies and establish reserves as required by generally accepted accounting principles based on our assessment of contingencies where liability is deemed probable and reasonably estimable in light of the facts and circumstances known to us at
a particular point in time. Subsequent developments in legal proceedings may affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingency recorded as a liability or as a reserve against assets in our financial statements and could result in a
material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which a liability would be recognized or cash flows for the period in which damages would be paid. For a description of current legal proceedings, see Part I, Item 3
“Legal Proceedings,” in this Form 10-K. For income tax risks, we recognize tax benefits based on our assessment that a tax benefit has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being sustained upon ultimate settlement with the applicable
taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant facts. For those income tax positions where we assess that there is not a greater than 50 percent likelihood that such tax benefits will be sustained, we do not recognize a tax benefit in our
financial statements. Subsequent events may cause us to change our assessment of the likelihood of sustaining a previously-recognized benefit which could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations in the
period in which any such event occurs or on our cash flows in the period in which the ultimate settlement with the applicable taxing authority occurs. 

We May Be Unable to Realize Expected Benefits From Our Cost Reduction and Restructuring Efforts and Our Profitability May Be Hurt or Our Business Otherwise
Might Be Adversely Affected 

In order to operate more efficiently and control costs, we announce from time to time restructuring
plans, which include workforce reductions as well as global facility consolidations and other cost reduction initiatives. These plans are intended to generate operating expense savings through direct and indirect overhead expense reductions as well
as other savings. We may undertake further workforce reductions or restructuring actions in the future. These types of cost reduction and restructuring activities are complex. If we do not successfully manage our current restructuring activities, or
any other restructuring activities that we may undertake in the future, expected efficiencies and benefits might be delayed or not realized, and our operations and business could be disrupted. Risks associated with these actions and other workforce
management issues include delays in implementation of anticipated workforce reductions, additional unexpected costs, changes in restructuring plans that increase or decrease the number of employees affected, adverse effects on employee morale and
the failure to meet operational targets due to the loss of employees, any of which may impair our ability to achieve anticipated cost reductions or may otherwise harm our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive
position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

Our Financial Performance May Be Adversely Affected By Information Technology
and Other Business Disruptions 

Our business may be impacted by disruptions, including information technology attacks or
failures, threats to physical security, as well as damaging weather or other acts of nature, pandemics or other public health crises. Cybersecurity attacks, in particular, are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software,
attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. We have experienced
cybersecurity attacks in the past and may experience them in the future, potentially with more frequency. We believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology and our operations from these information
technology-related and other potential disruptions. However, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of such disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, other detrimental impacts on
our operations or ability to provide products and services to our customers, the compromising of confidential or otherwise protected information, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, other manipulation or improper use of our systems
and networks, financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business or potential liability, and/or damage to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, competitive position, financial condition or results
of operations. 

We Depend On Our Intellectual Property, and Have Access to Certain Intellectual Property and Information of Our Customers and
Suppliers; Infringement or Failure to Protect Our Intellectual Property Could Adversely Affect Our Future Growth and Success 

We
rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, nondisclosure agreements, information technology security systems and other measures to protect our proprietary intellectual property. We also rely on nondisclosure agreements,
information technology security systems and other measures to protect certain customer and supplier information and intellectual property that we have in our possession or to which we have access. Our efforts to protect intellectual property and
proprietary rights may not be sufficient. We cannot be sure that our pending patent applications will result in the issuance of patents to us, that patents 

16 

Table of Contents

issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future will not be challenged or circumvented by competitors, or that these patents will be found to be valid or sufficiently broad to preclude
our competitors from introducing technologies similar to those covered by our patents and patent applications. In addition, our ability to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights may be limited in certain countries outside the United
States, which could make it easier for competitors to capture market position in such countries by utilizing technologies that are similar to those developed or licensed by us. We may also be subject to disruptions, losses and liability resulting
from various cybersecurity attacks or information technology failures. Cybersecurity attacks, in particular, are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, and other electronic
security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. We have experienced cybersecurity attacks in the past and may experience them in the future,
potentially with more frequency. 

Any of these events or factors could diminish or cause us to lose the competitive advantages
associated with our intellectual property, subject us to judgments, penalties and significant litigation costs or temporarily or permanently disrupt our sales and marketing of the affected products or services. Any of the foregoing could have a
material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.