Our business, financial
condition, operating results and cash flows can be impacted by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, those set forth below, any one of which could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated
future results. For a discussion identifying additional risk factors and important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated, see the discussion in the “Business” section under the headings
“Other Matters Relating to Our Business as a Whole” and “Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results” in this Form 10-K and in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations” and “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in our 2009 Annual Report. 

Our Global Growth Is Subject to
a Number of Economic Risks 

As widely reported, the global economic turmoil that began in 2008 continued throughout 2009,
including widespread recessionary conditions, record levels of unemployment, significant distress of financial institutions, extreme volatility in security prices, severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, rating downgrades of certain
investments and declining valuations of others. Governments have taken unprecedented actions intended to address extreme financial and economic conditions that include severely restricted credit and declines in real estate values. In recent months,
certain indices and economic data have begun to show first signs of improvement and stabilization in the macroeconomic environment. However, there can be no assurance that these improvements will be broad-based and sustainable, or that they will
affect markets relevant to us. Further, there can be no assurance that we will not experience further adverse effects that may be material to our revenues, results of operations, financial condition and ability to access capital. These economic
developments affect businesses such as ours in a number of ways. The tightening of credit in financial markets adversely affects the ability of our customers and suppliers to obtain financing for significant purchases and operations and could result
in a decrease in or cancellation of orders for our products and services as well as impact the ability of our customers to make payments. Similarly, this tightening of credit may adversely affect our supplier base and increase the potential for one
or more of our suppliers to experience financial distress or bankruptcy. Our global business is also adversely affected by decreases in the general level of economic activity,

10 

Table of Contents

such as decreases in business and consumer spending, air travel, construction activity, the financial strength of airline customers and business jet operators, and government procurement.
Strengthening of the rate of exchange for the U.S. Dollar against certain major currencies such as the Euro, the Canadian Dollar and other currencies also adversely affects our results. We are unable to predict the likely duration and severity
of disruption in financial markets and adverse economic conditions in the U.S. and other countries. 

Our Financial Performance Is Dependent on the
Conditions of the Construction and Aerospace Industries 

The results of our commercial and industrial businesses, which generated
approximately 58% of our consolidated revenues in 2009, are influenced by a number of external factors including fluctuations in residential and commercial construction activity, regulatory changes, interest rates, labor costs, foreign currency
exchange rates, customer attrition, raw material and energy costs, the tightening of the U.S. credit markets and other global and political factors. In addition to these factors, Carrier’s financial performance can also be influenced by
production and utilization of transport equipment and, in its residential business, weather conditions. 

The results of our commercial
and military aerospace businesses, which generated approximately 42% of our consolidated revenues in 2009, are directly tied to the economic conditions in the commercial aviation and defense industries, which are cyclical in nature. The challenging
operating environment currently faced by commercial airlines is expected to continue. As a result, financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, of one or more of the major commercial airlines could result in significant cancellations of orders,
reductions in our aerospace revenues and losses under existing contracts. In addition, capital spending and demand for aircraft engine and component aftermarket parts and service by commercial airlines, aircraft operators and aircraft manufacturers
are influenced by a wide variety of factors, including current and predicted traffic levels, load factors, aircraft fuel pricing, labor issues, worldwide airline profits, airline consolidation, competition, the retirement of older aircraft,
regulatory changes, terrorism and related safety concerns, general economic conditions, corporate profitability, and backlog levels, all of which could reduce both the demand for air travel and the aftermarket sales and margins of our aerospace
businesses. Future terrorist actions or pandemic health issues could dramatically reduce both the demand for air travel and our aerospace businesses aftermarket sales and margins. Also, since a substantial portion of the backlog for commercial
aerospace customers is scheduled for delivery beyond 2010, changes in economic conditions may cause customers to request that firm orders be rescheduled or canceled. At times, our aerospace businesses also enter into firm fixed-price development
contracts, which may require us to bear cost overruns related to unforeseen technical and design challenges that arise during the development stage of the program. In addition, our aerospace businesses face intense competition from domestic and
foreign manufacturers of new equipment and spare parts. The defense industry is also affected by a changing global political environment, continued pressure on U.S. and global defense spending and U.S. foreign policy and the level of activity in
military flight operations. Spare parts sales and aftermarket service trends are affected by similar factors, including usage, pricing, technological improvements, regulatory changes and the retirement of older aircraft. Furthermore, because of the
lengthy research and development cycle involved in bringing products in these business segments to market, we cannot predict the economic conditions that will exist when any new product is complete. A reduction in capital spending in the commercial
aviation or defense industries could have a significant effect on the demand for our products, which could have an adverse effect on our financial performance or results of operations. 

Our Business May Be Affected by Government Contracting Risks 

U.S. government contracts
are subject to termination by the government, either for the convenience of the government or for default as a result of our failure to perform under the applicable contract. If terminated by the government as a result of our default, we could be
liable for additional costs the government incurs in acquiring undelivered goods or services from another source and any other damages it suffers. We are now, and believe that in light of the current U.S. government contracting environment we will
continue to be, the subject of one or more U.S. government investigations. If we or one of our business units were charged with wrongdoing as a result of any U.S. government investigation (including violation of certain environmental or export
laws), the U.S. government could suspend us from bidding on or receiving awards of new U.S. government contracts pending the completion of legal proceedings. If convicted or found liable, the U.S. government could subject us to fines, penalties,
repayments and treble and other damages. The U.S. government could void any contracts found to be tainted by fraud. The U.S. government also reserves the right to debar a contractor from receiving new government contracts for fraudulent, criminal or
other seriously improper conduct. Debarment generally does not exceed three years. Independently, failure to comply with U.S. laws and regulations related to the export of goods and technology outside the United States could result in civil or
criminal penalties and suspension or termination of our export privileges. In addition, we are also sensitive to U.S. military budgets, which may fluctuate to reflect the policies of a new administration or Congress. 

Our International Operations Subject Us to Economic Risk As Our Results of Operations May Be Adversely Affected by Changes in Economic Conditions, Foreign
Currency Fluctuations and Changes in Local Government Regulation 

We conduct our business on a global basis, with approximately
59% of our total 2009 segment revenues derived from operations outside of the United States and from U.S. export sales. Changes in local and regional economic conditions, including fluctuations in exchange rates, may affect product demand and
reported profits in our non-U.S. operations (primarily the commercial businesses) where transactions are generally denominated in local currencies. In addition, currency fluctuations may affect the prices we pay suppliers for materials used in our
products. As a result, our operating margins may also be negatively impacted by worldwide

11 

Table of Contents

currency fluctuations that result in higher costs for certain cross border transactions. Our financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars. Accordingly, fluctuations in exchange rates may
also give rise to translation gains or losses when financial statements of non-U.S. operating units are translated into U.S. dollars. Given that the majority of our revenues are non-U.S. based, a strengthening of the U.S. dollar against other major
foreign currencies could adversely affect our results of operations. 

The majority of sales in the aerospace businesses are transacted
in U.S. dollars, consistent with established industry practice, while the majority of costs at locations outside the United States are incurred in the applicable local currency (principally the Euro and the Canadian dollar). For operating units with
U.S. dollar sales and local currency costs, there is a foreign currency exposure that could impact our results of operations depending on market changes in the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar against the applicable foreign currencies. To manage
certain exposures, we employ long-term hedging strategies associated with U.S. dollar revenues. See Note 1 and Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our 2009 Annual Report for a discussion of our hedging strategies. 

Our international sales and operations are subject to risks associated with changes in local government laws, regulations and policies, including
those related to tariffs and trade barriers, investments, taxation, exchange controls, employment regulations, and repatriation of earnings. Our international sales and operations are also sensitive to changes in foreign national priorities,
including government budgets, as well as to political and economic instability. International transactions may involve increased financial and legal risks due to differing legal systems and customs in foreign countries. For example, as a condition
of sale or award of a contract, some international customers require us to agree to offset arrangements, which may include in-country purchases, manufacturing and financial support arrangements. The contract may provide for penalties in the event we
fail to perform in accordance with the offset requirements. 

In addition, as part of our globalization strategy, we have invested in
certain countries, including Argentina, Brazil, China, India, Russia, South Africa and countries in the Middle East, that carry high levels of currency, political and economic risk. We expect that sales to emerging markets will continue to account
for a significant portion of our total sales as our business evolves and as these and other developing nations and regions around the world increase their demand for our products. Emerging market operations can present many risks, including civil
disturbances, health concerns, cultural differences, such as employment and business practices, volatility in gross domestic product, economic and government instability, and the imposition of exchange controls. While these factors and their impact
are difficult to predict, any one or more of them could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. 

We Use a Variety
of Raw Materials, Supplier-Provided Parts, Components, Sub-Systems and Third Party Contract Manufacturing Services in Our Businesses, and Significant Shortages, Supplier Capacity Constraints, Supplier Production Disruptions or Price Increases Could
Increase Our Operating Costs and Adversely Impact the Competitive Positions of Our Products 

Our reliance on suppliers, third
party contract manufacturing and commodity markets to secure raw materials, parts, components and sub-systems used in our products exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of these materials. In some instances, we depend upon a single
source of supply, manufacturing or assembly or participate in commodity markets that may be subject to allocations of limited supplies by suppliers. A disruption in deliveries from our suppliers or third party contract manufacturers, supplier
capacity constraints, supplier and third party contract manufacturer production disruptions, price increases, or decreased availability of raw materials or commodities, could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments to customers
or increase our operating costs. We believe that our supply management and production practices are based on an appropriate balancing of the foreseeable risks and the costs of alternative practices. Nonetheless, price increases, supplier capacity
constraints, supplier production disruptions or the unavailability of some raw materials may have an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

We Engage in Acquisitions and Divestitures, and May Encounter Difficulties Integrating Acquired Businesses with, or Disposing of Divested Businesses from, Our Current Operations; Therefore, We May Not Realize
the Anticipated Benefits of these Acquisitions and Divestitures 

We seek to grow through strategic acquisitions. In the past
several years, we have made various acquisitions and have entered into joint venture arrangements intended to complement and expand our businesses, and may continue to do so in the future. The success of these transactions will depend on our ability
to integrate assets and personnel acquired in connection with these transactions, apply our internal controls processes to these acquired businesses, and cooperate with our strategic partners. We may encounter difficulties in integrating
acquisitions with our operations, applying our internal controls processes to these acquisitions, or in managing strategic investments. Additionally, we may not realize the degree or timing of benefits we anticipate when we first enter into a
transaction. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, the recent effectiveness of revisions to accounting for business combinations, which, among other things, require companies to expense
certain acquisition costs as incurred, may cause us to incur greater earnings volatility and generally lower earnings during periods in which we acquire new businesses. Furthermore, we make strategic divestitures from time to time. These
divestitures may result in continued financial involvement in the divested businesses, such as through guarantees or other financial arrangements, following the transaction. Lower performance by those divested businesses could affect our future
financial results. 

We Design, Manufacture and Service Products that Incorporate Advanced Technologies; The Introduction of New Products and
Technologies Involves Risks and We May Not Realize the Degree or Timing of Benefits Initially Anticipated 

We seek to achieve
growth through the design, development, production, sale and support of innovative products that incorporate advanced technologies. We regularly invest substantial amounts in research and development efforts that pursue

12 

Table of Contents

advancements in a wide range of technologies, products and services. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of these advancements depends on a variety of factors, including meeting
development, production, certification and regulatory approval schedules; execution of internal and external performance plans; availability of internal and supplier-produced parts and materials; performance of suppliers and subcontractors;
achieving cost and production efficiencies, validation of innovative technologies and the level of customer interest in new technologies and products. These factors involve significant risks and uncertainties. We or our suppliers and subcontractors
may encounter difficulties in developing and producing these new products and services, and may not realize the degree or timing of benefits initially anticipated. In particular, we cannot predict with certainty whether, when and in what quantities
our aerospace businesses, particularly Pratt & Whitney, Sikorsky and Hamilton Sundstrand, will produce aircraft engines, helicopters, aircraft systems and components and other products currently in development or pending required
certifications. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We Are Subject to Litigation, Tax,
Environmental and Other Legal Compliance Risks That Could Adversely Affect Our Operating Results 

We are subject to a variety of
litigation tax and legal compliance risks. These risks include, among other things, litigation concerning product liability matters, personal injuries, intellectual property rights, government contracts, taxes, environmental matters and compliance
with U.S. and foreign export laws, competition laws and laws governing improper business practices. We or one of our business units could be charged with wrongdoing as a result of such litigation. If convicted or found liable, we could be subject to
fines, penalties, repayments, other damages (in certain cases, treble damages), or suspension or debarment from government contracts. Independently, failure of us or one of our business units to comply with applicable export and trade practice laws
could result in civil or criminal penalties and suspension or termination of export privileges. As a global business, we are subject to complex laws and regulations in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate. Those laws and regulations may
be interpreted in different ways. They may also change from time to time, as may related interpretations and other guidance. Changes in laws and regulations could result in higher expenses and payments, and uncertainty relating to laws and
regulations may also affect how we conduct our operations and structure our investments and could limit our ability to enforce our rights. Changes in environmental laws and regulations could lead to new or additional investment in product designs
and could increase environmental compliance expenditures. In the area of tax, changes in tax laws and regulations, as well as changes in related interpretations and other tax guidance could materially impact our tax receivables and liabilities and
our deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. Additionally, in the ordinary course of business we are subject to examinations by various authorities, including tax authorities. In addition to ongoing investigations, there could be additional
investigations launched in the future by governmental authorities in various jurisdictions and existing investigations could be expanded. While we believe we have adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs to address and reduce
these risks, the global and diverse nature of our operations means that these risks will continue to exist and additional legal proceedings and contingencies will arise from time to time. Our results may be affected by the outcome of legal
proceedings and other contingencies that cannot be predicted with certainty. 

For non-income tax risks, we estimate material loss
contingencies and establish reserves as required by generally accepted accounting principles based on our assessment of contingencies where liability is deemed probable and reasonably estimable in light of the facts and circumstances known to us at
a particular point in time. Subsequent developments in legal proceedings may affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingency recorded as a liability or as a reserve against assets in our financial statements and could result in an
adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which a liability would be recognized or cash flows for the period in which damages would be paid. For a description of current legal proceedings, see Part I, Item 3 “Legal
Proceedings,” in this Form 10-K. For income tax risks, we recognize tax benefits based on our assessment that a tax benefit has a greater than 50% likelihood of being sustained upon ultimate settlement with the applicable taxing authority that
has full knowledge of all relevant facts. For those income tax positions where we assess that there is not a greater than 50% likelihood that such tax benefits will be sustained, we do not recognize a tax benefit in our financial statements.
Subsequent events may cause us to change our assessment of the likelihood of sustaining a previously-recognized benefit which could result in an adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which such event occurs or on our cash
flows in the period in which the ultimate settlement with the applicable taxing authority occurs.