Our
business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows can be impacted by a number of factors, including, but not limited to those set forth below, any one of which could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or
from our anticipated future results. For a discussion identifying additional risk factors and important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated, see the discussion in “Other Matters Relating to Our
Business as a Whole” and “Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results” in this Form 10-K and in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and
“Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in our 2005 Annual Report. 

Our Financial Performance Is Dependent on the Conditions of the Aerospace and Construction Industries 

The results of our commercial and military aerospace businesses, which generated 36 percent of our revenues in 2005, are directly tied to the economic
conditions in the commercial aviation and defense industries. The aviation industry is cyclical, and capital spending by airlines and aircraft manufacturers may be influenced by a wide variety of factors including current and predicted traffic
levels, load factors, aircraft fuel pricing, labor issues, competition, the retirement of older aircraft, regulatory changes, terrorism and related safety concerns, general economic conditions, worldwide airline profits and backlog levels. Also,
since a substantial portion of the backlog for commercial customers is scheduled for delivery beyond 2006, changes in economic conditions may cause customers to request that firm orders be rescheduled or canceled. In addition, our aerospace
businesses face intense competition from domestic and foreign manufacturers of new equipment and spare parts. The defense industry is also affected by a changing global political environment, continued pressure on U.S. and global defense spending
and U.S. foreign policy and the level of activity in military flight operations. Spare parts sales and aftermarket service trends are affected by similar factors, including usage, pricing, regulatory changes, the retirement of older aircraft and
technological improvements to new engines that increase reliability. Furthermore, because of the lengthy research and development cycle involved in bringing products in these business segments to market, we cannot predict the economic conditions
that will exist when any new product is complete. A reduction in capital spending in the aviation or defense industries could have a significant effect on the demand for our products, which could have an adverse effect on our financial performance
or results of operations. 

The results of our commercial and
industrial businesses, which generated 64 percent of our revenues in 2005, are influenced by a number of external factors including fluctuations in residential and commercial construction activity, interest rates, labor costs, foreign currency
exchange rates, customer attrition, raw material and energy costs and other global and political factors. In addition to these factors, Carrier’s financial performance can also be influenced by production and utilization of transport equipment
and, in its residential business, weather conditions in seasonal periods. 

Our Business May Be Affected by Government Contracting Risks 

U.S. government contracts are subject to termination by the government, either for the convenience of the government or for default as a result of our failure to perform under the applicable contract. If terminated by
the government as a result of 

7 

Table of Contents

our default, we could be liable for additional costs the government incurs in acquiring undelivered goods or services
from another source and any other damages it suffers. We are now, and believe that in light of the current U.S. government contracting environment we will continue to be, the subject of one or more U.S. government investigations. If we or one of our
business units were charged with wrongdoing as a result of any U.S. government investigations (including violation of certain environmental or export laws), we could be suspended from bidding on or receiving awards of new U.S. government contracts
pending the completion of legal proceedings. If convicted or found liable, we could be subject to fines, penalties, repayments and treble and other damages. Any contracts found to be tainted by fraud could be voided by the U.S. government. The U.S.
government also reserves the right to debar a contractor from receiving new government contracts for fraudulent, criminal or other seriously improper conduct. Debarment generally does not exceed three years. Independently, failure to comply with
U.S. laws and regulations related to the export of goods and technology outside the U.S. could result in civil or criminal penalties and suspension or termination of our export privileges. 

Our International Operations Subject Us to Economic Risk As Our Results of Operations
May Be Adversely Affected by Foreign Currency Fluctuations and Changes in Local Government Regulation 

We conduct our business on a global basis, with 61 percent of our total 2005 segment revenues, including U.S. export sales, derived from operations
outside of the United States. Fluctuations in exchange rates may affect product demand in export markets and affect reported profits of our non-U.S. operations (primarily the commercial businesses) where transactions are generally denominated in
local currencies. In addition, currency fluctuations may affect the prices we pay suppliers for materials used in our products. Our financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars. Accordingly, fluctuations in exchange rates may also give rise
to translation gains or losses when financial statements on non-U.S. operating units are translated into U.S. dollars. Given that the majority of our revenues are non-U.S. based, a strengthening of the U.S. dollar against other major foreign
currencies could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our international sales and operations are subject to risks associated with changes in local government laws, regulations and policies, including those related to tariffs and trade barriers, investments, taxation, exchange controls,
employment regulations, and repatriation of earnings. Our international sales and operations are also sensitive to changes in foreign national priorities, including government budgets, as well as to political and economic instability. International
transactions may involve increased financial and legal risks due to differing legal systems and customs in foreign countries. For example, as a condition of sale or to the awarding of a contract, some international customers require us to agree to
offset arrangements, which may include in-country purchases, manufacturing and financial support arrangements. The contract may provide for penalties in the event we fail to perform in accordance with the offset requirements. In addition, as part of
our globalization strategy, we have invested in certain countries, including Argentina, Brazil, China Russia and South Africa, which carry high levels of currency, political and economic risk. While these factors or the impact of these factors are
difficult to predict, any one or more of them could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. 

We Use a Variety of Raw Materials in Our Businesses, and Significant Shortages or Price Increases Could Increase Our Operating Costs and Adversely Impact the
Competitive Positions of Our Products 

Our reliance on
foreign suppliers and commodity markets to secure raw materials used in our products exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of raw materials. In some instances, we depend upon a single source of supply or participate in commodity
markets that may be subject to allocations by suppliers. A disruption in deliveries from our suppliers, price increases, or decreased availability of raw materials or commodities, could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments
to customers or increase our operating costs. We believe that our supply management practices are based on an appropriate balancing of the foreseeable risks and the costs of alternative practices. Nonetheless, price increases or the unavailability
of some raw materials may have an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

We Engage in Acquisitions, and May Encounter Difficulties Integrating Acquired Businesses with Our Current Operations; Therefore, We May Not Realize the Anticipated Benefits of the Acquisitions

We seek to grow through strategic acquisitions. In
the past several years, we have made various acquisitions and entered into joint venture arrangements intended to complement and expand our businesses, and may continue to do so in the future. The success of these transactions will depend on our
ability to integrate assets and personnel acquired in these transactions, apply our internal controls processes to these acquired businesses, and cooperate with our strategic partners. We may encounter difficulties in integrating acquisitions with
our operations, and in managing strategic investments. Furthermore, we may not realize the degree, or timing, of benefits we anticipate when we first enter into a transaction. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business and results of
operations. 

8 

Table of Contents

We Are Subject to Litigation That Could Adversely Affect Our Operating Results 

Our results may be affected by the outcome of legal proceedings and other
contingencies that cannot be predicted with certainty. As required by GAAP, we estimate material loss contingencies and establish reserves based on our assessment of contingencies where liability is deemed probable and reasonably estimable in light
of the facts and circumstances known to us at a particular point in time. Subsequent developments in legal proceedings may affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingency recorded as a liability or as a reserve against assets in our
financial statements and could result in an adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which a liability would be recognized or cash flows for the period in which damages would be paid. For a description of current legal
proceedings, see Item 3 “Legal Proceedings” in this Form 10-K.