Our business, financial condition,
operating results and cash flows can be impacted by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, those set forth below, any one of which could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future
results. For a discussion identifying additional risk factors and important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated, see the discussion in the “Business” section under the headings “Other
Matters Relating to Our Business as a Whole” and “Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results” in this Form 10-K and in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations” and “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in our 2008 Annual Report. 

Our Global Growth is Subject to a Number of
Economic Risks 

As widely reported, financial markets in the United States, Europe and Asia have been experiencing extreme
disruption in recent months, including, among other things, extreme volatility in security prices, severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, rating downgrades of certain investments and declining valuations of others. Governments have
taken unprecedented actions intended to address extreme market conditions that include severely restricted credit and declines in real estate values. While currently these conditions have not impaired our ability to access credit markets and finance
our operations, there can be no assurance that there will not be a further deterioration in financial markets and confidence in major economies. These economic developments affect businesses such as ours in a number of ways. The current tightening
of credit in financial markets adversely affects the ability of our customers to obtain financing for significant purchases and operations and could result in a decrease in or cancellation of orders for our products and services as well as impact
the ability of our customers to make payments. Similarly, this tightening of credit may adversely affect our supplier base and increase the potential for one or more of our suppliers to experience financial distress or bankruptcy. Our global
business is also adversely affected by decreases in the general level of economic activity, such as decreases in business and consumer spending, air travel, construction activity, financial strength of airline customers and government procurement.
Strengthening of the rate of exchange for the U.S. Dollar against certain major currencies such as the Euro, the Canadian Dollar and other currencies also adversely affects our results. We are unable to predict the likely duration and severity
of the current disruption in financial markets and adverse economic conditions in the U.S. and other countries. 

10 

Table of Contents

Our Financial Performance Is Dependent on the Conditions of the Construction and Aerospace Industries

The results of our commercial and industrial businesses, which generated approximately 62 percent of our revenues in 2008, are
influenced by a number of external factors including fluctuations in residential and commercial construction activity, regulatory changes, interest rates, labor costs, foreign currency exchange rates, customer attrition, raw material and energy
costs, the tightening of the U.S. credit markets and other global and political factors. In addition to these factors, Carrier’s financial performance can also be influenced by production and utilization of transport equipment and, in its
residential business, weather conditions. 

The results of our commercial and military aerospace businesses, which generated approximately
38 percent of our consolidated revenues in 2008, are directly tied to the economic conditions in the commercial aviation and defense industries, which are cyclical in nature. The challenging operating environment currently faced by commercial
airlines is expected to continue. As a result, capital spending by commercial airlines and aircraft manufacturers may be influenced by a wide variety of factors, including current and predicted traffic levels, load factors, aircraft fuel pricing,
labor issues, worldwide airline profits, airline consolidation, airline insolvencies, competition, the retirement of older aircraft, regulatory changes, terrorism and related safety concerns, general economic conditions, corporate profitability, and
backlog levels, all of which could reduce both the demand for air travel and the aftermarket sales and margins of our aerospace businesses. Future terrorist actions or pandemic health issues could dramatically reduce both the demand for air travel
and our aerospace businesses aftermarket sales and margins. Also, since a substantial portion of the backlog for commercial aerospace customers is scheduled for delivery beyond 2009, changes in economic conditions may cause customers to request that
firm orders be rescheduled or canceled. At times, our aerospace businesses also enter into firm fixed-price development contracts, which may require us to bear cost overruns related to unforeseen technical and design challenges that arise during the
development stage of the program. In addition, our aerospace businesses face intense competition from domestic and foreign manufacturers of new equipment and spare parts. The defense industry is also affected by a changing global political
environment, continued pressure on U.S. and global defense spending and U.S. foreign policy and the level of activity in military flight operations. Spare parts sales and aftermarket service trends are affected by similar factors, including usage,
pricing, technological improvements, regulatory changes and the retirement of older aircraft. Furthermore, because of the lengthy research and development cycle involved in bringing products in these business segments to market, we cannot predict
the economic conditions that will exist when any new product is complete. A reduction in capital spending in the commercial aviation or defense industries could have a significant effect on the demand for our products, which could have an adverse
effect on our financial performance or results of operations. 

Our Business May Be Affected by Government Contracting Risks 

U.S. government contracts are subject to termination by the government, either for the convenience of the government or for default as a result of our
failure to perform under the applicable contract. If terminated by the government as a result of our default, we could be liable for additional costs the government incurs in acquiring undelivered goods or services from another source and any other
damages it suffers. We are now, and believe that in light of the current U.S. government contracting environment we will continue to be, the subject of one or more U.S. government investigations. If we or one of our business units were charged with
wrongdoing as a result of any U.S. government investigation (including violation of certain environmental or export laws), the U.S. government could suspend us from bidding on or receiving awards of new U.S. government contracts pending the
completion of legal proceedings. If convicted or found liable, the U.S. government could subject us to fines, penalties, repayments and treble and other damages. The U.S. government could void any contracts found to be tainted by fraud. The U.S.
government also reserves the right to debar a contractor from receiving new government contracts for fraudulent, criminal or other seriously improper conduct. Debarment generally does not exceed three years. Independently, failure to comply with
U.S. laws and regulations related to the export of goods and technology outside the United States could result in civil or criminal penalties and suspension or termination of our export privileges. In addition, we are also sensitive to U.S. military
budgets, which may fluctuate to reflect the policies of a new administration or Congress. 

Our International Operations Subject Us to Economic Risk
As Our Results of Operations May Be Adversely Affected by Changes in Economic Conditions, Foreign Currency Fluctuations and Changes in Local Government Regulation 

We conduct our business on a global basis, with approximately 64 percent of our total 2008 segment revenues derived from operations outside of the United States and from U.S. export sales. Changes in local and
regional economic conditions, including fluctuations in exchange rates, may affect product demand and reported profits in our non-U.S. operations (primarily the commercial businesses) where transactions are generally denominated in local currencies.
In addition, currency 

11 

Table of Contents

fluctuations may affect the prices we pay suppliers for materials used in our products. As a result, our operating margins may also be negatively impacted by
worldwide currency fluctuations that result in higher costs for cross border transactions. Our financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars. Accordingly, fluctuations in exchange rates may also give rise to translation gains or losses when
financial statements of non-U.S. operating units are translated into U.S. dollars. Given that the majority of our revenues are non-U.S. based, a strengthening of the U.S. dollar against other major foreign currencies could adversely affect our
results of operations. 

The majority of sales in the aerospace businesses is transacted in U.S. dollars, consistent with established
industry practice, while the majority of costs at locations outside the United States is incurred in the applicable local currency (principally the Euro and the Canadian dollar). For operating units with U.S. dollar sales and local currency costs,
there is a foreign currency exposure that could impact our results of operations depending on market changes in the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar against the applicable foreign currencies. To manage certain exposures, we employ long-term hedging
strategies associated with U.S. dollar revenues. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our 2008 Annual Report for a discussion of our hedging strategies. 

Our international sales and operations are subject to risks associated with changes in local government laws, regulations and policies, including those related to tariffs and trade barriers, investments, taxation,
exchange controls, employment regulations, and repatriation of earnings. Our international sales and operations are also sensitive to changes in foreign national priorities, including government budgets, as well as to political and economic
instability. International transactions may involve increased financial and legal risks due to differing legal systems and customs in foreign countries. For example, as a condition of sale or award of a contract, some international customers require
us to agree to offset arrangements, which may include in-country purchases, manufacturing and financial support arrangements. The contract may provide for penalties in the event we fail to perform in accordance with the offset requirements. In
addition, as part of our globalization strategy, we have invested in certain countries, including Argentina, Brazil, China, India, Russia and South Africa that carry high levels of currency, political and economic risk. 

While these factors or the impact of these factors are difficult to predict, any one or more of them could adversely affect our business, financial
condition or operating results. 

We Use a Variety of Raw Materials, Supplier-Provided Parts, Components, Sub-Systems and Third Party Contract
Manufacturing Services in Our Businesses, and Significant Shortages, Supplier Capacity Constraints, Supplier Production Disruptions or Price Increases Could Increase Our Operating Costs and Adversely Impact the Competitive Positions of Our Products

Our reliance on suppliers, third party contract manufacturing and commodity markets to secure raw materials, parts, components and
sub-systems used in our products exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of these materials. In some instances, we depend upon a single source of supply, manufacturing or assembly or participate in commodity markets that may be
subject to allocations of limited supplies by suppliers. A disruption in deliveries from our suppliers or third party contract manufacturers, supplier capacity constraints, supplier and third party contract manufacturer production disruptions, price
increases, or decreased availability of raw materials or commodities, could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments to customers or increase our operating costs. We believe that our supply management and production practices
are based on an appropriate balancing of the foreseeable risks and the costs of alternative practices. Nonetheless, price increases, supplier capacity constraints, supplier production disruptions or the unavailability of some raw materials may have
an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

We Engage in Acquisitions, and May Encounter Difficulties Integrating
Acquired Businesses with Our Current Operations; Therefore, We May Not Realize the Anticipated Benefits of the Acquisitions 

We seek
to grow through strategic acquisitions. In the past several years, we have made various acquisitions and entered into joint venture arrangements intended to complement and expand our businesses, and may continue to do so in the future. The success
of these transactions will depend on our ability to integrate assets and personnel acquired in these transactions, apply our internal controls processes to these acquired businesses, and cooperate with our strategic partners. We may encounter
difficulties in integrating acquisitions with our operations, applying our internal controls processes to these acquisitions, or in managing strategic investments. Furthermore, we may not realize the degree or timing of benefits we anticipate when
we first enter into a transaction. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, the recent effectiveness of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 141 (revised 2007), “Business
Combinations,” which, among other things, requires companies to expense certain acquisition costs as incurred, may cause us to incur greater earnings volatility and generally lower earnings during periods in which we acquire new businesses.

12 

Table of Contents

We Design, Manufacture and Service Products that Incorporate Advanced Technologies; The Introduction of New
Products and Technologies Involves Risks and We May Not Realize the Degree or Timing of Benefits Initially Anticipated 

We seek to
achieve growth through the design, development, production, sale and support of innovative products that incorporate advanced technologies. We regularly invest substantial amounts in research and development efforts that pursue advancements in a
wide range of technologies, products and services. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of these advancements depends on a variety of factors, including meeting development, production, certification and regulatory approval schedules;
execution of internal and external performance plans; availability of internal and supplier-produced parts and materials; performance of suppliers and subcontractors; achieving cost and production efficiencies, validation of innovative technologies
and the level of customer interest in new technologies and products. These factors involve significant risks and uncertainties. We may encounter difficulties in developing and producing these new products and services, and may not realize the degree
or timing of benefits initially anticipated. In particular, we cannot predict with certainty whether, when and in what quantities Pratt & Whitney or its affiliates will produce aircraft engines currently in development or pending required
certifications. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We Are Subject to Litigation and Legal
Compliance Risks That Could Adversely Affect Our Operating Results 

We are subject to a variety of litigation and legal compliance
risks. These risks include, among other things, litigation concerning product liability matters, personal injuries, intellectual property rights, government contracts, taxes, environmental matters and compliance with U.S. and foreign export laws,
competition laws and sales and trading practices. We or one of our business units could be charged with wrongdoing as a result of such litigation. If convicted or found liable, we could be subject to fines, penalties, repayments, other damages (in
certain cases, treble damages), or suspension or debarment from government contracts. Independently, failure of us or one of our business units to comply with applicable export and trade practice laws could result in civil or criminal penalties and
suspension or termination of export privileges. While we believe we have adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs to address and reduce these risks, the global and diverse nature of our operations means that these risks will
continue to exist and additional legal proceedings and contingencies will arise from time to time. Our results may be affected by the outcome of legal proceedings and other contingencies that cannot be predicted with certainty. For non-income tax
risks, we estimate material loss contingencies and establish reserves as required by generally accepted accounting principles based on our assessment of contingencies where liability is deemed probable and reasonably estimable in light of the facts
and circumstances known to us at a particular point in time. Subsequent developments in legal proceedings may affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingency recorded as a liability or as a reserve against assets in our financial
statements and could result in an adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which a liability would be recognized or cash flows for the period in which damages would be paid. For a description of current legal proceedings, see
Part I, Item 3, “Legal Proceedings,” in this Form 10-K. For income tax risks, we recognize tax benefits based on our assessment that a tax benefit has a greater than 50% likelihood of being sustained upon ultimate settlement with the
applicable taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant facts. For those income tax positions where we assess that there is not a greater than 50% likelihood that such tax benefit will be sustained, we do not recognize a tax benefit in
our financial statements. Subsequent events may cause us to change our assessment of the likelihood of sustaining a previously-recognized benefit which could result in an adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which such event
occurs or on our cash flows in the period in which the ultimate settlement with the applicable taxing authority occurs. 

13 

Table of Contents