Our business, financial
condition, operating results and cash flows can be impacted by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, those set forth below, any one of which could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated
future results. For a discussion identifying additional risk factors and important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated, see the discussion in the “Business” section under the headings
“Other Matters Relating to Our Business as a Whole” and “Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results” in this Form 10-K and in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations” and “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in our 2010 Annual Report. 

Our Global Growth Is Subject to
a Number of Economic Risks 

The global economy, which experienced a significant downturn throughout 2008 and 2009, including
widespread recessionary conditions, record levels of unemployment, significant distress of financial institutions, extreme volatility in security prices, severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, rating downgrades of certain investments
and declining valuations of others, began showing signs of gradual improvement in 2010. However, while some economic indicators trended positively, the overall rate of global recovery experienced during the course of 2010 has been uneven and
uncertainty continues to exist over the stability of the recovery. Global gross domestic product growth in 2010 was led by emerging markets. In the developed economies, particularly in Europe, where the recovery is sluggish, the unwinding of fiscal
stimuli and lingering high unemployment have encouraged the use of expansionary monetary policies to sustain economic recoveries. Although consumer confidence in the U.S. has improved since the economic downturn, it still remains low, while
unemployment remains high and the housing market remains depressed. There can be 

10 

Table of Contents

no assurance that any of the recent economic improvements will be broad based and sustainable, or that they will enhance conditions in markets relevant to us. Further, there can be no assurance
that we will not experience further adverse effects that may be material to our cash flows, competitive position, financial condition, results of operations, or our ability to access capital. While these economic developments have not impaired our
ability to access credit markets and finance our operations to date, there can be no assurance that there will not be a further deterioration in financial markets and confidence in major economies. These economic developments affect businesses such
as ours in a number of ways. The tightening of credit in financial markets adversely affects the ability of our customers and suppliers to obtain financing for significant purchases and operations and could result in a decrease in or cancellation of
orders for our products and services as well as impact the ability of our customers to make payments. Similarly, this tightening of credit may adversely affect our supplier base and increase the potential for one or more of our suppliers to
experience financial distress or bankruptcy. Our global business is also adversely affected by decreases in the general level of economic activity, such as decreases in business and consumer spending, air travel, construction activity, the financial
strength of airline customers and business jet operators, and government procurement. Strengthening of the rate of exchange for the U.S. Dollar against certain major currencies such as the Euro, the Canadian Dollar and other currencies also
adversely affects our results. 

Our Financial Performance Is Dependent on the Conditions of the Construction and Aerospace Industries

The results of our commercial and industrial businesses, which generated approximately 57% of our consolidated net sales in
2010, are influenced by a number of external factors including fluctuations in residential and commercial construction activity, regulatory changes, interest rates, labor costs, foreign currency exchange rates, customer attrition, raw material and
energy costs, the tightening of the U.S. credit markets and other global and political factors. A slowdown in building and remodeling activity can adversely impact Carrier’s business. In addition to these factors, Carrier’s financial
performance can also be influenced by production and utilization of transport equipment and, in its residential business, weather conditions. 

The results of our commercial and military aerospace businesses, which generated approximately 43% of our consolidated net sales in 2010, are directly tied to the economic conditions in the commercial aviation and
defense industries, which are cyclical in nature. Although the operating environment currently faced by commercial airlines has shown signs of gradual improvement in 2010, uncertainty continues to exist. As a result, financial difficulties,
including bankruptcy, of one or more of the major commercial airlines could result in significant cancellations of orders, reductions in our aerospace sales and losses under existing contracts. In addition, capital spending and demand for aircraft
engine and component aftermarket parts and service by commercial airlines, aircraft operators and aircraft manufacturers are influenced by a wide variety of factors, including current and predicted traffic levels, load factors, aircraft fuel
pricing, labor issues, worldwide airline profits, airline consolidation, competition, the retirement of older aircraft, regulatory changes, terrorism and related safety concerns, general economic conditions, corporate profitability, and backlog
levels, all of which could reduce both the demand for air travel and the aftermarket sales and margins of our aerospace businesses. Future terrorist actions or pandemic health issues could dramatically reduce both the demand for air travel and our
aerospace businesses aftermarket sales and margins. Also, since a substantial portion of the backlog for commercial aerospace customers is scheduled for delivery beyond 2011, changes in economic conditions may cause customers to request that firm
orders be rescheduled or canceled. At times, our aerospace businesses also enter into firm fixed-price development contracts, which may require us to bear cost overruns related to unforeseen technical and design challenges that arise during the
development stage of the program. In addition, our aerospace businesses face intense competition from domestic and foreign manufacturers of new equipment and spare parts. The defense industry is also affected by a changing global political
environment, continued pressure on U.S. and global defense spending and U.S. foreign policy and the level of activity in military flight operations. Spare parts sales and aftermarket service trends are affected by similar factors, including usage,
pricing, technological improvements, regulatory changes and the retirement of older aircraft. Furthermore, because of the lengthy research and development cycle involved in bringing products in these business segments to market, we cannot predict
the economic conditions that will exist when any new product is complete. A reduction in capital spending in the commercial aviation or defense industries could have a significant effect on the demand for our products, which could have a material
adverse effect on our cash flows, competitive position, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our Business May Be Affected by Government
Contracting Risks 

U.S. government contracts are subject to termination by the government, either for the convenience of the
government or for default as a result of our failure to perform under the applicable contract. If terminated by the government as a result of our default, we could be liable for additional costs the government incurs in acquiring undelivered goods
or services from another source and any other damages it suffers. We are now, and believe that in light of the current U.S. government contracting environment we will continue to be, the subject of one or more U.S. government investigations relating
to certain of our U.S. government contracts. If we or one of our business units were charged with wrongdoing as a result of any U.S. government investigation (including violation of certain environmental or export laws), the U.S. government could
suspend us from bidding on or receiving awards of new U.S. government contracts pending the completion of legal proceedings. If convicted or found liable, the U.S. government could subject us to fines, penalties, repayments and treble and other
damages. The U.S. government could void any contracts found to be tainted by fraud. The U.S. government also reserves the right to debar a contractor from receiving new government contracts for fraudulent, criminal or other seriously improper
conduct. Debarment generally does not exceed three years. Independently, failure to comply with U.S. laws and regulations related to the export of goods and technology outside the United States could result in civil or criminal penalties and
suspension or termination of our export privileges. In addition, we are also sensitive to U.S. military budgets, which may fluctuate to reflect the policies of a new administration or Congress. 

11 

Table of Contents

Our International Operations Subject Us to Economic Risk As Our Results of Operations May Be Adversely Affected
by Changes in Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Economic Conditions and Changes in Local Government Regulation 

We conduct our
business on a global basis, with approximately 60% of our total 2010 segment sales derived from international operations, including U.S. export sales. Changes in local and regional economic conditions, including fluctuations in exchange rates, may
affect product demand and reported profits in our non-U.S. operations (primarily the commercial businesses) where transactions are generally denominated in local currencies. In addition, currency fluctuations may affect the prices we pay suppliers
for materials used in our products. As a result, our operating margins may also be negatively impacted by worldwide currency fluctuations that result in higher costs for certain cross border transactions. Our financial statements are denominated in
U.S. dollars. Accordingly, fluctuations in exchange rates may also give rise to translation gains or losses when financial statements of non-U.S. operating units are translated into U.S. dollars. Given that the majority of our sales are non-U.S.
based, a strengthening of the U.S. dollar against other major foreign currencies could adversely affect our results of operations. 

The
majority of sales in the aerospace businesses are transacted in U.S. dollars, consistent with established industry practice, while the majority of costs at locations outside the United States are incurred in the applicable local currency
(principally the Euro and the Canadian dollar). For operating units with U.S. dollar sales and local currency costs, there is a foreign currency exposure that could impact our results of operations depending on market changes in the exchange rate of
the U.S. dollar against the applicable foreign currencies. To manage certain exposures, we employ long-term hedging strategies associated with U.S. dollar sales. See Note 1 and Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our 2010 Annual
Report for a discussion of our hedging strategies. 

Our international sales and operations are subject to risks associated with changes
in local government laws, regulations and policies, including those related to tariffs and trade barriers, investments, taxation, exchange controls, capital controls, employment regulations, and repatriation of earnings. Our international sales and
operations are also sensitive to changes in foreign national priorities, including government budgets, as well as to political and economic instability. International transactions may involve increased financial and legal risks due to differing
legal systems and customs in foreign countries. For example, as a condition of sale or award of a contract, some international customers require us to agree to offset arrangements, which may include in-country purchases, manufacturing and financial
support arrangements. The contract may provide for penalties in the event we fail to perform in accordance with the offset requirements. 

In addition, as part of our globalization strategy, we have invested in certain countries, including Argentina, Brazil, China, India, Mexico,
Russia, South Africa and countries in the Middle East, that carry high levels of currency, political and economic risk. We expect that sales to emerging markets will continue to account for a significant portion of our sales as our business evolves
and as these and other developing nations and regions around the world increase their demand for our products. Emerging market operations can present many risks, including civil disturbances, health concerns, cultural differences, such as employment
and business practices, volatility in gross domestic product, economic and government instability, and the imposition of exchange controls and capital controls. While these factors and their impact are difficult to predict, any one or more of them
could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, competitive position, financial condition or results of operations. 

We Use a Variety of
Raw Materials, Supplier-Provided Parts, Components, Sub-Systems and Third Party Contract Manufacturing Services in Our Businesses, and Significant Shortages, Supplier Capacity Constraints, Supplier Production Disruptions or Price Increases Could
Increase Our Operating Costs and Adversely Impact the Competitive Positions of Our Products 

Our reliance on suppliers, third
party contract manufacturing and commodity markets to secure raw materials, parts, components and sub-systems used in our products exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of these materials. In many instances, we depend upon a single
source of supply, manufacturing or assembly or participate in commodity markets that may be subject to allocations of limited supplies by suppliers. A disruption in deliveries from our suppliers or third party contract manufacturers, supplier
capacity constraints, supplier and third party contract manufacturer production disruptions, closing or bankruptcy of our suppliers, price increases, or decreased availability of raw materials or commodities, could have a material adverse effect on
our ability to meet our commitments to customers or increase our operating costs. We believe that our supply management and production practices are based on an appropriate balancing of the foreseeable risks and the costs of alternative practices.
Nonetheless, price increases, supplier capacity constraints, supplier production disruptions or the unavailability of some raw materials may have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, competitive position, financial condition or results of
operations. 

12 

Table of Contents

We Engage in Acquisitions and Divestitures, and May Encounter Difficulties Integrating Acquired Businesses with,
or Disposing of Divested Businesses from, Our Current Operations; Therefore, We May Not Realize the Anticipated Benefits of these Acquisitions and Divestitures 

We seek to grow through strategic acquisitions, in addition to internal growth. In the past several years, we have made various acquisitions and have entered into joint venture arrangements intended to complement
and expand our businesses, and may continue to do so in the future. The success of these transactions will depend on our ability to integrate assets and personnel acquired in connection with these transactions, apply our internal controls processes
to these acquired businesses, and cooperate with our strategic partners. However, our due diligence reviews may not identify all of the material issues necessary to accurately estimate the cost and potential loss contingencies of a particular
transaction, including potential exposure to regulatory sanctions resulting from an acquisition target’s previous activities. We may incur unanticipated costs or expenses, including post-closing asset impairment charges, expenses associated
with eliminating duplicate facilities, litigation, and other liabilities. We also may encounter difficulties in integrating acquisitions with our operations, applying our internal controls processes to these acquisitions, or in managing strategic
investments. Additionally, we may not realize the degree or timing of benefits we anticipate when we first enter into a transaction. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, accounting
requirements relating to business combinations, including the requirement to expense certain acquisition costs as incurred, may cause us to incur greater earnings volatility and generally lower earnings during periods in which we acquire new
businesses. Furthermore, we make strategic divestitures from time to time. These divestitures may result in continued financial involvement in the divested businesses, such as through guarantees or other financial arrangements, following the
transaction. Under these arrangements, nonperformance by those divested businesses could result in obligations imposed on us and could affect our future financial results. 

We Design, Manufacture and Service Products that Incorporate Advanced Technologies; The Introduction of New Products and Technologies Involves Risks and We May Not Realize the Degree or Timing of Benefits
Initially Anticipated 

We seek to achieve growth through the design, development, production, sale and support of innovative
products that incorporate advanced technologies. The product, program and service needs of our customers change and evolve regularly, and we invest substantial amounts in research and development efforts that pursue advancements in a wide range of
technologies, products and services. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of these advancements depends on a variety of factors, including meeting development, production, certification and regulatory approval schedules; execution of
internal and external performance plans; availability of supplier- and internally-produced parts and materials; performance of suppliers and subcontractors; hiring and training of qualified personnel; achieving cost and production efficiencies;
identification of emerging technological trends in our target end-markets; validation of innovative technologies; the level of customer interest in new technologies and products, and customer acceptance of our products and products that incorporate
technologies we develop. These factors involve significant risks and uncertainties. Any development efforts divert resources from other potential investments in our businesses, and these efforts may not lead to the development of new technologies or
products on a timely basis or meet the needs of our customers as fully as competitive offerings. In addition, the markets for our products or products that incorporate our technologies may not develop or grow as we currently anticipate. We or our
suppliers and subcontractors may encounter difficulties in developing and producing these new products and services, and may not realize the degree or timing of benefits initially anticipated. Due to the design complexity of our products, we may in
the future experience delays in completing the development and introduction of new products. Any delays could result in increased development costs or deflect resources from other projects. In particular, we cannot predict with certainty whether,
when and in what quantities our aerospace businesses will produce and sell aircraft engines, helicopters, aircraft systems and components and other products currently in development or pending required certifications. Our contracts are typically
awarded on a competitive basis. Our bids are based upon, among other items, the cost to provide the services. To generate an acceptable return on our investment in these contracts we must be able to accurately estimate our costs to provide the
services required by the contract and to be able to complete the contracts in a timely manner. If we fail to accurately estimate our costs or the time required to complete a contract, the profitability of our contracts may be materially and
adversely affected. Some of our contracts provide for liquidated damages in the event that we are unable to perform and deliver in accordance with the contractual specifications and schedule. Furthermore, we cannot be sure that our competitors will
not develop competing technologies which gain market acceptance in advance of our products. The possibility exists that our competitors might develop new technology or offerings that might cause our existing technology and offerings to become
obsolete. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse affect on our cash flows, competitive position, financial condition or results of operations. 

We Are Subject to Litigation, Tax, Environmental and Other Legal Compliance Risks 

We
are subject to a variety of litigation, tax and legal compliance risks. These risks include, among other things, possible liability relating to product liability matters, personal injuries, intellectual property rights, government contracts, taxes,
environmental matters and compliance with U.S. and foreign export laws, competition laws and laws governing improper business practices. We or one of our business units could be charged with wrongdoing as a result of such matters. If convicted or
found liable, we could be subject to significant fines, penalties, repayments, other damages (in certain cases, treble damages), or suspension or debarment from government contracts. Independently, failure of us or one of our business units to
comply with applicable export and trade practice laws could result in civil or criminal penalties and suspension or termination of export privileges. As a global business, we are subject to complex laws and regulations in the U.S. and other
countries in which we operate. Those laws and regulations may be interpreted in different ways. They may also change from time to time, as may related interpretations and other guidance. Changes in laws or regulations could result in higher expenses
and payments, and uncertainty relating to laws or regulations may also affect how we conduct our operations and structure our investments and could limit our ability to enforce our rights. Changes in environmental and climate change laws or
regulations, including laws relating to greenhouse gas emissions, could lead to new or additional investment in product designs and could increase environmental compliance expenditures. Changes in climate change concerns, or in the regulation of
such concerns, including greenhouse gas emissions, could subject us to additional costs and restrictions, including increased energy and raw materials costs. 

13 

Table of Contents

In the area of taxes, changes in tax laws and regulations, as well as changes in related
interpretations and other tax guidance could materially impact our tax receivables and liabilities and our deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. Additionally, in the ordinary course of business we are subject to examinations by various
authorities, including tax authorities. In addition to ongoing investigations, there could be additional investigations launched in the future by governmental authorities in various jurisdictions and existing investigations could be expanded. The
global and diverse nature of our operations means that these risks will continue to exist and additional legal proceedings and contingencies will arise from time to time. Our results may be affected by the outcome of legal proceedings and other
contingencies that cannot be predicted with certainty. 

For non-income tax risks, we estimate material loss contingencies and establish
reserves as required by generally accepted accounting principles based on our assessment of contingencies where liability is deemed probable and reasonably estimable in light of the facts and circumstances known to us at a particular point in time.
Subsequent developments in legal proceedings may affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingency recorded as a liability or as a reserve against assets in our financial statements and could result in an adverse effect on our results of
operations in the period in which a liability would be recognized or cash flows for the period in which damages would be paid. For a description of current legal proceedings, see Part I, Item 3 “Legal Proceedings,” in this Form 10-K.
For income tax risks, we recognize tax benefits based on our assessment that a tax benefit has a greater than 50% likelihood of being sustained upon ultimate settlement with the applicable taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant
facts. For those income tax positions where we assess that there is not a greater than 50% likelihood that such tax benefits will be sustained, we do not recognize a tax benefit in our financial statements. Subsequent events may cause us to change
our assessment of the likelihood of sustaining a previously-recognized benefit which could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations in the period in which such event occurs or on our cash flows in the
period in which the ultimate settlement with the applicable taxing authority occurs. 

We May Be Unable to Realize Expected Benefits From Our Cost
Reduction and Restructuring Efforts and Our Profitability May Be Hurt or Our Business Otherwise Might Be Adversely Affected 

In
order to operate more efficiently and control costs, we announce from time to time restructuring plans, which include workforce reductions as well as global facility consolidations and other cost reduction initiatives. These plans are intended to
generate operating expense savings through direct and indirect overhead expense reductions as well as other savings. We may undertake further workforce reductions or restructuring actions in the future. These types of cost reduction and
restructuring activities are complex. If we do not successfully manage our current restructuring activities, or any other restructuring activities that we may undertake in the future, expected efficiencies and benefits might be delayed or not
realized, and our operations and business could be disrupted. Risks associated with these actions and other workforce management issues include delays in implementation of anticipated workforce reductions, additional unexpected costs, changes in
restructuring plans that increase or decrease the number of employees affected, adverse effects on employee morale and the failure to meet operational targets due to the loss of employees, any of which may impair our ability to achieve anticipated
costs reductions or may otherwise harm our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, competitive position, financial condition or results of operations. 

We Depend On Our Intellectual Property, and Infringement or Failure to Protect Intellectual Property Could Adversely Affect Our Future Growth and Success 

We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and nondisclosure agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual
property. Our efforts to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights may not be sufficient. We cannot be sure that our pending patent applications will result in the issuance of patents to us, that patents issued to or licensed by us in
the past or in the future will not be challenged or circumvented by competitors, or that these patents will be found to be valid or sufficiently broad to preclude our competitors from introducing technologies similar to those covered by our patents
and patent applications. In addition, our ability to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights may be limited in certain countries outside the United States, which could make it easier for competitors to capture market position in such
countries by utilizing technologies that are similar to those developed or licensed by us. 

Any of these events or factors could
diminish or cause us to lose the competitive advantages associated with our intellectual property, subject us to judgments, penalties and significant litigation costs, and/or temporarily or permanently disrupt our sales and marketing of the affected
products or services.