Our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows can be
impacted by a number of factors, including, but not limited to those set forth below, any one of which could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results. For a discussion identifying
additional risk factors and important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated, see the discussion in “Other Matters Relating to Our Business as a Whole” and “Cautionary Note Concerning
Factors That May Affect Future Results” in this Form 10-K and in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in our 2006
Annual Report. 

Our Financial Performance Is Dependent on the Conditions of the Aerospace and Construction Industries 

The results of our commercial and military aerospace businesses, which generated 37 percent of our revenues in 2006, are directly tied to the economic
conditions in the commercial aviation and defense industries. The aviation industry is cyclical, and capital spending by airlines and aircraft manufacturers may be influenced by a wide variety of factors, including current and predicted traffic
levels, load factors, aircraft fuel pricing, labor issues, competition, the retirement of older aircraft, regulatory changes, terrorism and related safety concerns, general economic conditions, worldwide airline profits and backlog levels. Also,
since a substantial portion of the backlog for commercial aerospace customers is scheduled for delivery beyond 2007, changes in economic conditions may cause customers to request that firm orders be rescheduled or canceled. In addition, our
aerospace businesses face intense competition from domestic and foreign manufacturers of new equipment and spare parts. The defense industry is also affected by a changing global political environment, continued pressure on U.S. and global defense
spending and U.S. foreign policy and the level of activity in military flight operations. Spare parts sales and aftermarket service trends are affected by similar factors, including usage, pricing, regulatory changes, the retirement of older
aircraft and technological improvements to new engines that increase reliability. Furthermore, because of the lengthy research and development cycle involved in bringing products in these business segments to market, we cannot predict the economic
conditions that will exist when any new product is complete. A reduction in capital spending in the aviation or defense industries could have a significant effect on the demand for our products, which could have an adverse effect on our financial
performance or results of operations. 

The results of our commercial and industrial businesses, which generated 63 percent of our revenues
in 2006, are influenced by a number of external factors including fluctuations in residential and commercial construction activity, interest rates, labor costs, foreign currency exchange rates, customer attrition, raw material and energy costs and
other global and political factors. In addition to these factors, Carrier’s financial performance can also be influenced by production and utilization of transport equipment and, in its residential business, weather conditions. 

Our Business May Be Affected by Government Contracting Risks 

U.S. government contracts are subject to termination by the government, either for the convenience of the government or for default as a result of our failure to perform under the applicable contract. If terminated by
the government as a result of our default, we could be liable for additional costs the government incurs in acquiring undelivered goods or services from another source and any other damages it suffers. We are now, and believe that in light of the
current U.S. government contracting environment we will continue to be, the subject of one or more U.S. government investigations. If we or one of our business units were charged with wrongdoing as a result of any U.S. government investigations
(including violation of certain environmental or export laws), the U.S. government could suspend us from bidding on or receiving awards of new U.S. government contracts pending the completion of legal proceedings. If convicted or found liable, the
U.S. government could subject us to fines, penalties, repayments and treble and other damages. The U.S. government could void any contracts found to be tainted by fraud. The U.S. government also reserves the right to debar a contractor from
receiving new government contracts for fraudulent, criminal or other seriously improper conduct. Debarment generally does not exceed three years. Independently, failure to comply with U.S. laws and regulations related to the export of goods and
technology outside the U.S. could result in civil or criminal penalties and suspension or termination of our export privileges. 

- 8 - 

Table of Contents

Our International Operations Subject Us to Economic Risk As Our Results of Operations May Be Adversely Affected by
Foreign Currency Fluctuations and Changes in Local Government Regulation 

We conduct our business on a global basis, with 60 percent
of our total 2006 segment revenues derived from operations outside of the United States and from U.S. export sales. Fluctuations in exchange rates may affect product demand in export markets and affect reported profits of our non-U.S. operations
(primarily the commercial businesses) where transactions are generally denominated in local currencies. In addition, currency fluctuations may affect the prices we pay suppliers for materials used in our products. Our financial statements are
denominated in U.S. dollars. Accordingly, fluctuations in exchange rates may also give rise to translation gains or losses when financial statements on non-U.S. operating units are translated into U.S. dollars. Given that the majority of our
revenues are non-U.S. based, a strengthening of the U.S. dollar against other major foreign currencies could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our international sales and operations are subject to risks associated with changes in local government laws, regulations and policies, including those related to tariffs and trade barriers, investments, taxation,
exchange controls, employment regulations, and repatriation of earnings. Our international sales and operations are also sensitive to changes in foreign national priorities, including government budgets, as well as to political and economic
instability. International transactions may involve increased financial and legal risks due to differing legal systems and customs in foreign countries. For example, as a condition of sale or award of a contract, some international customers require
us to agree to offset arrangements, which may include in-country purchases, manufacturing and financial support arrangements. The contract may provide for penalties in the event we fail to perform in accordance with the offset requirements. In
addition, as part of our globalization strategy, we have invested in certain countries, including Argentina, Brazil, China, India, Russia and South Africa, that carry high levels of currency, political and economic risk. While these factors or the
impact of these factors are difficult to predict, any one or more of them could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. 

We Use a Variety of Raw Materials, Supplier Provided Parts, Components, Sub-Systems and Third Party Contract Manufacturing Services in Our Businesses, and Significant Shortages, Supplier Capacity Constraints, Supplier Production
Disruptions or Price Increases Could Increase Our Operating Costs and Adversely Impact the Competitive Positions of Our Products 

Our reliance on suppliers, third party contract manufacturing and commodity markets to secure raw materials, parts, components and sub-systems used in our products exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of these materials.
In some instances, we depend upon a single source of supply, manufacturing or assembly or participate in commodity markets that may be subject to allocations by suppliers. A disruption in deliveries from our suppliers or third party contract
manufacturers, supplier capacity constraints, supplier and third party contract manufacturer production disruptions, price increases, or decreased availability of raw materials or commodities, could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our
commitments to customers or increase our operating costs. We believe that our supply management and production practices are based on an appropriate balancing of the foreseeable risks and the costs of alternative practices. Nonetheless, price
increases, supplier capacity constraints, supplier production disruptions or the unavailability of some raw materials may have an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

We Engage in Acquisitions, and May Encounter Difficulties Integrating Acquired Businesses with Our Current Operations; Therefore, We May Not Realize the
Anticipated Benefits of the Acquisitions 

We seek to grow through strategic acquisitions. In the past several years, we have made
various acquisitions and entered into joint venture arrangements intended to complement and expand our businesses, and may continue to do so in the future. The success of these transactions will depend on our ability to integrate assets and
personnel acquired in these transactions, apply our internal controls processes to these acquired businesses, and cooperate with our strategic partners. We may encounter difficulties in integrating acquisitions with our operations, and in managing
strategic investments. Furthermore, we may not realize the degree, or timing, of benefits we anticipate when we first enter into a transaction. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

- 9 - 

Table of Contents

We Design, Manufacture and Service Products that Incorporate Advanced Technologies; The Introduction of New
Products and Technologies Involves Risks and We May Not Realize the Degree or Timing of Benefits Initially Anticipated 

We seek to
achieve growth through the design, development, production, sale and support of innovative products that incorporate advanced technologies. We regularly invest substantial amounts in research and development efforts that pursue advancements in a
wide range of technologies, products and services. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of these advancements depends on a variety of factors, including meeting development, production, certification and regulatory approval schedules;
execution of internal and external performance plans; availability of internal and supplier produced parts and materials; performance of suppliers and subcontractors; achieving cost and production efficiencies and validation of innovative
technologies. These factors involve significant risks and uncertainties. We may encounter difficulties in developing and producing these new products and services, and may not realize the degree or timing of benefits initially anticipated. In
particular, we cannot predict with certainty whether, when and in what quantities Pratt & Whitney or its affiliates will produce aircraft engines currently in development or pending required certifications. Any of the foregoing could
adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We Are Subject to Litigation and Legal Compliance Risks That Could Adversely Affect Our
Operating Results 

We are subject to a variety of litigation and legal compliance risks. These risks include, among other things,
litigation concerning product liability matters, personal injuries, intellectual property rights, government contracts, taxes, environmental matters, compliance with competition laws and sales and trading practices. While we believe we have adopted
appropriate risk management and compliance programs to address and reduce these risks, the global and diverse nature of our operations means that these risks will continue to exist and additional legal proceedings and contingencies will arise from
time to time. Our results may be affected by the outcome of legal proceedings and other contingencies that cannot be predicted with certainty. As required by generally accepted accounting principles, we estimate material loss contingencies and
establish reserves based on our assessment of contingencies where liability is deemed probable and reasonably estimable in light of the facts and circumstances known to us at a particular point in time. Subsequent developments in legal proceedings
may affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingency recorded as a liability or as a reserve against assets in our financial statements and could result in an adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which a liability
would be recognized or cash flows for the period in which damages would be paid. For a description of current legal proceedings, see Item 3 “Legal Proceedings” in this Form 10-K. 

- 10 - 

Table of Contents