Our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows can be impacted by the factors set forth below, any one of which could cause our
actual results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results. 

Our Global Growth Is Subject to a Number of
Economic Risks. 

Over the past few years, market and economic conditions in the U.S. and globally have been highly challenging
with tighter credit conditions and slower economic growth. The U.S. economy has experienced a recession and faces continued concerns about the systemic impacts of adverse economic conditions such as the growing U.S. deficit, high energy costs,
geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of credit, and an unstable real estate market. In 2012, the global economy improved as compared to 2011 and continued to show signs of a gradual recovery from the significant downturn of 2008 and 2009
when the global economy experienced widespread recessionary conditions, record levels of unemployment, significant distress of financial institutions, extreme volatility in security prices, severely diminished liquidity and credit availability,
rating downgrades of certain investments and declining valuations of others. However, despite positive economic indicators seen since the beginning of 2011, uncertainty continues to exist as to the overall rate and stability of the recovery. Despite
a recent slowdown in growth rates in China and other emerging economies, global gross domestic product growth continues to be led by emerging markets, particularly Brazil, Russia, India and China. In the developed economies, particularly in Europe,
recovery remains uncertain due to persistent high unemployment in the U.S. and Europe, a slow recovery of the U.S. and European housing markets, government budget reduction plans, the unwinding of fiscal stimuli, and concerns over the continuing
European sovereign debt crisis. Further disruptions in Europe or in other economies could affect our sales or liquidity. 

Although
consumer confidence in the U.S. has improved since the economic downturn, it still remains low, while, as mentioned above, unemployment remains high and the housing market remains depressed. There can be no assurance that any of the recent economic
improvements will be broad-based and sustainable, or that they will enhance conditions in markets relevant to us. Further, there can be no assurance that we will not experience further adverse effects that may be material to our cash flows,
competitive position, financial condition, results of operations, or our ability to access capital. While these economic developments have not impaired our ability to access credit markets and finance our operations to date, there can be no
assurance that there will not be a further deterioration in financial markets and confidence in major economies. These economic developments affect businesses such as ours in a number of ways. The tightening of credit in financial markets adversely
affects the ability of our customers and suppliers to obtain financing for significant purchases and operations and could result in a decrease in or cancellation of orders for our products and services as well as impact the ability of our customers
to make payments. Similarly, this tightening of credit may adversely affect our supplier base and increase the potential for one or more of our suppliers to experience financial distress or bankruptcy. Our global business is also adversely affected
by decreases in the general level of economic activity, such as decreases in business and consumer spending, air travel, construction activity, the financial strength of airlines and business jet operators, and government procurement. Strengthening
of the rate of exchange for the U.S. Dollar against certain major currencies such as the Euro, the Canadian Dollar and other currencies also adversely affects our results, as the majority of our sales are non-U.S. based. 

12 

Table of Contents

Our Financial Performance Is Dependent on the Conditions of the Construction and Aerospace Industries.

The results of our commercial and industrial businesses, which generated approximately 51 percent of our consolidated sales in
2012, are influenced by a number of external factors including fluctuations in residential and commercial construction activity, regulatory changes, interest rates, labor costs, foreign currency exchange rates, customer attrition, raw material and
energy costs, the tightening of global credit markets and other global and political factors. For example, a slowdown in building and remodeling activity can adversely affect the financial performance of Otis and UTC Climate, Controls &
Security. In addition, the financial performance of UTC Climate, Controls & Security can also be influenced by production and utilization of transport equipment and, particularly in its residential business, weather conditions. 

The results of our commercial and military aerospace businesses, which generated approximately 49 percent of our consolidated sales in 2012, are
directly tied to the economic conditions in the commercial aviation and defense industries, which are cyclical in nature. Although the operating environment currently faced by commercial airlines has shown signs of gradual improvement since 2011,
uncertainty continues to exist. As a result, financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, of one or more of the major commercial airlines could result in significant cancellations of orders, reductions in our aerospace sales and losses under
existing contracts. In addition, capital spending and demand for aircraft engines, aerospace products and component aftermarket parts and service by commercial airlines, aircraft operators and aircraft manufacturers are influenced by a wide variety
of factors, including current and predicted traffic levels, load factors, aircraft fuel pricing, labor issues, worldwide airline profits, airline consolidation, competition, the retirement of older aircraft, regulatory changes, terrorism and related
safety concerns, general economic conditions, corporate profitability, and backlog levels, all of which could also reduce the aftermarket sales and margins of our aerospace businesses. Other factors, including future terrorist actions, pandemic
health issues or major natural disasters could also dramatically reduce both the demand for air travel, which could negatively impact the aftermarket sales and margins of our aerospace businesses. Additionally, because a substantial portion of the
backlog for commercial aerospace customers is scheduled for delivery beyond 2013, changes in economic conditions may cause customers to request that firm orders be rescheduled or canceled. At times, our aerospace businesses also enter into firm
fixed-price development contracts, which may require us to bear cost overruns related to unforeseen technical and design challenges that arise during the development stage of the program. In addition, our aerospace businesses face intense
competition from domestic and foreign manufacturers of new equipment and spare parts. The defense industry is also affected by a changing global political environment, continued pressure on U.S. and global defense spending and U.S. foreign policy
and the level of activity in military flight operations. Spare parts sales and aftermarket service trends are affected by similar factors, including usage, pricing, technological improvements, regulatory changes and the retirement of older aircraft.
Furthermore, because of the lengthy research and development cycle involved in bringing products in these business segments to market, we cannot predict the economic conditions that will exist when any new product is complete. A reduction in capital
spending in the commercial aviation or defense industries could have a significant effect on the demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial
condition. 

Our Business May Be Affected by Government Contracting Risks. 

U.S. Government contracts are subject to termination by the government, either for the convenience of the government or for default as a result of
our failure to perform under the applicable contract. If terminated by the government as a result of our default, we could be liable for additional costs the government incurs in acquiring undelivered goods or services from another source and any
other damages it suffers. We are now, and believe that in light of the current U.S. Government contracting environment we will continue to be, the subject of one or more U.S. Government investigations relating to certain of our U.S. Government
contracts. If we or one of our business units were charged with wrongdoing as a result of any U.S. Government investigation (including violation of certain environmental or export laws, as further described below), the U.S. Government could suspend
us from bidding on or receiving awards of new U.S. Government contracts pending the completion of legal proceedings. If convicted or found liable, the U.S. Government could subject us to fines, penalties, repayments and treble and other damages, and
bar us from bidding on or receiving new awards of U.S. Government contracts. The U.S. Government could void any contracts found to be tainted by fraud. The U.S. Government also reserves the right to debar a contractor from receiving new government
contracts for fraudulent, criminal or other seriously improper conduct. Debarment generally does not exceed three years. 

We are also
sensitive to U.S. military budgets, which may be impacted by numerous economic and political factors and which may fluctuate based on the policies of the current administration or Congress. In addition, the specific government programs in which we
participate, or in which we may seek to participate in the future, compete with other programs for consideration during the budget formulation and appropriation processes. One or more of the programs that we currently support could be phased-out or
terminated. Reductions in these existing programs, unless offset by other programs and opportunities, could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

Our International Operations Subject Us to Economic Risk As Our Results of Operations May Be Adversely Affected by Changes in Foreign Currency Fluctuations,
Economic Conditions and Changes in Local Government Regulation. 

We conduct our business on a global basis, with approximately 60
percent of our 2012 consolidated sales derived from international operations, including U.S. export sales. Changes in local and regional economic conditions, including fluctuations in exchange rates, may affect product demand and reported profits in
our non-U.S. operations (primarily the commercial businesses), where transactions are generally denominated in local currencies. In addition, currency fluctuations may affect the prices we pay

13 

Table of Contents

suppliers for materials used in our products. As a result, our operating margins may also be negatively impacted by worldwide currency fluctuations that result in higher costs for certain cross
border transactions. Our financial statements are denominated in U.S. Dollars. Accordingly, fluctuations in exchange rates may also give rise to translation gains or losses when financial statements of non-U.S. operating units are translated into
U.S. Dollars. Given that the majority of our sales are non-U.S. based, a strengthening of the U.S. Dollar against other major foreign currencies could adversely affect our results of operations. 

The majority of sales in the aerospace businesses are transacted in U.S. Dollars, consistent with established industry practice, while the majority
of costs at locations outside the U.S. are incurred in the applicable local currency (principally the Euro, the Canadian Dollar, and the Polish Zloty). For operating units with U.S. Dollar sales and local currency costs, there is foreign
currency exposure that could impact our results of operations depending on market changes in the exchange rate of the U.S. Dollar against the applicable foreign currencies. To manage certain exposures, we employ long-term hedging strategies
associated with U.S. Dollar sales. See Note 1 and Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our 2012 Annual Report for a discussion of our hedging strategies. 

Our international sales and operations are subject to risks associated with changes in local government laws, regulations and policies, including those related to tariffs and trade barriers, investments, taxation,
exchange controls, capital controls, employment regulations, and repatriation of earnings. Our international sales and operations are also sensitive to changes in foreign national priorities, including government budgets, as well as to political and
economic instability. International transactions may involve increased financial and legal risks due to differing legal systems and customs in foreign countries. For example, as a condition of sale or award of a contract, some international
customers require us to agree to offset arrangements, which may include in-country purchases, manufacturing and financial support arrangements. The contract may provide for penalties in the event we fail to perform in accordance with the offset
requirements. 

In addition, as part of our globalization strategy, we have invested in certain countries, including Argentina, Brazil,
China, India, Mexico, Russia, South Africa and countries in the Middle East, that carry high levels of currency, political and economic risk. We expect that sales to emerging markets will continue to account for a significant portion of our sales as
our business evolves and as these and other developing nations and regions around the world increase their demand for our products. Emerging market operations can present many risks, including cultural differences (such as employment and business
practices), volatility in gross domestic product, economic and government instability, and the imposition of exchange controls and capital controls. While these factors and their impact are difficult to predict, any one or more of them could have a
material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

We Use a Variety of Raw Materials,
Supplier-Provided Parts, Components, Sub-Systems and Third Party Contract Manufacturing Services in Our Businesses, and Significant Shortages, Supplier Capacity Constraints, Supplier Production Disruptions or Price Increases Could Increase Our
Operating Costs and Adversely Impact the Competitive Positions of Our Products. 

Our reliance on suppliers, third party contract
manufacturing and commodity markets to secure raw materials, parts, components and sub-systems used in our products exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of these materials. In many instances, we depend upon a single source of
supply, manufacturing or assembly or participate in commodity markets that may be subject to allocations of limited supplies by suppliers. A disruption in deliveries from our suppliers or third party contract manufacturers, supplier capacity
constraints, supplier and third party contract manufacturer production disruptions, closing or bankruptcy of our suppliers, price increases, or decreased availability of raw materials or commodities, could have a material adverse effect on our
ability to meet our commitments to customers or increase our operating costs. We believe that our supply management and production practices are based on an appropriate balancing of the foreseeable risks and the costs of alternative practices.
Nonetheless, price increases, supplier capacity constraints, supplier production disruptions or the unavailability of some raw materials may have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial
condition. 

We Engage in Acquisitions and Divestitures, and May Encounter Difficulties Integrating Acquired Businesses with, or Disposing of
Divested Businesses from, Our Current Operations; Therefore, We May Not Realize the Anticipated Benefits of these Acquisitions and Divestitures. 

        We seek to grow through strategic acquisitions in addition to internal growth. In the past several years, we have
made various acquisitions and have entered into joint venture arrangements intended to complement and expand our businesses, and expect to do so in the future. For example, on June 29, 2012, Pratt & Whitney acquired Rolls-Royce’s
ownership and collaboration interests in IAE, and on July 26, 2012, we completed our acquisition of Goodrich. Further, on October 12, 2011 Pratt & Whitney and Rolls-Royce announced an agreement, subject to regulatory approval and
other closing conditions, to form a new joint venture to develop new engines to power the next generation of 120 to 230 passenger mid-size aircraft that will replace the existing fleet of mid-size aircraft currently in service or in development. Our
due diligence reviews may not identify all of the material issues necessary to accurately estimate the cost and potential loss contingencies of a particular transaction, including potential exposure to regulatory sanctions resulting from an
acquisition target’s previous activities. We may incur unanticipated costs or expenses, including post-closing asset impairment charges, expenses associated with eliminating duplicate facilities, litigation, and other liabilities. We also may
encounter difficulties in integrating acquisitions with our operations, applying our internal controls processes to these acquisitions, or in 

14 

Table of Contents

managing strategic investments. Additionally, we may not realize the degree or timing of benefits we anticipate when we first enter into a transaction. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect
our business and results of operations. In addition, accounting requirements relating to business combinations, including the requirement to expense certain acquisition costs as incurred, may cause us to incur greater earnings volatility and
generally lower earnings during periods in which we acquire new businesses. Furthermore, we make strategic divestitures from time to time. For example, on December 13, 2012, we completed the sale of the legacy Hamilton Sundstrand industrial
businesses to BC Partners and The Carlyle Group. Our divestitures may result in continued financial involvement in the divested businesses, such as through guarantees or other financial arrangements, following the transaction. Under these
arrangements, nonperformance by those divested businesses could result in obligations imposed on us and could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

The Acquired Goodrich Business May Underperform Relative to Our Expectations; The Transaction May Cause Our Financial Results to Differ From Our Expectations
or the Expectations of the Investment Community; We May Not Be Able to Achieve Anticipated Cost Savings or Other Anticipated Synergies. 

The success of the Goodrich acquisition will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated synergies, cost savings and growth opportunities from the integration of Goodrich with our existing
businesses. The integration process is complex, costly and time-consuming. The potential difficulties of integrating the operations of Goodrich and realizing our expectations for the acquisition include, among others: 

•

 failure to implement our business plan for the combined business; 

•

 unanticipated issues in integrating manufacturing, logistics, information, communications and other systems; 

•

 unanticipated changes in applicable laws and regulations; 

•

 operating risks inherent in the Goodrich business and our business; 

•

 retaining key customers, suppliers and employees; 

•

 retaining and obtaining required regulatory approvals, licenses and permits; 

•

 unanticipated changes in the combined business due to potential divestitures or other requirements imposed by antitrust regulators; and

•

 the impact on our internal controls and compliance with the regulatory requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Our Debt Has Increased As A Result of the Goodrich Acquisition and Will Increase if We Incur Additional Debt in the Future and Do Not Retire Existing Debt.

We have outstanding debt and other financial obligations and significant unused borrowing capacity. We have incurred substantial
additional debt as a result of the Goodrich acquisition. As of December 31, 2012, we had approximately $23.2 billion of total debt on a consolidated basis. Our debt level and related debt service obligations could have negative consequences,
including, among others: 

•

 requiring us to dedicate significant cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, which would reduce the funds we have
available for other purposes, such as acquisitions; 

•

 reducing our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and market conditions; and 

•

 exposing us to interest rate risk since a portion of our debt obligations are at variable rates. 

We may incur significantly more debt in the future. If we add new debt and do not retire existing debt, the risks described above could increase.

Our global and domestic revolving credit facilities impose restrictions on us, including certain restrictions on our ability to incur
liens on our assets. Our revolving credit facilities are available for general corporate purposes. There are currently no amounts outstanding under these credit facilities. Our long-term debt obligations include covenants that may adversely affect
our ability to incur certain secured indebtedness or engage in certain types of sale and leaseback transactions. Our ability to comply with these restrictions and covenants may be affected by events beyond our control. If we breach any of these
restrictions or covenants and do not obtain a waiver from the lenders, then, subject to applicable cure periods, our outstanding indebtedness could be declared immediately due and payable. 

15 

Table of Contents

We Design, Manufacture and Service Products that Incorporate Advanced Technologies; The Introduction of New
Products and Technologies Involves Risks and We May Not Realize the Degree or Timing of Benefits Initially Anticipated. 

We seek
to achieve growth through the design, development, production, sale and support of innovative products that incorporate advanced technologies. The product, program and service needs of our customers change and evolve regularly, and we invest
substantial amounts in research and development efforts to pursue advancements in a wide range of technologies, products and services. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of these advancements depends on a variety of factors, including
meeting development, production, certification and regulatory approval schedules; execution of internal and external performance plans; availability of supplier- and internally-produced parts and materials; performance of suppliers and
subcontractors; hiring and training of qualified personnel; achieving cost and production efficiencies; identification of emerging technological trends in our target end-markets; validation of innovative technologies; the level of customer interest
in new technologies and products; and customer acceptance of our products and products that incorporate technologies we develop. For example, certain of our aerospace products are incorporated into larger systems and end products manufactured by our
customers. These systems and end products may incorporate additional advanced technologies manufactured by third parties that involve additional risks and uncertainties. As a result, the performance and market acceptance of these larger systems and
end products could affect the level of customer interest and acceptance of our own products in the marketplace. 

Any development efforts
divert resources from other potential investments in our businesses, and these efforts may not lead to the development of new technologies or products on a timely basis or meet the needs of our customers as fully as competitive offerings. In
addition, the markets for our products or products that incorporate our technologies may not develop or grow as we anticipate. We, or our customers, suppliers or subcontractors may encounter difficulties in developing and producing new products and
services, and may not realize the degree or timing of benefits initially anticipated or may otherwise suffer significant adverse financial consequences. Due to the design complexity of our products, we may in the future experience delays in
completing the development and introduction of new products. Any delays could result in increased development costs or deflect resources from other projects. In particular, we cannot predict with certainty whether, when and in what quantities our
aerospace businesses will produce and sell aircraft engines, helicopters, aircraft systems and components and other products currently in development or pending required certifications. Our contracts are typically awarded on a competitive basis. Our
bids are based upon, among other items, the cost to provide the products and services. To generate an acceptable return on our investment in these contracts, we must be able to accurately estimate our costs to provide the services required by the
contract and to be able to complete the contracts in a timely manner. If we fail to accurately estimate our costs or the time required to complete a contract, the profitability of our contracts may be materially and adversely affected. Some of our
contracts provide for liquidated damages in the event that we are unable to perform and deliver in accordance with the contractual specifications and schedule. Furthermore, we cannot be sure that our competitors will not develop competing
technologies which gain market acceptance in advance of or instead of our products. The possibility exists that our competitors might develop new technology or offerings that might cause our existing technology and offerings to become obsolete. Any
of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

Exports of Certain of Our Products Are Subject to Various Export Control Regulations and May Require a License From the U.S. Department of State, the U.S.
Department of Commerce or the U.S. Department of the Treasury. 

As an exporter, we must comply with various laws and regulations
relating to the export of products, services and technology from the U.S. and other countries having jurisdiction over our operations. In the U.S., these laws include, among others, the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (EAR) administered by
the U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) administered by the U.S. Department of State, Directorate of Defense Trade Controls (DTCC), and trade sanctions, regulations and
embargoes administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control. Certain of our products have military or strategic applications and are on the munitions list of the ITAR, or represent so-called “dual use” items
governed by the EAR. As a result, these products require individual validated licenses in order to be exported to certain jurisdictions. Any failures to comply with these laws and regulations could result in civil or criminal penalties, fines,
investigations, adverse publicity and restrictions on our ability to export our products, and repeat failures could carry more significant penalties. As previously disclosed, on June 28, 2012 we entered into a consent agreement with the DTCC
and a deferred prosecution agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice regarding separate but related export licensing compliance violations, both of which impose significant continuing obligations. Any changes in export regulations may further
restrict the export of our products. The length of time required by the licensing processes can vary, potentially delaying the shipment of products and the recognition of the corresponding revenue. Any restrictions on the export of our products or
product lines could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

We Are
Subject to Litigation, Tax, Environmental and Other Legal Compliance Risks. 

We are subject to a variety of litigation, tax and
other legal compliance risks. These risks include, among other things, possible liability relating to product liability matters, personal injuries, intellectual property rights, contract-related claims, government contracts, taxes, environmental
matters and compliance with U.S. and foreign laws, competition laws and laws governing improper business practices. We or one of our business units could be charged with wrongdoing as a result of such matters. If convicted or found liable, we could
be subject to significant fines, penalties, repayments or other damages (in certain cases, treble damages). As a global business, we are subject to complex laws and regulations in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate. Those laws and
regulations may be interpreted in different ways. They may also change from time to time, as may related interpretations and other guidance. Changes in laws or regulations could result in higher expenses and payments, and uncertainty relating to
laws or regulations may also affect how we conduct our operations and structure our investments and could limit our ability to enforce our rights. Changes in environmental and climate change laws or regulations, including laws relating to greenhouse
gas emissions, could lead to 

16 

Table of Contents

new or additional investment in product designs and could increase environmental compliance expenditures. Changes in climate change concerns, or in the regulation of such concerns, including
greenhouse gas emissions, could subject us to additional costs and restrictions, including increased energy and raw materials costs. 

In
the area of taxes, changes in tax laws and regulations, as well as changes in related interpretations and other tax guidance could materially impact our tax receivables and liabilities and our deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities.
Additionally, in the ordinary course of business we are subject to examinations by various authorities, including tax authorities. In addition to ongoing investigations, there could be additional investigations launched in the future by governmental
authorities in various jurisdictions, and existing investigations could be expanded. The global and diverse nature of our operations means that these risks will continue to exist and additional legal proceedings and contingencies will arise from
time to time. Our results may be affected by the outcome of legal proceedings and other contingencies that cannot be predicted with certainty. 

For non-income tax risks, we estimate material loss contingencies and establish reserves as required by generally accepted accounting principles based on our assessment of contingencies where liability is deemed
probable and reasonably estimable in light of the facts and circumstances known to us at a particular point in time. Subsequent developments in legal proceedings may affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingency recorded as a liability
or as a reserve against assets in our financial statements and could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which a liability would be recognized or cash flows for the period in which damages would be paid.
For a description of current legal proceedings, see Part I, Item 3 “Legal Proceedings,” in this Form 10-K. For income tax risks, we recognize tax benefits based on our assessment that a tax benefit has a greater than 50 percent
likelihood of being sustained upon ultimate settlement with the applicable taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant facts. For those income tax positions where we assess that there is not a greater than 50 percent likelihood that
such tax benefits will be sustained, we do not recognize a tax benefit in our financial statements. Subsequent events may cause us to change our assessment of the likelihood of sustaining a previously-recognized benefit which could result in a
material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations in the period in which any such event occurs or on our cash flows in the period in which the ultimate settlement with the applicable taxing authority occurs. 

In addition, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws in non-U.S. jurisdictions generally prohibit
companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA applies to companies, individual directors, officers, employees and agents. Under the FCPA, U.S.
companies may be held liable for actions taken by strategic or local partners or representatives. The FCPA also imposes accounting standards and requirements on publicly traded U.S. corporations and their foreign affiliates, which are intended to
prevent the diversion of corporate funds to the payment of bribes and other improper payments. Certain of our customer relationships outside of the U.S. are with governmental entities and are therefore subject to such anti-bribery laws. Our policies
mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws. Despite meaningful measures that we undertake to facilitate lawful conduct, which include training and internal control policies, these measures may not always prevent reckless or criminal acts by our
employees or agents. As a result, we could be subject to criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement, further changes or enhancements to our procedures, policies and controls, personnel changes or other remedial actions. Violations of these laws, or
allegations of such violations, could disrupt our operations, involve significant management distraction and result in a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

We May Be Unable to Realize Expected Benefits From Our Cost Reduction and Restructuring Efforts and Our Profitability May Be Hurt or Our Business Otherwise
Might Be Adversely Affected. 

In order to operate more efficiently and control costs, we announce from time to time restructuring
plans, which include workforce reductions as well as global facility consolidations and other cost reduction initiatives. These plans are intended to generate operating expense savings through direct and indirect overhead expense reductions as well
as other savings. We may undertake further workforce reductions or restructuring actions in the future. These types of cost reduction and restructuring activities are complex. If we do not successfully manage our current restructuring activities, or
any other restructuring activities that we may undertake in the future, expected efficiencies and benefits might be delayed or not realized, and our operations and business could be disrupted. Risks associated with these actions and other workforce
management issues include delays in implementation of anticipated workforce reductions, additional unexpected costs, changes in restructuring plans that increase or decrease the number of employees affected, adverse effects on employee morale and
the failure to meet operational targets due to the loss of employees, any of which may impair our ability to achieve anticipated cost reductions or may otherwise harm our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive
position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

17 

Table of Contents

Our Financial Performance May Be Adversely Affected By Information Technology and Other Business Disruptions.

Our business may be impacted by disruptions, including information technology attacks or failures, threats to physical security,
as well as damaging weather or other acts of nature, pandemics or other public health crises. Cybersecurity attacks, in particular, are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data,
and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. We have experienced cybersecurity attacks in the past and may
experience them in the future, potentially with more frequency. We believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology and our operations from these information technology-related and other potential
disruptions. However, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of such disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, other detrimental impacts on our operations or ability to provide
products and services to our customers, the compromising of confidential or otherwise protected information, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, other manipulation or improper use of our systems or networks, financial losses from
remedial actions, loss of business or potential liability, and/or damage to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

We Depend On Our Intellectual Property, and Have Access to Certain Intellectual Property and Information of Our Customers and Suppliers; Infringement or
Failure to Protect Our Intellectual Property Could Adversely Affect Our Future Growth and Success. 

We rely on a combination of
patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, nondisclosure agreements, information technology security systems and other measures to protect our proprietary intellectual property. We also rely on nondisclosure agreements, information technology
security systems and other measures to protect certain customer and supplier information and intellectual property that we have in our possession or to which we have access. Our efforts to protect intellectual property and proprietary rights may not
be sufficient. We cannot be sure that our pending patent applications will result in the issuance of patents to us, that patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future will not be challenged or circumvented by competitors, or that
these patents will be found to be valid or sufficiently broad to preclude our competitors from introducing technologies similar to those covered by our patents and patent applications. In addition, our ability to enforce and protect our intellectual
property rights may be limited in certain countries outside the U.S., which could have a negative impact on sales volume. We may also be subject to disruptions, losses and liability resulting from various cybersecurity attacks or information
technology failures, as described above. 

Any of these events or factors could diminish or cause us to lose the competitive advantages
associated with our intellectual property, subject us to judgments, penalties and significant litigation costs or temporarily or permanently disrupt our sales and marketing of the affected products or services. Any of the foregoing could have a
material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.