You should carefully
consider the following discussion of risks and the other information included
in this report in evaluating the Company and our business. The risks described
below are not the only ones facing the Company. Additional risks that we are
not presently aware of or that we currently believe are immaterial may also
impair our business operations.

We
receive from Televisa a significant amount of our network programming and we
are engaged in litigation with Televisa.

We receive substantial amounts of programming for our
three networks from Televisa, S.A. de C.V., pursuant to a Second Amended
and Restated Programming License Agreement dated as of December 19, 2001
(the “PLA”), and a separate letter agreement of the same date granting us
rights to rebroadcast Televisa's feeds of certain Mexican League soccer games
(the “Soccer Agreement”). The programming we receive under the PLA and the
Soccer Agreement account for a majority of our prime time programming and a
substantial portion of the overall programming on all three networks. In May
2005, Televisa filed a lawsuit against us, alleging certain breaches of the PLA
and the Soccer Agreement, as well as violations of Televisa's copyrights in
certain programs. In August 2005, we answered Televisa's First Amended
Complaint and asserted several Counterclaims against Televisa and its parent
company, Grupo Televisa, S.A., for breaches of the PLA, the Soccer Agreement,
and other agreements between our companies. Televisa filed a motion to dismiss
certain of our counterclaims; that motion was denied by the Court on November 17,
2005. Thereafter, Televisa and Grupo Televisa filed their Answer to our
Counterclaims. In that document, they asserted a number of affirmative defenses
to our claims against them, and added, for the first time, an assertion that we
were in material breach of the PLA and the Soccer Agreement. On February 16,
2006, Televisa and Grupo Televisa served a purported notice of material
breaches under the PLA and the Soccer Agreement. On March 2, 2006, we
responded to Televisa’s purported notice of material breaches. In our response,
we asserted that the notice was procedurally defective and that Televisa’s
breach claims were not, in any event, well-founded.

We do not believe that we
are in breach of these agreements at all and certainly not in material breach.
We have paid certain amounts sued for under protest and have filed or will file
counterclaims to recover such amounts. The PLA provides for cure periods of 90
days for material monetary breaches and 180 days for material non-monetary
breaches. We intend to defend the litigation and pursue our counterclaims
vigorously. If the Company were held to be in material breach and unable to
effect a timely cure, Televisa could elect to terminate the PLA. (See Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements—“10. Contingencies.”)

17

Cancellations
or reductions of advertising could reduce our revenues.

We have in the past derived, and we expect to continue
to derive, a significant amount of our revenues from advertisers. Other than
some television network advertising that is presold on an annual basis, we
generally have not obtained, and we do not expect to obtain, long-term
commitments from advertisers. Therefore, advertisers generally may cancel, reduce or postpone
orders without penalty. Cancellations, reductions or delays in purchases of
advertising could, and often do, occur as a result of a strike; a general
economic downturn; an economic downturn in one or more industries or in one or
more geographic areas; changes in population, demographics, audience tastes and
other factors beyond our control; or a failure to agree on contractual terms.
In addition, major incidents of terrorism, war, natural disasters or similar
events may require us to program without any advertising, which in turn would
reduce our revenues and results of operations.

In addition, our stations
compete for audiences and advertising directly with other television and radio
stations and the competitive climate can change rapidly and unpredictably in
any particular geographic market. Other television and radio stations may
change their formats or programming, a new station may adopt a format to
compete directly with one or more of our stations, or stations might engage in
aggressive promotional campaigns. As a result of this competition, our
stations’ audience ratings, market shares and advertising revenues may decline
and any adverse change in a particular market could have a material adverse
effect on the revenue of our stations located in that market and on the results
of operations of our business as a whole.

Because
the U.S. Hispanic population is concentrated geographically, our results of
operations are sensitive to the economic conditions in particular markets and
negative events in those markets could reduce our revenues.

Approximately 33% of all
U.S. Hispanics live in the Los Angeles, New York and Miami-Fort Lauderdale
markets and the top ten U.S. Hispanic markets collectively account for
approximately 56% of the U.S. Hispanic population. Our revenues are similarly
concentrated in these key markets. As a result, an economic downturn, increased
competition, or another significant negative event in these markets could
reduce our revenues and results of operations more dramatically than other
companies that do not depend as much on these markets.

We
must successfully respond to rapid changes in technology, services and
standards to remain competitive.

Technology in the video, telecommunications, radio,
music and data services used in the entertainment and Internet industries is
changing rapidly. Advances in technologies or alternative methods of product
delivery or storage or certain changes in consumer behavior driven by these or
other technologies and methods of delivery and storage could have a negative
effect on our businesses. Examples of such advances in technologies include
video-on-demand, satellite radio, new video formats and downloading from the
Internet. For example, devices that allow users to view or listen to television
or radio programs on a time-delayed basis and technologies, which enable users
to fast-forward or skip advertisements, such as DVRs and portable digital
devices, may cause changes in consumer behavior that could affect the
attractiveness of our offerings to advertisers and could, therefore, adversely
affect our revenues. In addition, further increases in the use of portable
digital devices which allow users to view or listen to content of their own
choosing, in their own time, while avoiding traditional commercial
advertisements, could adversely affect our radio and television broadcasting
advertising revenues. Other cable providers and direct-to-home satellite
operators are developing new techniques that allow them to transmit more
channels on their existing equipment to highly targeted audiences, reducing the
cost of creating channels and potentially leading to the division of the
television marketplace into more specialized niche audiences. More television
options increase competition for viewers and competitors 

18

targeting
programming to narrowly defined audiences may gain an advantage over us for
television advertising and subscription revenues. The ability to anticipate and
adapt to changes in technology on a timely basis and exploit new sources of
revenue from these changes will affect our ability to continue to grow and
increase our revenue.

Our
voting structure could delay or prevent us from being acquired and could
prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium for their shares of common
stock.

Mr.  A. Jerrold Perenchio beneficially owns all of our outstanding Class P
common stock, which gives him ten votes per share compared to the one vote per
share of all of our other capital stock. As of December 31, 2005, and
assuming no exercise of options or warrants, Mr. Perenchio controlled
approximately 61% of the voting power of the Class A and P common stock
(which vote together to elect all of our directors except two) and
approximately 58% of our overall voting power. Therefore, Mr. Perenchio
has control over all matters submitted to our stockholders for vote (subject to
certain matters that require supermajority board approvals and subject to class
voting required by law), including election of directors, proxy contests,
mergers and other transactions that could give our stockholders the opportunity
to realize a premium over the then prevailing market price for their shares of
common stock. In addition, if either of our Class T and Class V
Directors votes against a merger, consolidation, reorganization or sale of
substantially all of our assets or liquidation, we will not be permitted to enter
into such a transaction unless the transaction is approved by a majority of our
Board and 60% of our shares outstanding (treating all shares as having a single
vote for these purposes). Further, in such a transaction not resulting in a
change in control, a vote of a Class T or Class V Director will be
required if the powers, rights and privileges of the holders of the Class T
and/or Class V common stock would be adversely affected.

Because
our television stations rely on “must carry” rights to obtain cable carriage,
new laws or regulations that eliminate or limit the scope of these rights or
failures could significantly reduce our ability to obtain cable carriage and
therefore revenues.

Pursuant to the “must carry” provisions of the Cable
Television Consumer Protection and Competition Act of 1992, television
broadcast stations may elect to require that a cable operator carry its signal
if the cable operator is located in the same market as the broadcast station.
However, in such cases the broadcast station cannot demand compensation from
the cable operator. Such mandatory carriage is commonly referred to as “must-carry.”
The future of “must carry” rights is uncertain, especially as they relate to
the carriage of digital television. Under the current FCC rules, must-carry
rights extend to digital television signals only in limited circumstances. While
proposed legislation to broaden such rights has been proposed, we cannot
predict whether such legislation will be adopted or the details of any
legislation that may be adopted. Our full-power television stations often rely
on “must-carry” rights to obtain cable carriage on specific cable systems. New
laws or regulations that eliminate or limit the scope of these cable carriage
rights could significantly reduce our ability to obtain cable carriage, which
would reduce our ability to distribute our programming and consequently our
ability to generate revenues from advertising.

In addition, a number of
entities have commenced operation, or announced plans to commence operation of
internet protocol video systems, using digital subscriber line (“DSL”), fiber
optic to the home (“FTTH”) and other distribution technologies. The issue of
whether those services are subject to the existing cable television
regulations, including must-carry obligations, has not been resolved. There are
proposals in Congress and at the FCC to resolve this issue. We cannot predict
whether must-carry rights will cover such IPTV systems. In the event IPTV
systems gain a significant share of the video distribution marketplace, and new
laws and regulations fail to provide adequate must-carry rights, our ability to
distribute our programming to the maximum number of potential viewers will be
limited and consequently our revenue potential will be limited.

19

We
may need to allocate significant amounts of our cash flow to make payments on
our indebtedness, which in turn could reduce our financial flexibility and
ability to fund other activities.

At December 31,
2005, we had total debt, including capital lease obligations of approximately
$1.5 billion, including $314.0 million drawn under our revolving
credit facility, which expires July 18, 2006. Although we are negotiating
a new bank credit facility and expect to enter into a new credit agreement in
the first quarter of 2006, we cannot assure you that we will have a new
facility in place in a timely manner or on terms acceptable to us. See
“Item 7 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources.” Our capital lease
obligations and outstanding amounts under our current credit facility could
have important consequences depending on our financial needs. For example,
because it could require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow
from operations to payments on our indebtedness, the indebtedness could:

·
       reduce
the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital
expenditures, acquisitions, investments and other general corporate purposes;

·
       limit
our flexibility in planning for or reacting to downturns or fluctuations in our
business; and

·
       require us to seek
alternative sources of debt or equity financing.

Failure  to properly manage our rapid growth could
distract our management or waste our resources.

In general, we may
continue to grow rapidly and this strategy could involve numerous risks,
including the risk that certain acquisitions may prove unprofitable or fail to
generate anticipated cash flows. In addition, our growth strategy could result
in a strain on our infrastructure and internal systems or require us to recruit
additional senior management. We may not be able to fully realize the benefits
expected from cross-promotion between our television, radio, music and Internet
business. Failure to effectively integrate newly-acquired companies or
newly-entered businesses could undermine the potential benefits intended by
acquisitions or entry into new businesses, could distract our management or
could require us to unexpectedly allocate substantial resources (financial and
otherwise) to the integration efforts.

Many
of our competitors have greater resources and are more diversified than we are.

There has been
consolidation in the media industry and our competitors include market
participants with interests in multiple media businesses which are often
vertically integrated and/or are part of large diversified corporate groups
with a variety of other operations that can provide stable sources of earnings
that may allow them better to offset fluctuations in the financial performance
of their media operations. In addition, these competitors may have more
resources with which to compete for ideas, storylines and scripts created by
third parties as well as for actors, musicians, directors and other personnel
required for production. The resources of these competitors may also give them
an advantage in acquiring other businesses or assets that we might also be
interested in acquiring.

We
have a significant amount of goodwill and other intangible assets and we may
never realize the full value of our intangible assets.

Goodwill and intangible
assets totaled approximately $6.5 billion at December 31, 2005, primarily
attributable to acquisitions in the past three years. At least annually, the
Company tests its goodwill and intangible assets for impairment. Impairment may
result from, among other things, deterioration in our performance, adverse
market conditions, adverse changes in applicable laws and regulations,
including changes that restrict the activities of or affect the products or
services sold by our businesses and a variety of other factors. The amount of
any quantified impairment must be expensed immediately as a charge to
operations. Depending on future circumstances, we may never realize the full
value of our intangible 

20

assets. Any
future determination of impairment of a significant portion of our goodwill and
other intangibles would have an adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of operations.

We
cannot assure you that the decision to explore strategic alternatives will
successfully result in a transaction.

We announced on February 8, 2006 that our Board
of Directors has decided to begin a process to explore strategic alternatives
to enhance shareholder value. As previously announced, Univision intends to
explore strategic alternatives, including but not limited to the raising of
capital through the sale of securities or assets of the Company, a
recapitalization, strategic acquisitions, and the combination, sale or merger
of the Company with another entity. The process to explore strategic
alternatives is subject to a number of uncertainties, both within and outside
of our control, including those related to prevailing market conditions. As a
result, we cannot assure you that the process will successfully result in a
transaction or, if it does, that it would occur within a specified time period.
We do not intend to disclose developments with respect to the exploration of
strategic alternatives unless and until our Board of Directors has approved a
specific transaction.

If the
exploration of strategic alternatives does result in a transaction, we are
unable to predict what the market prices of our Class A Common Stock would
be after announcement of the transaction. We cannot assure you that if the
exploration of strategic alternatives results in a transaction, it will produce
any increase for our stockholders in the market value of their holdings in our
company. In addition, the market prices of our Class A Common Stock could
be highly volatile for several months as we explore strategic alternatives and
may continue to be more volatile if and when a transaction is announced or we
announce that we are no longer exploring strategic alternatives.