Regulatory Risks 

Regulations that prohibit us from requiring our customers to use only our network may decrease the number of transactions we process, materially and adversely
affecting our financial condition, revenues, results of operations, prospects for future growth and overall business. 

We have
agreements with some issuers under which they agree to issue certain payment cards that use only the Visa network or receive incentives if they do so. In addition, certain issuers of some debit products choose to include only the Visa network. We
refer to these various practices as network exclusivity. In addition, certain network or issuer rules or practices may be interpreted as limiting the routing options of merchants when multiple debit networks co-reside on Visa debit cards. Increased
regulatory scrutiny in the United States has already resulted in laws that will limit our and issuers’ ability to impose rules for, or choose various forms of, network exclusivity and preferred routing in the debit area. See—The U.S.
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act may have a material adverse impact on our revenues, our prospects for future growth and our overall business. These restrictions and future regulations like them in the United States and elsewhere
have the potential to cause a material decrease in the number of transactions we process. In order to retain that transaction volume, we might have to reduce the fees we charge to issuers or acquirers, or we might have to increase the payments and
other incentives we provide to issuers or acquirers or directly to merchants. Any of these eventualities could have a material, adverse affect on our financial condition, revenues, results of operations, prospects for future growth and overall
business. 

Interchange reimbursement fees and related practices have been receiving significant legal and regulatory scrutiny worldwide, and the
resulting regulations may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, revenues, results of operations, prospects for future growth and overall business. 

Interchange represents a transfer of value between the financial institutions participating in a payments network such as ours. In connection with transactions initiated with cards in our payments system,
interchange reimbursement fees are typically paid to issuers, the financial institutions that issue Visa cards to cardholders. They are typically paid by acquirers, the financial institutions that offer Visa network connectivity and payments
acceptance services to merchants. We refer to a system like ours, in which a payment network intermediates between the issuer and the acquirer, as an open-loop system. 

19 

Table of Contents

We generally do not receive any portion of interchange reimbursement fees. They are, however, a factor
on which we compete with other payments providers and therefore an important determinant of the volume of transactions we process over our network. Consequently, changes to these fees can have a substantial impact on our revenues. We have
historically set default interchange reimbursement fees in the United States and other countries. However, in certain jurisdictions, interchange rates and related practices are subject to increased government regulation. Increased regulatory
scrutiny in the United States has already resulted in limitations on our ability to establish default interchange rates in the debit area. See—The U.S. Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act may have a material adverse impact on our
revenues, our prospects for future growth and our overall business. In addition, interchange rates have become subject to increased scrutiny elsewhere, and regulatory authorities and central banks in a number of jurisdictions have reviewed or
are reviewing them. These include Australia, Canada, Brazil and South Africa. 

If we cannot set default interchange rates at optimal
levels, issuers and acquirers may find our payments system unattractive. This could materially lower overall transaction volumes. It could also materially increase the attraction of closed-loop payments systems—those with direct connections to
both merchants and consumers—and other forms of payment. In addition, issuers could begin to charge higher fees to consumers. This would make our card programs less desirable and reduce our transaction volumes and profitability. Acquirers could
elect to charge higher discount rates to merchants, regardless of the level of Visa interchange, leading merchants not to accept cards for payment or to steer Visa cardholders to alternate payment systems. In addition, issuers and acquirers could
attempt to decrease the expense of their card programs by seeking incentives from us or a reduction in the fees that we charge. Any of the foregoing could have a substantial, adverse impact on our financial condition, revenues, results of
operations, prospects for future growth and overall business. 

The U.S. Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act may have a material, adverse
effect on our financial condition, revenues, results of operations, prospects for future growth and overall business. 

The Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act recently enacted in the United States includes provisions that will regulate the selection of payment networks by issuers and the routing of debit transactions by retailers. This may result in the routing of
debit transactions onto competing networks, potentially reducing the processing fees we earn on debit transactions. 

The legislation
also establishes regulation and oversight by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board of debit interchange rates and certain other network industry practices. In addition, the Federal Reserve now has the power to regulate network fees to the extent necessary
to prevent evasion of the new rules on interchange rates. 

The act also created a new independent Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
within the Federal Reserve System. The bureau will assume responsibility for most federal consumer protection laws in the area of financial services and will have new authorities with respect to consumer issues. The bureau’s actions may make
payment card transactions less attractive to card issuers. This could result in a reduction in our payments volume and revenues. 

The
new legislation may have a material, adverse impact on our financial condition, revenues, results of operations, prospects for future growth and overall business. Failure by our clients or by us successfully to adjust our strategies to compete in
the new environment would increase this impact. 

20 

Table of Contents

New regulations in one jurisdiction or of one product segment may lead to new regulations in other jurisdictions or
of other products. 

Regulators around the world increasingly look at each other’s approaches to the regulation of the payments
industry. Consequently, a development in any one country, state or region may influence regulatory approaches in other countries, states or regions. This includes the recent U.S. Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. Similarly, new laws
and regulations in a country, state or region involving one product segment may cause lawmakers there to extend the regulations to another product. For example, regulations like those affecting debit payments could eventually spread to regulate
credit. 

As a result, the risks created by any one new law or regulation are magnified by the potential they have to be replicated,
affecting our business in another place or involving another product segment. These include matters like interchange rates, network exclusivity and preferred routing agreements. Conversely, if widely varying regulations come into existence
worldwide, we may have difficulty adjusting our products, services, fees and other important aspects of our business, with the same effect. Either of these eventualities could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

Government actions may prevent us from competing effectively against providers of domestic payments services in certain
countries, materially and adversely affecting our ability to maintain or increase our revenues. 

Governments in certain countries
provide resources or protection to selected national payment card and processing providers. These governments may take this action in order to support these providers. They may also take this action to keep us from entering these countries, to force
us to leave, or to restrict substantially our activities there. For example, China, a significant emerging market, has increasingly tightened its rules requiring use of its payment system for domestic transactions. Additionally, governments in
certain countries are considering, or may consider, regulatory requirements that mandate processing of domestic payments entirely in that country. This would prevent us from utilizing our global processing capabilities for our clients. Our efforts
to effect change in these countries may not succeed. This could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase our revenues and extend our global brands. 

Regulation in the areas of consumer privacy and data use and security could decrease the number of payment cards issued, our payments volume and our revenues. 

Recently, privacy, data use and security have received heightened legislative and regulatory focus in the United States (at the federal and state
level) and in other countries. For example, in many jurisdictions consumers must be notified in the event of a data breach. These measures may materially increase our costs and our clients’ costs. They may also decrease the number of our cards
our clients issue. This would materially and adversely affect our profitability. In addition, our failure, or the failure of our clients, to comply with these laws and regulations could result in fines, sanctions, litigation and damage to our global
reputation and our brands. 

If government regulators determine that we are a “systemically important payments system,” we may have to
change our settlement procedures or other operations, making it costlier to operate our business and reducing our operational flexibility. 

A number of international initiatives are underway to maintain financial stability by strengthening financial infrastructure. The Committee on Payment and Settlement Systems of the central banks of the Group of Ten
countries has developed a set of core principles for “systemically important payment systems.” Government regulators in the United States or elsewhere may determine that we are a 

21 

Table of Contents

systemically important payments system and impose settlement risk-management requirements on us. These could include new settlement procedures or other operational rules to address credit and
operational risks. They could also include new criteria for member participation and merchant access to our payments system. Any of these developments could increase the cost of operating our business. 

Recent increased global regulatory focus on the payments industry may result in costly new compliance burdens on our clients and on us, leading to increased
costs and decreased payments volume and revenues. 

Regulation of the payments industry has increased significantly in recent years.
Examples include: 

•

 Anti-Money-Laundering Regulation. The U.S.A. PATRIOT Act and similar laws in other jurisdictions require us to maintain a comprehensive anti-money
laundering program; 

•

 U.S. Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation. Regulations imposed by the U.S. Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC, restrict us
from dealing with certain countries and parties considered to be connected with money laundering, terrorism or narcotics. Non-U.S. Visa International members may not be similarly restricted, so our payments system may be used for transactions in or
involving countries or parties subject to OFAC-administered sanctions, potentially subjecting us to penalties, reputational damage or loss of business; 

•

 Regulation of the Price of Credit. Many jurisdictions in which our cards are used have new or proposed regulations that could increase the costs of card
issuance or decrease the flexibility of card issuers to charge interest rates and fees on credit card accounts. These include the Credit CARD Act and proposed regulations under it. They also include proposed changes to the Federal Truth in Lending
Act, which, if implemented along with regulations required to be promulgated under the Credit CARD Act, could result in a decrease in our payments volume and revenues; 

•

 Regulation of Internet Transactions. Proposed legislation in various jurisdictions may make it less desirable or more costly to complete Internet
transactions using our cards by affecting the legality of those transactions, the law that governs them, their taxation and the allocation of intellectual property rights; and 

•

 Safety and Soundness Regulation. Recent federal banking regulations may make some financial institutions less attracted to becoming an issuer of our
cards, because they may be subject to more conservative accounting procedures, increased risk management or higher capital requirements. 

Complying with these and other regulations may increase our costs. Similarly, the impact of such regulations on our clients may reduce the volume of payments we process. Moreover, such regulations could limit the
types of products and services that we offer, the countries in which our cards are used and the types of cardholders and merchants who can obtain or accept our cards. Any of these occurrences could materially and adversely affect our business,
prospects for future growth, financial condition and results of operations. 

Litigation Risks 

A finding of liability in the interchange litigation may result in substantial damages. 

Since 2005, approximately 55 class actions and individual complaints have been filed on behalf of merchants against us, MasterCard and/or other
defendants, including certain financial institutions that issue Visa-branded payment cards and acquire Visa-branded payment transactions in the U.S. We refer to this as the interchange litigation. Among other antitrust allegations, the plaintiffs
allege that 

22 

Table of Contents

Visa’s setting of default interchange rates violated federal and state antitrust laws. The lawsuits have been transferred to a multidistrict litigation in the U.S. District Court for the
Eastern District of New York. 

The plaintiffs in the interchange litigation seek damages for alleged overcharges in merchant discount
fees as well as injunctive and other relief. The consolidated class action complaint alleges that the plaintiffs estimate that damages will range in the tens of billions of dollars. Because these lawsuits were brought under the U.S. federal
antitrust laws, any actual damages will be trebled, and we may be subject to joint and several liability among the defendants if liability is established. This could significantly magnify the effect of any adverse judgment. 

The interchange litigation is part of the covered litigation that our retrospective responsibility plan is intended to address. The retrospective
responsibility plan may not, however, adequately insulate us from the impact of settlements of, or judgments in, the interchange litigation. Failure to successfully defend or settle the interchange litigation would result in liability that, to the
extent not covered by our retrospective responsibility plan, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, or, in certain circumstances, even cause us to become insolvent. In addition, even if
our retrospective responsibility plan covered our direct financial exposure, settlements or judgments involving the multidistrict litigation could include restrictions on our ability to conduct business, which could increase our cost of doing
business and limit our prospects for future growth. See—Our retrospective responsibility plan may not adequately insulate us from the impact of settlements and judgments in the covered litigation and will not insulate us from other pending
or future litigation, and See 
Note 22—Legal Matters to our consolidated financial statements included in 
Item 8 in this report. 

Our retrospective responsibility plan may not adequately insulate us from the impact of settlements or final judgments. 

Our retrospective responsibility plan addresses monetary liabilities from settlements of, or final judgments in, the covered litigation, which is described in Note 22—Legal Matters to our consolidated
financial statements included in 
Item 8 of this report. The retrospective responsibility plan consists of several related mechanisms to fund settlements or judgments in the covered litigation. These include an escrow account funded with
a portion of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and potential subsequent offerings of our shares of class A common stock (or deposits of cash to the escrow account in lieu of such offerings), a loss-sharing agreement and a
judgment-sharing agreement. In addition, our U.S. members are obligated to indemnify us pursuant to Visa U.S.A.’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws and in accordance with their membership agreements. These mechanisms are unique and
complicated, and if we cannot use one or more of them, we could have difficulty funding the payment of a settlement or final judgment against us in a covered litigation. This could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows, or, in certain circumstances, even cause us to become insolvent. 

The retrospective responsibility plan
only addresses the covered litigation. The plan does not cover other pending litigation or any litigation that we may face in the future, except for cases that include claims for damages relating to the period prior to our initial public offering
that are transferred for pre-trial proceedings or otherwise included in the interchange litigation. In addition, our retrospective responsibility plan covers only the potential monetary liability from settlements of, or judgments in, the covered
litigation. Non-monetary settlement terms and judgments in the covered litigation may require us to modify the way we do business in the future. This could adversely affect our revenues, increase our expenses and/or limit our prospects for growth.
Therefore, even if our retrospective responsibility plan adequately safeguards us from the monetary impact of settlements of, and judgments in, the covered litigation, it may not insulate us from all potential adverse consequences of them.

23 

Table of Contents

If the settlements of our currency conversion cases do not become final and we are unsuccessful in any of the
various lawsuits relating to Visa U.S.A.’s and Visa International’s currency conversion practices, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 

Visa U.S.A. and Visa International are defendants in several state and federal lawsuits alleging that their currency conversion practices are or were deceptive, anti-competitive or otherwise unlawful. 

On July 20, 2006, and September 14, 2006, Visa U.S.A. and Visa International entered into agreements to settle or otherwise dispose of
these matters. Under the settlement agreements, Visa U.S.A. paid approximately $100 million as part of the defendants’ settlement fund for the federal actions and approximately $19 million to fund settlement of the state cases. Although
the federal court has granted final approval of the settlement agreements, the settlements are subject to resolution of any appeals. If we are unsuccessful in any appellate proceeding, all of the agreements resolving the federal and state actions
will terminate. If that occurs and we are unsuccessful in defending against some or all of these lawsuits on the merits, we may have to pay restitution, damages or both, and we may be required to modify our currency conversion practices. The
potential amount of damages, restitution or both could be substantial. In addition, although we have substantially changed the practices at issue in these litigations, court-ordered changes to our currency conversion and cross-border transaction
practices could materially and adversely affect our business. See Note 22—
Legal Matters to our consolidated financial statements included in 
Item 8 in this report. 

If we are found liable in certain other pending or future lawsuits, we may have to pay substantial damages or change our business practices or pricing
structure, which may have a material, adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Like many large
companies, we are a defendant in a number of civil actions and investigations alleging violations of competition/antitrust law, securities law, consumer protection law, or intellectual property law, among others. These lawsuits and investigations
have been initiated by a wide variety of parties, including the U.S. Department of Justice, or the DOJ, U.S. state attorneys general, merchants, and consumers. Examples of such claims are described more fully in Note 22—
Legal
Matters to our consolidated financial statements included in 
Item 8 in this report. Some lawsuits involve complex claims that are subject to substantial uncertainties and unspecified damages; therefore, we cannot ascertain the
probability of loss or estimate the damages. Accordingly, we have not established allowances for such legal proceedings. 

In the United
States, private plaintiffs often seek class action certification in cases against us. This is particularly so in cases involving merchants and consumers, due to the size and scope of our business. If we are found liable in a large class action
lawsuit, monetary damages could be significant. 

If we are unsuccessful in our defense against any material current or future
proceedings, we may have to pay substantial damages, limit the fees we charge or change other business practices. This could limit our payments volume and result in a material and adverse effect on our revenues, results of operations, cash flow,
financial conditions, prospects for future growth and overall business and could even cause us to become insolvent. 

Limitations on our business that
resulted from litigation may materially and adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 

Certain limitations have been placed on
our business in recent years because of litigation. For example, in October 2010, we reached a settlement, subject to court approval, with the Antitrust Division of the DOJ and a number of state attorneys general relating to their investigation of
certain Visa merchant acceptance practices. Under the agreement, Visa will allow U.S. merchants to offer discounts or other incentives to steer cardholders to a particular form of payment including to a specific

24 

Table of Contents

network brand or to any card product, such as a “non-reward” Visa credit card. See Note 22—Legal Matters to our consolidated financial statements included in

Item 8 of this report. The agreement does not address surcharging or the setting of default interchange, and does not preclude the DOJ from pursuing a future investigation of these or other topics. Similarly, as a result of the June 2003
settlement of a U.S. merchant lawsuit against Visa U.S.A., merchants are able to reject our consumer debit cards in the United States while still accepting other Visa-branded cards, and vice versa. 

These and other limitations on our business that were the result of settlements of, or judgments in, litigation could limit the fees we charge and
reduce our payments volume, which could materially and adversely affect our revenues, operating results, prospects for future growth and overall business. 

Tax audits or disputes, or changes in the tax laws applicable to us, could materially increase our tax payments. 

We exercise significant judgment in calculating our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, many factors may decrease their accuracy. We
are currently under audit by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities, and we may be subject to additional audits in the future. The tax authorities may disagree with our tax treatment of certain material items and thereby
increase our tax liability. In addition, changes in existing laws, such as recent proposals for fundamental U.S. and international tax reform, may also increase our effective tax rate. A substantial increase in our tax burden could have a material,
adverse effect on our financial results. See also Note 21—
Income Taxes to our consolidated financial statements included in 
Item 8 in this report. 

Our agreement with Visa Europe includes indemnity obligations that could expose us to significant liabilities. 

Under our framework agreement with Visa Europe, we indemnify it for losses resulting from all claims outside its region arising from our or their activities and relating to our or their payments business. This
obligation applies even if neither we, nor any of our related parties or agents, participated in the actions giving rise to such claims. Such an obligation could expose us to significant liabilities for activities over which we have little or no
control. Our retrospective responsibility plan would not cover these liabilities. 

Business Risks 

The intense pressure we face on client pricing may materially and adversely affect our revenues and profits. 

We offer incentives to clients in order to increase payments volume, enter new market segments and expand our card base. These include up-front cash
payments, fee discounts, credits, performance-based incentives, marketing support payments and other support. Over the past several years, we have increased the use of incentives such as up-front cash payments and fee discounts in many countries,
including the United States. In order to stay competitive, we may have to continue to increase our use of incentives. This pressure may make the provision of certain products and services less profitable or unprofitable and materially and adversely
affect our operating revenues and profitability. 

Pressure on client pricing also poses indirect risks, presenting the potential for the
same adverse effects. If we continue to increase incentives to our clients, we will need to find ways to offset the financial impact by increasing payments volume, the amount of fee-based services we provide or both. We may not succeed in doing so,
particularly in the current regulatory environment. In addition, we benefit from long-term contracts with certain clients, including those that are large contributors to our 

25 

Table of Contents

revenue. Continued pressure on our fees could prevent us from entering into such agreements in the future on favorable terms. We may also have to modify existing agreements in order to maintain
relationships or comply with regulations. Finally, increased pricing pressure enhances the importance of cost containment and productivity initiatives in areas other than those surrounding client incentives, and we may not succeed in these efforts.

Our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer because of intense competition in our industry. 

The global payments industry is intensely competitive. Our payment programs compete against all forms of payment. These include cash, checks and
electronic transactions, such as wire transfers and automatic clearinghouse payments. In addition, our payment programs compete against the card-based payments systems of our competitors, such as MasterCard, American Express, Discover and
private-label cards issued by merchants. 

Some of our competitors may develop substantially greater financial and other resources than
we have. They may offer a wider range of programs and services than we do. They may use advertising and marketing strategies that are more effective than ours, achieving broader brand recognition and merchant acceptance than we do. They may develop
better security solutions or more favorable pricing arrangements than we have. They may also introduce more innovative programs and services than we provide. 

Certain of our competitors operate with different business models, have different cost structures or participate selectively in different market segments. These include domestic networks in the United States,
China, Canada, Australia and other countries and regions. They may ultimately prove more successful or more adaptable to new regulatory, technological and other developments. In many cases, these competitors have the support of government mandates
that prohibit, limit or otherwise hinder our ability to compete for or otherwise secure transactions within those countries and regions. 

Our clients can reassess their commitments to us at any time or develop their own competitive services. This is especially so given the recent U.S.
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which restricts our ability to require network exclusivity in the debit sector. Most of our larger client relationships are not exclusive. These include those with our largest clients, JPMorgan Chase
and Bank of America. In certain circumstances, our clients may terminate these relationships, sometimes on relatively short notice, and in many cases subject to significant early termination fees. Because a significant portion of our operating
revenues is concentrated among our largest clients, our operating revenues would decline significantly if we lost one or more of them. This could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See
Note 15—Enterprise-wide Disclosure and Concentration of Business to our consolidated financial statements included in 
Item 8 in this report. 

We expect there to be changes in the competitive landscape in the future. For example: 

•

 Competitors, clients and others may develop products that compete with or replace the value-added services we provide to support our transaction processing;

•

 Parties that process our transactions in certain countries may try to eliminate our position in the payments value chain; 

•

 Participants in the payments industry may merge, form joint ventures or enter into other business combinations that strengthen their existing business
propositions or create new, competing payment services; or 

•

 Competition may increase from alternative types of payment services, such as mobile payments services, online payment services and services that permit direct
debit of consumer checking accounts or ACH payments. 

26 

Table of Contents

Our failure to compete effectively against any of these threats could materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition, revenues, results of operations, prospects for future growth and overall business. 

Disintermediation from the
payments value chain would harm our business. 

Our position in the payments value chain underpins our business. Certain of our
competitors, including American Express, Discover, private-label card networks and certain alternative payments systems, operate closed-loop payments systems, with direct connections to both merchants and consumers and no intermediaries. These
competitors seek to derive competitive advantages from this business model. In addition, they have not attracted the same level of legal or regulatory scrutiny of their pricing and business practices as operators of multi-party payments systems such
as ours. 

We also run the risk of disintermediation by virtue of increasing bilateral agreements between entities that would rather not
use a payment network for processing payments. For example, merchants could process transactions directly with issuers, or processors could process transactions directly between issuers and acquirers. 

Additional consolidation in the banking industry could result in our losing business and create pressure on the fees we charge our clients, materially and
adversely affecting our revenues and profitability. 

The banking industry has recently undergone substantial, accelerated
consolidation, which could continue. Significant ongoing consolidation in the banking industry may result in the acquisition of one or more of our largest clients by an institution with a strong relationship with one of our competitors. This could
result in the acquired bank’s Visa business shifting to that competitor, resulting in a substantial loss of business to us. In addition, one or more of our clients could merge with or acquire one of our competitors, shifting its payments volume
to that competitor. Any such transaction could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. 

Continued consolidation in
the banking industry would also reduce the overall number of our clients and potential clients and could increase the negotiating power of our remaining clients and potential clients. This consolidation could lead financial institutions to seek
greater pricing discounts or other incentives with us. In addition, consolidation could prompt our existing clients to seek to renegotiate their pricing agreements with us to obtain more favorable terms. We may also be adversely affected by price
compression should one of our clients absorb another financial institution and qualify for higher volume-based discounts on the combined volumes of the merged businesses. Pressure on the fees we charge our clients caused by such consolidation could
materially and adversely affect our revenues, results of operations, prospects for future growth and overall business. In addition, the current economic environment could lead some clients to curtail or postpone near-term investments in growing
their card portfolios, limit credit lines or take other actions that affect adversely the growth of our volume and revenue streams from these clients. 

Merchants’ continued focus on the costs associated with payment card acceptance may result in more litigation, regulation, regulatory enforcement and
incentive arrangements. 

We rely in part on merchants and their relationships with our clients to maintain and expand the acceptance
of our payment cards. Consolidation in the retail industry is producing a group of larger merchants that is having a significant impact on all participants in the global payments industry. Some merchants are seeking to reduce their costs associated
with payment card acceptance by lobbying for new legislation and regulatory enforcement and by bringing litigation. If they continue, these efforts could materially and adversely affect our revenues, results of operations, prospects for future
growth and overall business. 

27 

Table of Contents

We, along with our clients, negotiate pricing discounts and other incentive arrangements with certain
large merchants to increase acceptance and usage of our payment cards. If merchants continue to consolidate, our clients and we may have to increase the incentives provided to certain larger merchants. This could materially and adversely affect our
revenues, results of operations, prospects for future growth and overall business. Competitive and regulatory pressures on pricing could make it difficult to offset the cost of these incentives. 

Certain financial institutions have exclusive, or nearly exclusive, relationships with our competitors to issue payment cards, and these relationships may
adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase our revenues. 

Certain financial institutions have longstanding exclusive, or
nearly exclusive, relationships with our competitors to issue payment cards. These relationships may make it difficult or cost-prohibitive for us to conduct material amounts of business with them in order to increase our revenues. In addition, these
financial institutions may be more successful and may grow more quickly than our clients, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage. 

Failure
to maintain relationships with our clients and others and failure of clients to provide services on our behalf could materially and adversely affect our business. 

We depend and will continue to depend significantly on relationships with our clients and on their relationships with cardholders and merchants to support our programs and services. We do not issue cards, extend
credit to cardholders or determine the interest rates, if any, or other fees charged to cardholders using cards that carry our brands. Each issuer determines these and most other competitive card features. In addition, we do not generally solicit
merchants to accept our cards, and we do not establish the discount rates charged to merchants for card acceptance, which rates are the responsibility of acquirers. As a result, the success of our business significantly depends on the continued
success and competitiveness of our clients and the strength of our relationships with them. 

In many countries outside the United
States, our clients or other processors authorize, clear and settle most domestic transactions using our payment cards without involving our processing systems. In addition, we do not generally have direct relationships with merchants and do not
have direct relationships with cardholders. Consequently, we depend on our close working relationships with our clients to effectively manage the processing of transactions involving our cards, Our inability to control the end-to-end processing for
cards carrying our brands in these countries may put us at a competitive disadvantage by limiting our ability to ensure the quality of the services supporting our brands. 

In addition, we depend on third parties to provide various services on our behalf, and to the extent that third-party vendors fail to deliver services, our business and reputation could be impaired. 

Our perception in the marketplace may affect our brands and reputation, which are key assets of our business. 

Our brands and their attributes are key assets of our business. The ability to attract and retain consumer cardholders and corporate clients to
Visa-branded products depends highly upon the external perceptions of our company and our industry. Our business may be affected by actions taken by our clients that change the perception of our brands. From time to time, our clients may take
actions that we do not believe to be in the best interests of our brands, such as creditor practices that may be subject to challenge, which may materially and adversely affect our business. Further, Visa Europe has very broad latitude to operate
the Visa business in and use our brands and technology within Visa Europe’s region, in which we have only limited control over the operation of the Visa business. Visa Europe is not required to spend any minimum amount of money promoting or
building the Visa brands 

28 

Table of Contents

in its region, and the strength of the Visa global brands depends in part on the efforts of Visa Europe to maintain product and service recognition and quality in Europe. Finally, adverse
developments with respect to our industry may also, by association, impair our reputation or result in greater regulatory or legislative scrutiny. 

Unprecedented economic events in financial markets around the world have and are likely to continue to affect our clients, merchants and cardholders, resulting
in a material and adverse impact on our prospects, growth, profitability, revenue and overall business. 

The competitive and evolving
nature of the global payments industry provides both challenges to and opportunities for the continued growth of our business. Unprecedented events that began in 2008 continue to affect the financial markets around the world. This includes decreased
consumer spending, increased unemployment, deflation, increased savings, decreased debt, excess housing inventory, lowered government spending, less export activity, continued challenges in the credit environment, continued equity market volatility,
additional government intervention and the uncertainty arising from new government policies. This economic turmoil has affected the economies of the United States and other mature economies in particular. 

The fragility of the current situation would be exacerbated if additional negative economic developments were to arise. These could include, among
other things, policy missteps, exhaustion of U.S. and other national economic stimulus packages, dramatic increases in oil prices, tax increases, economic turmoil in China, the Euro zone or Japan or a significant decline in the commercial real
estate market. 

Some existing clients have been placed in receivership or administration or have a significant amount of their stock
owned by their governments. Many financial institutions are facing increased regulatory and governmental influence, including potential changes in laws and regulations. Many of our clients, merchants that accept our brands and cardholders who use
our brands have been directly and adversely affected. 

Our financial results may be negatively affected by actions taken by individual
financial institutions or by governmental or regulatory bodies in response to the economic crisis. The severity of the economic environment may accelerate the timing of or increase the impact of risks to our financial performance that have
historically been present. As a result, our revenue growth has been and may be negatively affected, or we may be affected, in several ways, including but not limited to the following: 

•

 Constriction of consumer and business confidence may continue to decrease cardholder spending. 

•

 Uncertainty and volatility in the performance of our clients’ businesses may reduce the accuracy of our estimates of our revenues, rebates, incentives and
realization of prepaid assets. 

•

 Our clients may implement cost-reduction initiatives that reduce or eliminate payment card marketing or increase requests for greater incentives or additional
expense reductions, which may reduce our revenues. 

•

 Our clients may decrease spending for optional or enhanced services, affect our revenue and reduce cardholders’ desire to use these products.

•

 Government intervention or investments in our clients may negatively affect our business with those institutions or otherwise alter their strategic direction
away from our products. 

•

 Tightening of credit availability could affect the ability of participating financial institutions to lend to us under the terms of our credit facility.

29 

Table of Contents

•

 Our clients may default on their settlement obligations. 

•

 Our business and prospects, as well as our revenue and profitability, could be materially and adversely affected by consolidation of our clients.

In addition, regulatory bodies may seek to impose rules and price controls on certain aspects of our business and the
payments industry. 

Any of these developments could have a material adverse impact on our prospects, growth, revenue, profitability and
overall business. 

A decline in non-U.S. and cross-border activity and in multi-currency transactions could adversely affect our revenues and
profitability, as we generate a significant portion of our revenue from such transactions. 

We generate a significant amount of our
revenues from cross-border transactions. Our clients pay us fees in connection with cross-border transactions. Some of those fees may differ if conversion from the merchant’s currency to the cardholder’s billing currency is required. Thus,
revenue from processing cross-border transactions for our clients fluctuates with cross-border travel and the need for transactions to be converted into a different currency. Cross-border travel may be adversely affected by world geopolitical,
economic and other conditions. These include the threat of terrorism, natural disasters, the effects of climate change and outbreaks of diseases. A decline in cross-border travel could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. A decline in
the need for conversion of currencies might also adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 

In addition, Visa derives revenue
from foreign currency exchange activities that result from our clients’ settlement in different currencies. A reduction in multi-currency transactions may reduce the need for foreign currency exchange activities and adversely affect our
revenues. 

Transactions outside the United States represent an increasingly important part of our strategy. In order to continue to grow
in those areas, we will need to ensure that we maintain consistency in the types of products we provide, the quality of our service and the viability of our brand. If we cannot employ our organizational resources effectively, we will be unable to do
so. 

Finally, because we are domiciled in the United States, a negative perception of the United States arising from its political or
other positions could harm the perception of our company and our brand. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our revenues, operating results, prospects for future growth and overall business. 

We risk loss or insolvency if our clients fail to fund settlement obligations we have guaranteed. 

We indemnify issuers and acquirers for any settlement loss they suffer due to the failure of another issuer or acquirer to fund its daily settlement
obligations. In certain instances, we may indemnify issuers or acquirers even in situations in which a transaction is not processed by our system. This indemnification creates settlement risk for us due to the difference in timing between the date
of a payment transaction and the date of subsequent settlement. The term and amount of our indemnification obligations are unlimited. 

Concurrent settlement failures involving more than one of our largest clients or several of our smaller clients may exceed our available financial
resources, as could systemic operational failures lasting more than a single day. Any such failure could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, even if we have sufficient liquidity
to cover a 

30 

Table of Contents

settlement failure, we may be unable to recover the amount of such payment. This could expose us to significant losses, materially and adversely affecting our financial condition, results of
operations and cash flow. 

We estimate settlement at risk (or exposure) based on the sum of three inputs. The first is average daily
volumes during the quarter multiplied by the estimated number of days to settle plus a safety margin. The second is four months of rolling average chargebacks volume. The third is the total balance for outstanding traveler’s cheques.
Additionally, from time to time, we review and revise our risk management methodology and inputs as necessary. See Note 13—Settlement Guarantee Management to our consolidated financial statements included in 
Item 8 of this
report. 

Some of our clients are composed of groups of financial institutions. Some of these clients have elected to limit their
responsibility for settlement losses arising from the failure of their constituent financial institutions in exchange for managing their constituent financial institutions in accordance with our credit risk policy. To the extent that any settlement
failure resulting from a constituent financial institution exceeds the limits established by our credit risk policy, we would have to absorb the cost of such settlement failure, which could materially and adversely affect our cash flow. 

If our transaction processing systems are disrupted or we cannot process transactions efficiently, the perception of our brands and our revenues or operating
results could be materially and adversely affected. 

Our transaction processing systems may experience service interruptions or
degradation because of processing or other technology malfunction, fire, natural disasters, power loss, disruptions in long distance or local telecommunications access, fraud, terrorism, climate change or accident. Our visibility in the global
payments industry may attract terrorists and hackers to conduct physical or computer-based attacks, leading to an interruption in service, increased costs or the compromise of data security. Additionally, we rely on service providers for the timely
transmission of information across our global data network. If a service provider fails to provide the communications capacity or services we require because of a natural disaster, operational disruption, terrorism or any other reason, the failure
could interrupt our services, adversely affect the perception of our brands’ reliability and materially reduce our revenues or profitability. 

If we cannot keep pace with rapid technological developments to provide new and innovative payment programs and services, the use of our cards could decline,
reducing our revenues and net income. 

Rapid, significant technological changes are confronting the payments industry. These include
developments in smart cards, eCommerce, mobile commerce and radio frequency and proximity payment devices, such as contactless cards. We cannot predict the effect of technological changes on our business. We rely in part on third parties, including
some of our competitors and potential competitors, for the development of and access to new technologies. We expect that new services and technologies applicable to the payments industry will continue to emerge. These new services and technologies
may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies we currently use in our card products and services. In addition, our ability to adopt new services and technologies that we develop may be inhibited by industry-wide standards, by resistance
to change from clients or merchants or by third parties’ intellectual property rights. Our success will depend in part on our ability to develop new technologies and adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards. 

Account data breaches involving card data stored by third parties or by us could adversely affect our reputation and revenues. 

Our clients, merchants, others and we store cardholder account information in connection with our payment cards. In addition, our clients may use
third-party processors to process transactions 

31 

Table of Contents

generated by cards carrying our brands. Breach of the systems storing sensitive cardholder data and account information could lead to fraudulent activity involving Visa-branded cards, to
reputational damage and to claims against us. If we are sued in connection with any data security breach, we could be involved in protracted litigation. If unsuccessful in defending such lawsuits, we may have to pay damages or change our business
practices or pricing structure, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and profitability. In addition, any reputational damage resulting from an account data breach at one or more of our clients, merchants or other third
parties could decrease the use and acceptance of our cards, which could have a material adverse impact on our payments volume, revenues and future growth prospects. Finally, any data security breach could result in additional regulation, which could
materially increase our costs. 

An increase in fraudulent and other illegal activity involving our cards could lead to reputational damage to our
brands and reduce the use and acceptance of our cards. 

Criminals are using increasingly sophisticated methods to capture cardholder
account information. They use the information to conduct fraudulent transactions. Outsourcing and specialization of functions within the payments system are increasing. As a result, more third parties are involved in processing transactions using
our cards. A rise in fraud levels involving our cards could lead to reputational damage to our brands. This could reduce the use and acceptance of our cards or lead to greater regulation, which could increase our compliance costs. 

Failure to maintain interoperability between Visa Inc.’s and Visa Europe’s authorization and clearing and settlement systems could damage the business
and global perception of the Visa brands. 

Before our reorganization in October 2007, Visa Europe and we shared authorization,
clearing, and settlement systems. Visa Europe completed and substantially deployed its own systems in the 2010 fiscal year. As a result, Visa Europe and we will have to ensure that the two systems can process every transaction, regardless of where
it originates. Visa Europe’s newly independent system operations could present challenges to our business due to the heightened difficulty of maintaining the interoperability of our respective systems as they diverge over time. Failure to
authorize or clear and settle transactions quickly and accurately could impair the global perception of the Visa brands. 

Risks Related to our
Structure and Organization 

We have little ability to control Visa Europe’s operations and limited recourse if it breaches its
obligations to us. 

Visa Europe has very broad rights to operate the Visa business in its region under the agreement that governs our
relationship. If we want to change a global rule or require Visa Europe to implement certain changes that would not have a positive return for Visa Europe and its members, then Visa Europe is not required to implement that rule or change unless we
agree to pay for the implementation costs and expenses that Visa Europe and its members will incur as a consequence of the implementation. 

If Visa Europe fails to meet its obligations, our remedies under this agreement are limited. We cannot terminate the agreement even upon Visa Europe’s material, uncured breach. Although we have a call right to
acquire Visa Europe, we can exercise that right under only extremely limited circumstances. 

These and other features of the licenses
granted under the agreement may also raise issues concerning the characterization of the licenses for purposes of tax treatment of entry into the licenses and payments received thereunder. 

32 

Table of Contents

In some instances, as in the case of CyberSource, Visa Europe may have the right to control the
activities of newly acquired entities within Visa Europe’s territory. In any event, Visa Europe’s exclusive license rights in Europe may hinder our ability to acquire new entities or to operate them effectively. 

Any inconsistency in the payment processing services and products that we can provide could negatively affect cardholders from Visa Europe using
cards in the countries we serve or our cardholders using cards in Visa Europe’s region. 

If Visa Europe makes us acquire all of its outstanding
stock, we will incur substantial costs and may suffer a material and adverse effect on our operations and net income. 

We have
granted Visa Europe a put option requiring us to purchase all outstanding capital stock from its members if exercised. We will incur a substantial financial obligation if Visa Europe exercises this option. Visa Europe may do so at any time. We may
need to obtain third-party financing in order to meet our obligation, by either borrowing funds or selling stock. An equity offering, or the payment of part of the exercise price in our stock, would dilute the ownership interests of our
stockholders. We would have only 285 days to pay the exercise price. Sufficient financing might not be available to us within that time on reasonable terms. See Note 3—Visa Europe to our consolidated financial statements included in

Item 8 of this report. 

If Visa Europe exercises the put option, we may encounter difficulties in integrating Visa
Europe’s business and systems into our existing operations. If we cannot do so quickly and cost-effectively, the integration could divert the time and attention of senior management, disrupt our current operations and adversely affect our
results of operations. In addition, we would become subject to the many regulations of the European Union that govern the operations of Visa Europe, including any regulatory disputes. 

We are required to record quarterly any change in the fair value of the put option. We record these adjustments through our consolidated statements
of operations. Consequently, the adjustments affect our reported net income and earnings per share. These quarterly adjustments and their resulting impact on our reported statements of operations could be significant. The existence of these changes
could adversely affect our ability to raise capital or the costs involved in raising it. 

If we cannot remain organizationally effective, we will be
unable to address the opportunities and challenges presented by our strategy and by the increasingly challenging competitive, economic and regulatory environment. 

Since our reorganization in October 2007, we have increasingly centralized our management and operations. For us to succeed, we must effectively integrate our operations, actively work to ensure consistency
throughout our organization, and avoid U.S.-centric thinking. If we fail to do so, we may be unable to expand as rapidly as we plan, and the results of our expansion may be unsatisfactory. 

In addition, the current competitive, economic and regulatory environment will require our organization to adapt rapidly and nimbly to new
opportunities and challenges. We will be unable to do so if we do not make important decisions quickly enough, define our appetite for risk specifically enough, implement new governance, managerial and organizational processes smoothly enough and
communicate roles and responsibilities clearly enough. 

We may be unable to attract and retain key management and other key employees.

Our employees, particularly our key management, are vital to our success and difficult to replace. We may be unable to retain them
or to attract other highly qualified employees, particularly if we do not offer employment terms competitive with the rest of the market. Failure to attract and retain highly qualified employees, or failure to develop and implement a viable
succession plan, could result in inadequate depth of institutional knowledge or skill sets, adversely affecting our business. 

33 

Table of Contents

Acquisitions or strategic investments could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition and results of
operations. 

Although we may continue to make strategic acquisitions or investments in complementary businesses, products or
technologies, we may be unable to successfully finance, partner with or integrate them. The integration of the recently acquired CyberSource Corporation will take time and resources that would otherwise have been available for other acquisitions. We
will be subject to the terms of the exclusive license granted to Visa Europe in most acquisitions and major investments that involve countries in the Visa Europe territory. Regulatory constraints, particularly competition regulations, may affect the
extent to which we can maximize the value of acquisitions or investments. 

Furthermore, the integration of any acquisition or investment
may divert management’s time and resources from our core business and disrupt our operations. We may spend time and money on projects that do not increase our revenues. Moreover, our cash reserves contract to the extent we pay the purchase
price of any acquisition or investment in cash. Although we periodically evaluate potential acquisitions of and investments in businesses, products and technologies, and anticipate continuing to make these evaluations, we cannot guarantee that we
will be able to execute and integrate any such acquisitions and investments. 

Future sales of our class A common stock, or the expiration or waiver
of transfer restrictions on our class B and C common stock, could result in dilution to holders of shares of our existing class A common stock, adversely affecting their rights and depressing the market price of our class A common stock.

The market price and voting power of our class A common stock could decline because of increases in the number of such shares
outstanding. The market price of our class A common stock may also suffer from the perception that such an increase could occur, such as upon the issuance or conversion of securities convertible to shares of our class A common stock.
Specifically, on March 25, 2011, all of our restricted shares of class C common stock will become transferable at once. 

If funds are
released from escrow after the resolution of the litigation covered by our retrospective responsibility plan, the value of our class A common stock will be diluted. 

Under our retrospective responsibility plan, funds still in the escrow account after the resolution of all covered litigation will be released back to us. At that time, each share of class B common stock will
become convertible into an increased number of shares of class A common stock, benefitting the holders of class B common stock. This in turn will result in dilution of the interest in Visa Inc. held by the holders of class A common stock.
The amount of this dilution will depend on the amount, if any, of the funds released from the escrow account and the market price of our class A common stock near the time the funds are released. 

Shares of Class A common stock acquired by Visa members and certain affiliates and competitors convert automatically into shares of class C common stock,
which have limited voting rights and may be subject to restrictions on transfer. 

Shares of class A common stock acquired by a Visa
member, an affiliate of a Visa member or any person that is a competitor or its affiliate, in each case to the extent acting as a principal investor, convert automatically into shares of class C common stock. Some shares of class C common stock
cannot be transferred until March 25, 2011. In addition, holders of shares of our class C common stock do not have the right to vote on certain matters, including the election of directors.

34 

Table of Contents

Holders of our shares of our class B and C common stock have voting rights concerning certain significant corporate
transactions, and their interests in our business may be different from those of holders of our class A common stock. 

Although their
voting rights are limited, holders of shares of our class B and C common stock can vote on certain significant transactions. These include a proposed consolidation or merger, a decision to exit our core payments business and any other vote required
by law. The holders of these shares may not have the same incentive to approve a corporate action that may be favorable to the holders of class A common stock, and their interests may otherwise conflict with those of the holders of class A common
stock. 

Anti-takeover provisions in our governing documents and Delaware law could delay or prevent entirely a takeover attempt or a change in
control. 

Provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our bylaws and Delaware law could delay or
prevent a merger or acquisition that our stockholders consider favorable. For instance, except for limited exceptions, no person may beneficially own more than 15% of our class A common stock (or 15% of our total outstanding common stock on an
as-converted basis), unless our board of directors approves the acquisition of such shares in advance. In addition, except for common stock issued to a member in connection with our reorganization or shares issuable on conversion of such common
stock, shares held by a competitor or an affiliate of a competitor may not exceed 5% of our total outstanding shares on an as-converted basis. 

Our
ability to pay regular dividends to holders of our common stock in the future is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and will be limited by our ability to generate sufficient earnings and cash flows. 

Since August 2008, we have paid cash dividends quarterly on our class A, B and C common stock. Any future payment of dividends will depend upon our
ability to generate earnings and cash flows. However, sufficient cash may not be available to pay such dividends. Payment of future dividends, if any, would be at the discretion of our board of directors after taking into account various factors,
including our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, covenants in our debt instruments and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. If, because of these factors, we cannot generate sufficient earnings and cash
flows from our business, we may be unable to make payments of dividends of our common stock. Furthermore, no dividend may be declared or paid on any class or series of common stock unless an equivalent dividend is contemporaneously declared and paid
on each other class of common stock.