.

The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating VF’s business and the
forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K. Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect VF’s business, its operating results and its financial condition. 

VF’s revenues and profits depend on the level of consumer spending for apparel, which is sensitive to general economic
conditions and other factors. A return to recessionary conditions or a decline in consumer spending could have a material adverse effect on VF. 

The apparel industry has historically been subject to cyclical variations and is particularly affected by adverse trends in the general economy. The success of VF’s business depends on consumer
spending, and there are a number of factors that influence consumer spending, including actual and perceived economic conditions, disposable consumer income, interest rates, consumer credit availability, unemployment, stock market performance,
extreme weather conditions, energy prices and tax rates in the international, national, regional and local markets where VF’s products are sold. A decline in actual or perceived economic conditions or other factors could negatively impact the
level of consumer spending and have a material adverse impact on VF. 

Fluctuations in the price, availability and
quality of raw materials and finished goods could increase costs. 

Fluctuations in the price, availability and quality
of fabrics, leather or other raw materials used by VF in its manufactured products, or of purchased finished goods, could have a material adverse effect on VF’s cost of sales or its ability to meet its customers’ demands. The prices we pay
depend on demand and market prices for the raw materials used to produce them. The price and availability of such raw materials may fluctuate significantly, depending on many factors, including general economic conditions and demand, crop yields,
energy prices, weather patterns and speculation in the commodities markets. Prices of purchased finished products also depend on wage rates in Asia and other geographic areas where our independent contractors are located, as well as freight costs
from those regions. In the future, VF may not be able to offset cost increases with other cost reductions or efficiencies or to pass higher costs on to its customers. This could have a material adverse effect on VF’s results of operations,
liquidity and financial condition. 

We may be adversely affected by weather conditions. 

Our business is adversely affected by unseasonable weather conditions. A significant portion of the sales of our products is dependent in
part on the weather and is likely to decline in years in which weather conditions do not favor the use of these products. Periods of unseasonably warm weather in the fall or winter, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows. Inventory accumulation by 

13 

Table of Contents

our wholesale customers resulting from unseasonable weather in one season generally negatively affects orders in future seasons, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. Abnormally harsh or inclement weather can also negatively impact retail traffic and consumer spending. 

The apparel and footwear industries are highly competitive, and VF’s success depends on its ability to respond to constantly changing markets. 

VF competes with numerous apparel and footwear brands and manufacturers. Competition is generally based upon brand name recognition,
price, design, product quality, selection, service and purchasing convenience. Some of our competitors are larger and have more resources than VF in some product categories and regions. In addition, VF competes directly with the private label brands
of most of its wholesale customers. VF’s ability to compete within the apparel and footwear industries depends on our ability to: 

•

 Anticipate and respond to changing consumer trends in a timely manner; 

•

 Develop attractive, innovative and high quality products that meet consumer needs; 

•

 Maintain strong brand recognition; 

•

 Price products appropriately; 

•

 Provide best-in-class marketing support and intelligence; 

•

 Ensure product availability and optimize supply chain efficiencies; 

•

 Obtain sufficient retail store space and effectively present our products at retail; and 

•

 Produce or procure quality products on a consistent basis. 

Failure to compete effectively or to keep pace with rapidly changing markets and trends could have a material adverse effect on VF’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

VF’s results of operations could be materially harmed if we are unable to gauge consumer preferences and product
trends and accurately forecast demand for our products. 

Our success depends in part on management’s ability to
effectively anticipate and respond to changing consumer preferences and product trends and to translate trends into marketable product offerings in advance of the actual time of sale to the customer. Even if we are successful in anticipating
consumer demands, we must continue to be able to develop and introduce innovative, high-quality products in order to sustain consumer demand. 

We often schedule internal production and place orders for products with independent manufacturers before our customers’ orders are firm. Factors that could affect our ability to accurately forecast
demand for our products include: 

•

 Our failure to anticipate changing styles or trends or accurately forecast customer acceptance of new products; 

•

 New, well-received product introductions by competitors; 

•

 Unanticipated changes in general market conditions or other factors, which result in cancellations of orders or a reduction or increase in the rate of
reorders placed by retailers; 

•

 Weak economic conditions or consumer confidence, which reduce demand for VF’s products; and 

•

 Terrorism or acts of war, or the threat thereof, which adversely affect consumer confidence and spending or interrupt production and distribution of
products and raw materials. 

14 

Table of Contents

There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully anticipate changing consumer
preferences and product trends or economic conditions and, as a result, we may not successfully manage inventory levels to meet our future order requirements. If we fail to accurately forecast consumer demand, we may experience excess inventory
levels or a shortage of product required to meet the demand. Inventory levels in excess of consumer demand may result in inventory write-downs and the sale of excess inventory at discounted prices, which could have an adverse effect on the image and
reputation of VF’s brands and negatively impact profitability. On the other hand, if we underestimate demand for our products, our manufacturing facilities or third party manufacturers may not be able to produce products to meet consumer
requirements, and this could result in delays in the shipment of products and lost revenues, as well as damage to VF’s reputation and relationships. These risks could have a material adverse effect on our brand image as well as our results of
operations and financial condition. 

VF’s business and the success of its products could be harmed if VF is unable
to maintain the images of its brands. 

VF’s success to date has been due in large part to the growth of its
brands’ images and VF’s customers’ connection to its brands. If we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to changing consumer demand, the names and images of our brands may be impaired. Even if we react appropriately to
changes in consumer preferences, consumers may consider our brands’ images to be outdated or associate our brands with styles that are no longer popular. In addition, brand value is based in part on consumer perceptions on a variety of
qualities, including merchandise quality and corporate integrity. Negative claims or publicity regarding VF, its brands or its products, including licensed products, could adversely affect our reputation and sales regardless of whether such claims
are accurate. Social media, which accelerates the dissemination of information, can increase the challenges of responding to negative claims. In the past, many apparel companies have experienced periods of rapid growth in sales and earnings followed
by periods of declining sales and losses. Our businesses may be similarly affected in the future. In addition, we have sponsorship contracts with a number of athletes and musicians and feature those individuals in our advertising and marketing
efforts. Actions taken by those individuals associated with our products could harm their reputations and adversely affect the images of our brands. 

VF relies significantly on information technology. Any inadequacy, interruption, integration failure or security failure of this technology could harm VF’s ability to effectively operate its
business. 

Our ability to effectively manage and operate our business depends significantly on information technology
systems. The failure of these systems to operate effectively, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, difficulty in integrating new systems or systems of acquired businesses, or a breach in security of these systems could
adversely impact the operations of VF’s business, including corporate email communications, e-commerce operations, retail business credit card transaction authorization and processing, and our interaction with the public on social media.

In the normal course of business we often collect, retain and transmit certain sensitive and confidential customer
information, including credit card information, over public networks. There is a significant concern by consumers and employees over the security of personal information transmitted over the Internet, consumer identity theft and user privacy.
Despite the security measures we currently have in place, our facilities and systems and those of our third party service providers may be vulnerable to security breaches and VF and its customers could suffer harm if customer information were
accessed by third parties due to a security failure in VF’s systems. It could require significant expenditures to remediate any such failure, problem or breach and severely damage our reputation and our relationships with customers. 

15 

Table of Contents

A substantial portion of VF’s revenues and gross profit is derived from a small
number of large customers. The loss of any of these customers or the inability of any of these customers to pay VF could substantially reduce VF’s revenues and profits. 

A few of VF’s customers account for a significant portion of revenues. Sales to VF’s ten largest customers were 21% of total
revenues in fiscal 2013, with our largest customer accounting for 8% of revenues. Sales to our customers are generally on a purchase order basis and not subject to long-term agreements. A decision by any of VF’s major customers to significantly
decrease the volume of products purchased from VF could substantially reduce revenues and have a material adverse effect on VF’s financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, in recent years, the retail industry has experienced
consolidation and other ownership changes. In the future, retailers may further consolidate, undergo restructurings or reorganizations, realign their affiliations or reposition their stores’ target markets. These developments could result in a
reduction in the number of stores that carry VF’s products, an increase in ownership concentration within the retail industry, an increase in credit exposure to VF or an increase in leverage by VF’s customers over their suppliers. These
changes could impact VF’s opportunities in the market and increase VF’s reliance on a smaller number of large customers. 

Further, the global economy periodically experiences recessionary conditions with rising unemployment, reduced availability of credit, increased savings rates and declines in real estate and securities
values. These recessionary conditions could have a negative impact on retail sales of apparel and other consumer products. The lower sales volumes, along with the possibility of restrictions on access to the credit markets, could result in our
customers experiencing financial difficulties including store closures, bankruptcies or liquidations. This could result in higher credit risk to VF relating to receivables from our customers who are experiencing these financial difficulties. If
these developments occur, our inability to shift sales to other customers or to collect on VF’s trade accounts receivable could have a material adverse effect on VF’s financial condition and results of operations. 

VF’s profitability may decline as a result of increasing pressure on margins. 

The apparel industry is subject to significant pricing pressure caused by many factors, including intense competition, consolidation in
the retail industry, pressure from retailers to reduce the costs of products and changes in consumer demand. If these factors cause us to reduce our sales prices to retailers and consumers, and we fail to sufficiently reduce our product costs or
operating expenses, VF’s profitability will decline. This could have a material adverse effect on VF’s results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 

VF may not succeed in its growth strategy. 

One of VF’s key
strategic objectives is growth. We seek to grow organically and through acquisitions. We seek to grow by building new lifestyle brands, expanding our share with winning customers, stretching VF’s brands to new regions, managing costs,
leveraging our supply chain and information technology capabilities across VF and expanding our direct-to-consumer business, including opening new stores and remodeling and expanding our existing stores. We may not be able to grow our existing
businesses. We may have difficulty completing acquisitions, and we may not be able to successfully integrate a newly acquired business or achieve the expected growth, cost savings or synergies from such integration. We may not be able to expand our
market share with winning customers, expand our brands geographically or achieve the expected results from our supply chain initiatives. We may have difficulty recruiting, developing or retaining qualified employees. We may not be able to achieve
our store expansion goals, manage our growth effectively, successfully integrate the planned new stores into our operations or operate our new, remodeled and expanded stores profitably. Failure to implement our growth strategy may have a material
adverse effect on VF’s business. 

There are risks associated with VF’s acquisitions. 

Any acquisitions or mergers by VF will be accompanied by the risks commonly encountered in acquisitions of companies. These risks include,
among other things, higher than anticipated acquisition costs and expenses, 

16 

Table of Contents

the difficulty and expense of integrating the operations, systems and personnel of the companies and the loss of key employees and customers as a result of changes in management. In addition,
geographic distances may make integration of acquired businesses more difficult. We may not be successful in overcoming these risks or any other problems encountered in connection with any acquisitions. 

Our acquisitions may cause large one-time expenses or create goodwill or other intangible assets that could result in significant
impairment charges in the future. We also make certain estimates and assumptions in order to determine purchase price allocation and estimate the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If our estimates or assumptions used to value
these assets and liabilities are not accurate, we may be exposed to losses that may be material. 

VF’s operations
in international markets, and earnings in those markets, may be affected by legal, regulatory, political and economic risks. 

Our ability to maintain the current level of operations in our existing international markets and to capitalize on growth in existing and new international markets is subject to risks associated with
international operations. These include the burdens of complying with foreign laws and regulations, unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, tariffs or other barriers in some international markets. 

We cannot predict whether quotas, duties, taxes, exchange controls or other restrictions will be imposed by the U.S., the European Union
or other countries on the import or export of our products, or what effect any of these actions would have on VF’s business, financial condition or results of operations. We cannot predict whether there might be changes in our ability to
repatriate earnings or capital from international jurisdictions. Changes in regulatory, geopolitical policies and other factors may adversely affect VF’s business or may require us to modify our current business practices. 

Approximately 60% of VF’s 2013 net income was earned in jurisdictions outside the U.S. VF is exposed to risks of changes in U.S.
policy for companies having business operations outside the U.S. There have been a number of proposed changes to U.S. income tax laws, including overall corporate and individual tax reform. Some of these tax law changes and tax reform proposals,
among other things, consider accelerating the U.S. taxability of non-U.S. earnings or limiting foreign tax credits. While enactment of any such proposal is not certain, if new legislation were enacted, it is possible our U.S. income tax expense
could increase, which would reduce our earnings. 

We may have additional tax liabilities. 

As a global company, we determine our income tax liability in various tax jurisdictions based on an analysis and interpretation of local
tax laws and regulations. This analysis requires a significant amount of judgment and estimation and is often based on various assumptions about the future actions of the local tax authorities. These determinations are the subject of periodic
domestic and foreign tax audits. Although we accrue for uncertain tax positions, our accrual may be insufficient to satisfy unfavorable findings. Unfavorable audit findings and tax rulings may result in payment of taxes, fines and penalties for
prior periods and higher tax rates in future periods, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Further, in an effort to deal with budget deficits, governments around the world are
focusing on increasing tax revenues through increased audits and, potentially, increased tax rates for corporations. Changes in tax law or our interpretation of tax laws and the resolution of current and future tax audits could significantly affect
the amounts provided for income taxes in our consolidated financial statements. 

17 

Table of Contents

VF uses third party suppliers and manufacturing facilities worldwide for a substantial
portion of its raw materials and finished products, which poses risks to VF’s business operations. 

During fiscal
2013, approximately 73% of VF’s units were purchased from independent manufacturers primarily located in Asia, with substantially all of the remainder produced by VF-owned and operated manufacturing facilities located in the U.S., Mexico,
Central and South America, the Caribbean, Europe and the Middle East. Any of the following could impact our ability to produce or deliver VF products: 

•

 Political or labor instability in countries where VF’s facilities, contractors and suppliers are located; 

•

 Political or military conflict could cause a delay in the transportation of raw materials and products to VF and an increase in transportation costs;

•

 Disruption at ports of entry could cause delays in product availability and increase transportation times and costs; 

•

 Heightened terrorism security concerns could subject imported or exported goods to additional, more frequent or more lengthy inspections, leading to
delays in deliveries or impoundment of goods for extended periods; 

•

 Decreased scrutiny by customs officials for counterfeit goods, leading to more counterfeit goods and reduced sales of VF products, increased costs for
VF’s anticounterfeiting measures and damage to the reputation of its brands; 

•

 Disruptions at manufacturing or distribution facilities caused by natural and man-made disasters; 

•

 Disease epidemics and health-related concerns, such as the H1N1 virus, bird flu, SARS, mad cow and hoof-and-mouth disease outbreaks in recent years,
could result in closed factories, reduced workforces, scarcity of raw materials and scrutiny or embargo of VF’s goods produced in infected areas; 

•

 Imposition of regulations and quotas relating to imports and our ability to adjust timely to changes in trade regulations could limit our ability to
produce products in cost-effective countries that have the labor and expertise needed; 

•

 Imposition of duties, taxes and other charges on imports; and 

•

 Imposition or the repeal of laws that affect intellectual property rights. 

Although no single supplier and no one country is critical to VF’s production needs, if we were to lose a supplier it could result
in interruption of finished goods shipments to VF, cancellation of orders by customers, and termination of relationships. This, along with the damage to our reputation, could have a material adverse effect on VF’s revenues and, consequently,
our results of operations. 

Our business is subject to national, state and local laws and regulations for environmental,
employment, safety and other matters. The costs of compliance with, or the violation of, such laws and regulations by VF or by independent suppliers who manufacture products for VF could have an adverse effect on our operations and cash flows, as
well as on our reputation. 

Our business is subject to comprehensive federal, state and local laws and regulations on a
wide range of environmental, employment, safety and other matters. VF could be adversely affected by costs of compliance with or violations of those laws and regulations. In addition, while we do not control their business practices, we require
third party suppliers to operate in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations regarding working conditions, employment practices and environmental compliance. The costs of products purchased by VF from independent contractors could
increase due to the costs of compliance by those contractors. 

Failure by VF or its third party suppliers to comply with such
laws and regulations, as well as with ethical, social, product, labor and environmental standards, or related political considerations, could result in interruption 

18 

Table of Contents

of finished goods shipments to VF, cancellation of orders by customers, and termination of relationships. If one of our independent contractors violates labor or other laws or implements labor or
other business practices that are generally regarded as unethical, it could jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse consumer actions, including boycotts that may reduce demand for VF’s merchandise. Damage to VF’s
reputation or loss of consumer confidence for any of these or other reasons could have a material adverse effect on VF’s results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, as well as require additional resources to rebuild VF’s
reputation. 

VF’s business is exposed to the risks of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. VF’s
hedging strategies may not be effective in mitigating those risks. 

A growing percentage of VF’s total revenues
(approximately 38% in 2013) is derived from markets outside the U.S. VF’s international businesses operate in functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Changes in currency exchange rates may affect the U.S. dollar value of the foreign
currency-denominated amounts at which VF’s international businesses purchase products, incur costs or sell products. In addition, for VF’s U.S.-based businesses, the majority of products are sourced from independent contractors or VF
plants located in foreign countries. As a result, the cost of these products may be affected by changes in the value of the relevant currencies. Furthermore, much of VF’s licensing revenue is derived from sales in foreign currencies. Changes in
foreign currency exchange rates could have an adverse impact on VF’s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

In accordance with our operating practices, we hedge a significant portion of our foreign currency transaction exposures arising in the ordinary course of business to reduce risks in our cash flows and
earnings. Our hedging strategy may not be effective in reducing all risks, and no hedging strategy can completely insulate VF from foreign exchange risk. We do not hedge foreign currency translation rate changes. 

Further, our use of derivative financial instruments may expose VF to counterparty risks. Although VF only enters into hedging contracts
with counterparties having investment grade credit ratings, it is possible that the credit quality of a counterparty could be downgraded or a counterparty could default on its obligations, which could have a material adverse impact on VF’s
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

VF borrows funds on a short-term basis, primarily to support
seasonal working capital requirements. Long-term debt is part of VF’s total capital structure. Because of conditions in global credit markets, VF may have difficulty accessing capital markets for short or long-term financing.

Particularly in 2008 and continuing to a lesser extent during the last five years, global capital and credit markets
have experienced extreme volatility and disruption, with government intervention, mergers or bankruptcies of several major financial institutions, and a general decline in global liquidity. Many corporate issuers have been unable to access credit
markets. 

We typically use short-term commercial paper borrowings to support seasonal working capital requirements, with
amounts generally repaid by the end of each year from strong cash flows from operations. VF has been able to borrow in the commercial paper markets in recent years. In the future, VF may seek to access the long-term capital markets to replace
maturing debt obligations or to fund acquisitions or other growth opportunities. There is no assurance that the commercial paper markets or the long-term capital markets will continue to be reliable sources of financing for VF. If VF does not have
access to financing, it could have a material adverse impact on VF’s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

VF has a global revolving credit facility. One or more of the participating banks may not be able to honor their commitments, which could have an adverse effect on VF’s business.

VF has a $1.25 billion global revolving credit facility that expires in December 2016. If the financial

19 

Table of Contents

markets return to recessionary conditions, this could impair the ability of one or more of the banks participating in our credit agreements from honoring their commitments. This could have an
adverse effect on our business if we were not able to replace those commitments or to locate other sources of liquidity on acceptable terms. 

The loss of members of VF’s executive management and other key employees could have a material adverse effect on its business. 

VF depends on the services and management experience of its executive officers and business leaders who have substantial experience and
expertise in VF’s business. VF also depends on other key employees involved in the operation of its business. Competition for experienced and well-qualified personnel is intense. The unexpected loss of services of one or more of these
individuals could have a material adverse effect on VF. 

VF’s direct-to-consumer business includes risks that could
have an adverse effect on its results. 

VF sells merchandise direct-to-consumer through VF-operated stores and over the
Internet through its websites. Its direct-to-consumer business is subject to numerous risks that could have a material adverse effect on its results. Risks include, but are not limited to, (a) domestic or international resellers purchasing
merchandise and reselling it overseas outside VF’s control, (b) failure of the systems that operate the stores and websites, and their related support systems, including computer viruses, theft of customer information, privacy concerns,
telecommunication failures and electronic break-ins and similar disruptions, (c) credit card fraud and (d) risks related to VF’s direct-to-consumer distribution centers. Risks specific to VF’s e-commerce business also include
(a) diversion of sales from VF stores or wholesale customers, (b) difficulty in recreating the in-store experience through direct channels and (c) liability for online content. VF’s failure to successfully respond to these risks
might adversely affect sales in its Internet business, as well as damage its reputation and brands. 

Our VF-operated stores
and e-commerce business requires substantial fixed investment in equipment and leasehold improvements, information systems, inventory and personnel. We have entered into substantial operating lease commitments for retail space. Due to the high
fixed-cost structure associated with our direct-to-consumer operations, a decline in sales or the closure of or poor performance of individual or multiple stores could result in significant lease termination costs, write-offs of equipment and
leasehold improvements, and employee-related costs. 

VF’s net sales depend on a volume of traffic to its stores and
the availability of suitable lease space. 

A growing portion of our revenues are direct-to-consumer sales through
VF-operated stores. In order to generate customer traffic, we locate many of our stores in prominent locations within successful retail shopping centers or in fashionable shopping districts. Our stores benefit from the ability of the retail center
and other attractions in an area to generate consumer traffic in the vicinity of our stores. Part of our future growth is significantly dependent on our ability to operate stores in desirable locations with capital investment and lease costs
providing the opportunity to earn a reasonable return. We cannot control the development of new shopping centers or districts; the availability or cost of appropriate locations within existing or new shopping centers or districts; competition with
other retailers for prominent locations; or the success of individual shopping centers or districts. Further, if we are unable to renew or replace our existing store leases or enter into leases for new stores on favorable terms, or if we violate the
terms of our current leases, our growth and profitability could be harmed. All of these factors may impact our ability to meet our growth targets and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

VF may be unable to protect its trademarks and other intellectual property rights. 

VF’s trademarks and other intellectual property rights are important to its success and its competitive position. VF is susceptible
to others copying its products and infringing its intellectual property rights especially with the shift in product mix to higher priced brands and innovative new products in recent years. Some of VF’s

20 

Table of Contents

brands, such as The North Face®
, 
Timberland®
, 
Vans®
, 
JanSport®
, 
Nautica®
,
 Wrangler®
 and
 Lee®
, enjoy significant worldwide consumer recognition, and the higher pricing
of those products creates additional risk of counterfeiting and infringement. 

VF’s trademarks, trade names, patents,
trade secrets and other intellectual property are important to VF’s success. Counterfeiting of VF’s products or infringement on its intellectual property rights could diminish the value of our brands and adversely affect VF’s
revenues. Actions we have taken to establish and protect VF’s intellectual property rights may not be adequate to prevent copying of its products by others or to prevent others from seeking to invalidate its trademarks or block sales of
VF’s products as a violation of the trademarks and intellectual property rights of others. In addition, unilateral actions in the U.S. or other countries, including changes to or the repeal of laws recognizing trademark or other intellectual
property rights, could have an impact on VF’s ability to enforce those rights. 

The value of VF’s intellectual
property could diminish if others assert rights in or ownership of trademarks and other intellectual property rights of VF, or trademarks that are similar to VF’s trademarks, or trademarks that VF licenses from others. We may be unable to
successfully resolve these types of conflicts to our satisfaction. In some cases, there may be trademark owners who have prior rights to VF’s trademarks because the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect intellectual property rights
to the same extent as do the laws of the U.S. In other cases, there may be holders who have prior rights to similar trademarks. VF is from time to time involved in opposition and cancellation proceedings with respect to some of its intellectual
property rights. 

We may be subject to liability if third parties successfully claim that we infringe on their trademarks,
copyrights, patents or other intellectual property rights. Defending infringement claims could be expensive and time-consuming and might result in our entering into costly license agreements. 

VF is subject to the risk that its licensees may not generate expected sales or maintain the value of VF’s brands.

During 2013, $117.3 million of VF’s revenues were derived from licensing royalties. Although VF generally has
significant control over its licensees’ products and advertising, we rely on our licensees for, among other things, operational and financial controls over their businesses. Failure of our licensees to successfully market licensed products or
our inability to replace existing licensees, if necessary, could adversely affect VF’s revenues, both directly from reduced royalties received and indirectly from reduced sales of our other products. Risks are also associated with a
licensee’s ability to: 

•

 Obtain capital; 

•

 Manage its labor relations; 

•

 Maintain relationships with its suppliers; 

•

 Manage its credit risk effectively; 

•

 Maintain relationships with its customers; and 

•

 Adhere to VF’s Global Compliance Principles. 

In addition, VF relies on its licensees to help preserve the value of its brands. Although we attempt to protect VF’s brands through approval rights over design, production processes, quality,
packaging, merchandising, distribution, advertising and promotion of our licensed products, we cannot completely control the use of licensed VF brands by our licensees. The misuse of a brand by a licensee could have a material adverse effect on that
brand and on VF. 

21 

Table of Contents

VF has entered into license agreements to use the trademarks of others. Loss of a
license could have an adverse effect on VF’s operating results. 

VF has entered into agreements to market products
under licenses granted by third parties, including Major League Baseball, the National Football League and Harley-Davidson Motor Company, Inc. Some of these licenses are for a short term and do not contain renewal options. Loss of a license, which
in certain cases could result in an impairment charge for related operating and intangible assets, could have an adverse effect on VF’s operating results. 

If VF encounters problems with its distribution system, VF’s ability to deliver its products to the market could be adversely affected. 

VF relies on owned or independently-operated distribution facilities to warehouse and ship product to its customers. VF’s
distribution system includes computer-controlled and automated equipment, which may be subject to a number of risks related to security or computer viruses, the proper operation of software and hardware, power interruptions or other system failures.
Because substantially all of VF’s products are distributed from a relatively small number of locations, VF’s operations could also be interrupted by earthquakes, floods, fires or other natural disasters affecting its distribution centers.
We maintain business interruption insurance, but it may not adequately protect VF from the adverse effects that could be caused by significant disruptions in VF’s distribution facilities, such as the long-term loss of customers or an erosion of
brand image. In addition, VF’s distribution capacity is dependent on the timely performance of services by third parties, including the transportation of product to and from its distribution facilities. If we encounter problems with our
distribution system, our ability to meet customer expectations, manage inventory, complete sales and achieve operating efficiencies could be materially adversely affected. 

VF’s balance sheet includes a significant amount of intangible assets and goodwill. A decline in the fair value of an intangible asset or of a business unit could result in an asset
impairment charge, which would be recorded as an operating expense in VF’s Consolidated Statement of Income and could be material. 

We evaluate goodwill and nonamortizing trademark and trade name intangible assets for possible impairment at least annually. In addition, intangible assets that are being amortized are tested for
impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that their carrying value might not be recoverable. For these impairment tests, we use various valuation methods to estimate the fair value of our business units and intangible assets. If the fair
value of an asset is less than its carrying value, we would recognize an impairment charge for the difference. 

It is possible
that we could have an impairment charge for goodwill or trademark and trade name intangible assets in future periods if (i) overall economic conditions in 2014 or future years vary from our current assumptions, (ii) business conditions or
our strategies for a specific business unit change from our current assumptions, (iii) investors require higher rates of return on equity investments in the marketplace or (iv) enterprise values of comparable publicly traded companies, or
of actual sales transactions of comparable companies, were to decline, resulting in lower comparable multiples of revenues and EBITDA and, accordingly, lower implied values of goodwill and intangible assets. A future impairment charge for goodwill
or intangible assets could have a material effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

Volatility in securities markets, interest rates and other economic factors could substantially increase VF’s defined benefit
pension costs. 

VF currently has unfunded obligations under its defined benefit pension plans. The funded status of the
pension plans is dependent on many factors, including returns on investment assets and the discount rate used to determine pension obligations. Unfavorable returns on plan assets, a lower discount rate or unfavorable changes in the applicable laws
or regulations could materially change the timing and amount of pension funding requirements, which could reduce cash available for VF’s business. 

22 

Table of Contents

VF’s operating performance also may be negatively impacted by the amount of expense
recorded for its pension plans. Pension expense is calculated using actuarial valuations that incorporate assumptions and estimates about financial market, economic and demographic conditions. Differences between estimated and actual results give
rise to gains and losses that are deferred and amortized as part of future pension expense, which can create volatility that adversely impacts VF’s future operating results.