The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating VF’s business and
the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K. Any of the following risks could
materially adversely affect VF’s business, its operating results and its financial condition.

RISKS SPECIFIC TO VF CORPORATION

A substantial portion of VF’s revenues and gross profit is derived from a small number of large
customers. The loss of any of these customers could substantially reduce VF’s profits.

A few of VF’s customers account for a significant portion of revenues. Sales to VF’s ten largest
customers were 34% of revenues in fiscal 2005, with Wal-Mart accounting for 16% of revenues. Sales
are generally on a purchase order basis, and VF does not have long-term agreements with any of its
customers. A decision by any of VF’s major customers to decrease significantly the number of
products purchased from VF could substantially reduce revenues and have a material adverse effect
on VF’s financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, the retail industry has
experienced consolidation and other ownership changes, such as the merger of Federated Department
Stores, Inc. and The May Department Stores Company and the merger of Sears, Roebuck and Company and
Kmart Holding Corporation in 2005. In the future, retailers may further consolidate, undergo
restructurings or reorganizations, realign their affiliations or reposition their stores’ target
market. These developments could decrease the number of stores that carry VF’s products or
increase the ownership concentration within the retail industry. These changes could both impact
VF’s opportunities in the market and increase VF’s reliance on a smaller number of large customers.

VF’s business could be adversely affected by financial instability experienced by its customers.

During the past several years, various retailers have experienced significant financial
difficulties, which in some cases have resulted in bankruptcies, liquidations and store closings.
VF sells a large portion of its products on open account to national and regional department,
mid-tier and mass market stores in the United States. The financial difficulties of a customer
could result in reduced business with that customer. VF may also assume higher credit risk
relating to receivables of a customer experiencing financial difficulty. If these developments
occur, VF’s inability to shift sales to other customers or to collect on its trade accounts
receivable from one of its major customers could substantially reduce VF’s income and have a
material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations.

The apparel industry is highly competitive, and VF’s success depends on its ability to respond to
constantly changing fashion trends and consumer demand. Reduced sales or prices resulting from
competition could have a material adverse effect on VF.

VF competes with numerous domestic and foreign brands and manufacturers of apparel. In addition,
VF competes directly with the private label brands of its wholesale customers. VF’s ability to
compete within the apparel and footwear industries depends on its ability to:

•

anticipate and respond to changing consumer trends in a timely manner;

•

develop attractive, quality products;

•

maintain favorable brand recognition;

•

appropriately price products;

•

provide effective marketing support;

14

Table of Contents

•

ensure product availability and optimize supply chain efficiencies; and

•

obtain sufficient retail floor space and effectively present its products at retail.

VF attempts to minimize risks associated with competition, including risks related to changing
style trends and product acceptance, by studying retail sales trends. The failure, however, to
compete effectively or to keep pace with rapidly changing markets and trends could have a material
adverse effect on VF’s business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if VF
misjudges fashion trends and market conditions, VF could be faced with significant excess
inventories for some products that it may have to sell at a loss and missed opportunities with
others that may result in lost sales.

VF’s profitability may decline as a result of increasing pressure on margins.

VF’s industry is subject to significant pricing pressure caused by many factors, including intense
competition, consolidation in the retail industry, pressure from retailers to reduce the costs of
products and changes in consumer demand. These factors may cause VF to reduce its sales prices to
retailers and consumers, which could cause VF’s gross margin to decline if VF is unable to offset
price reductions with comparable reductions in its operating costs. If VF’s sales prices decline
and VF fails to sufficiently reduce its product costs or operating expenses or increase its selling
prices, VF’s profitability will decline. This could have a material adverse effect on VF’s results
of operations, liquidity and financial condition.

VF may not succeed in implementing its growth strategy.

One of VF’s key strategic objectives is growth. VF seeks to grow through organic growth and
acquisitions, building new growing lifestyle brands, expanding its share with winning customers,
stretching its brands and customers to new geographies, fueling the growth by leveraging its supply
chain and information technology capabilities across VF, expanding its direct-to-consumer business
and building new growth enablers by identifying and developing high potential employees. VF may
have difficulty identifying acquisition targets, and it may not be able to successfully integrate a
newly acquired business or achieve any expected cost savings or synergies from such integration.
VF may not be able to achieve planned cost savings from its ongoing businesses. VF may not be able
to expand its share with winning customers, expand its brands geographically or achieve the
expected results from its supply chain initiatives. VF may also have difficulty recruiting or
developing qualified managers. The failure to implement its growth strategies may have a material
adverse effect on VF’s business.

If VF encounters problems with its distribution system, VF’s ability to deliver its products to the
market would be adversely affected.

VF relies on its distribution facilities to warehouse and, using its own employees or in some cases
independent contractors, to ship product to its customers. VF’s distribution system includes
computer- controlled and automated equipment, which means its operations are complicated and may be
subject to a number of risks related to security or computer viruses, the proper operation of
software and hardware, electronic or power interruptions or other system failures. Because
substantially all of VF’s products are distributed from a relatively small number of locations,
VF’s operations could also be interrupted by earthquakes, floods, fires or other natural disasters
near its distribution centers. VF maintains business interruption insurance, but it may not
adequately protect VF from the adverse effects that could be caused by significant disruptions in
VF’s distribution facilities, such as the long-term loss of customers or an erosion of brand image.
In addition, VF’s distribution capacity is dependent on the timely performance of services by
third parties, including the transportation of product to and from its distribution facilities. If
VF encounters problems with its distribution system, VF’s ability to meet customer expectations,
manage inventory, complete sales and achieve objectives for operating efficiencies could be
materially adversely affected.

VF relies significantly on information technology. Any inadequacy, interruption, integration
failure or security failure of that technology could harm VF’s ability to effectively operate its
business.

15

Table of Contents

VF’s ability to effectively manage and operate its business depends significantly on its
information technology systems. The failure of these systems to operate effectively, problems with
transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, difficulty in integrating new systems or systems
of acquired businesses or a breach in security of these systems could adversely impact the
operations of VF’s business. It could also require significant expenditures to remediate any such
failure, problem or breach.

VF uses foreign suppliers and manufacturing facilities for a substantial portion of its finished
products and raw materials, which poses risks to VF’s business operations.

During fiscal 2005, in excess of 65% of VF’s products sold were produced by and purchased or
procured from independent manufacturers located in countries in the Far East, Indian subcontinent,
Caribbean and
Central America, and more than 30% were produced by VF-owned and operated manufacturing facilities
located in Europe, Mexico and the Caribbean. Although no single supplier and no one country is
critical to VF’s production needs, any of the following could materially and adversely affect VF’s
ability to produce or deliver its products and, as a result, have a material adverse effect on VF’s
business, financial condition and results of operations:

•

political or labor instability in countries where VF’s facilities, contractors and
suppliers are located;

•

political or military conflict involving the United States, which could cause a delay in
the transportation of VF’s products and raw materials to VF and an increase in
transportation costs;

•

heightened terrorism security concerns, which could subject imported or exported goods to
additional, more frequent or more thorough inspections, leading to delays in deliveries or
impoundment of goods for extended periods or could result in decreased scrutiny by customs
officials for counterfeit goods, leading to lost sales, increased costs for VF’s
anti-counterfeiting measures and damage to the reputation of its brands;

•

disease epidemics and health-related concerns, such as the SARS, bird flu, mad cow and
hoof and mouth disease outbreaks in recent years, which could result in closed factories,
reduced workforces, scarcity of raw materials and scrutiny or embargo of VF’s goods produced
in infected areas;

•

imposition of regulations and quotas relating to imports and VF’s ability to adjust timely
to changes in trade regulations, which, among other things, could limit VF’s ability to
produce products in cost-effective countries that have the labor and expertise needed; and

•

imposition of duties, taxes and other charges on imports.

If VF’s suppliers fail to use acceptable ethical business practices, VF’s business could suffer.

VF requires third party suppliers to operate in compliance with applicable laws, rules and
regulations regarding working conditions, employment practices and environmental compliance.
Additionally, VF requires all suppliers making VF-branded apparel, whether directly for VF or for
its licensees, to comply with its Terms of Engagement and Global Compliance Principles. VF’s staff
and third parties retained for such purposes periodically visit and audit the operations of VF’s
independent manufacturers and owned and operated facilities to determine compliance. However, VF
does not control its independent manufacturers or their labor and other business practices. If one
of VF’s manufacturers violates labor or other laws or implements labor or other business practices
that are generally regarded as unethical in the United States, the shipment of finished products to
VF could be interrupted, orders could be cancelled, relationships could be terminated and VF’s
reputation could be damaged. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on VF’s
revenues and, consequently, its results of operations.

VF’s results of operations could be materially harmed if VF is unable to accurately forecast demand
for its products.

16

Table of Contents

VF often places orders for products with its manufacturers before its customers’ orders are firm.
Therefore, if VF fails to accurately forecast customer demand, VF may experience excess inventory
levels or a shortage of product to deliver to its customers. Factors that could affect VF’s
ability to accurately forecast demand for its products include:

•

an increase or decrease in consumer demand for VF’s products or for products of its
competitors;

•

VF’s failure to accurately forecast customer acceptance for its new products;

•

new product introductions by competitors;

•

unanticipated changes in general market conditions or other factors, which may result in
cancellations of advance orders or a reduction or increase in the rate of reorders placed by
retailers;

•

weak economic conditions or consumer confidence in future economic conditions, which could
reduce demand for discretionary items such as VF’s products; and

•

terrorism or acts of war, or the threat of terrorism or acts of war, which could adversely
affect consumer confidence and spending or interrupt production and distribution of product
and raw materials.

Inventory levels in excess of customer demand may result in inventory write-downs and the sale of
excess inventory at discounted prices, which would have an adverse effect on VF’s results of
operations and financial condition. In addition, if VF underestimates the demand for its products,
its manufacturing facilities or third party manufacturers may not be able to produce products to
meet VF’s customer requirements, and this could result in delays in the shipment of its products
and its ability to recognize revenue, as well as damage to its reputation and customer
relationships. There can be no assurance that VF will be able to successfully manage inventory
demand to meet future order and reorder requirements.

The loss of members of VF’s executive management and other key employees could have a material
adverse effect on its business.

VF depends on the services and management experience of its executive officers who have substantial
experience and expertise in VF’s business. VF also depends on other key employees involved in the
operation of its business. Competition for qualified personnel in the apparel industry is intense.
The unexpected loss of services of one or more of these individuals could materially adversely
affect VF.

VF may be unable to protect its trademarks and other intellectual property rights.

VF’s trademarks and other intellectual property rights are important to its success and its
competitive position. VF is susceptible to others imitating its products and infringing its
intellectual property rights. With the shift in product mix to higher priced brands, VF is more
susceptible to infringement of its intellectual property rights. Some of VF’s brands, such as The
North Face
â
, 
JanSport
â
, 
Nautica
â

,
Wrangler
â

and Lee
â
 brands, enjoy significant worldwide consumer
recognition, and the generally higher pricing of such branded products creates additional risk of
counterfeiting and infringement.

Imitation or counterfeiting of VF’s products or infringement of its intellectual property rights
could diminish the value of its brands or otherwise adversely affect VF revenues. Actions VF has
taken to establish and protect its trademarks and other intellectual property rights may not be
adequate to prevent imitation of its products by others or to prevent others from seeking to
invalidate its trademarks or block sales of VF’s products as a violation of the trademarks and
intellectual property rights of others.

17

Table of Contents

The value of VF’s intellectual property could diminish if others assert rights in, or ownership of,
trademarks and other intellectual property rights of VF’s or in trademarks that are similar to VF’s
or trademarks that VF licenses and/or markets. VF may be unable to successfully resolve these
types of conflicts to its satisfaction. In some cases, there may be trademark owners who have
prior rights to VF’s trademarks because the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect
intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. In other
cases, there may be holders who have prior rights to similar trademarks. VF is, from time to time,
involved in opposition and cancellation proceedings with respect to some items of its intellectual
property.

VF obtains licensing royalties and relies on its licensees to maintain the value of its brands.

Although only a relatively small portion of VF’s revenues, $74 million or 1.1%, were derived from
licensing royalties in 2005, and although VF generally has significant control over its licensee’s
products and advertising, VF relies on its licensees for, among other things, operational and
financial controls over their businesses. Failure of its licensees to successfully market licensed
products or VF’s inability to replace its existing licensees could adversely affect VF’s revenues,
both directly from reduced royalties received and indirectly from reduced sales of its other
products. Risks are also associated with a licensee’s ability to:

•

obtain capital;

•

manage its labor relations;

•

maintain relationships with its suppliers;

•

manage its credit risk effectively; and

•

maintain relationships with its customers.

In addition, VF relies on its licensees to help preserve the value of its brands. Although VF makes
every attempt to protect its brands through, among other things, approval rights over design,
production processes and quality, packaging, merchandising, distribution, advertising and promotion
of its products, VF cannot completely control the use by its licensees of each of its licensed
brands. The misuse of a brand by a licensee could have a material adverse effect on that brand.

RISKS APPLICABLE TO THE APPAREL INDUSTRY

VF’s revenues and profits depend on the level of consumer spending for apparel, which is sensitive
to general economic conditions and other factors affecting consumer confidence.

The apparel industry has historically been subject to substantial cyclical variations and is
particularly affected by adverse trends in the general economy. The success of VF’s operations
depends on consumer spending. Consumer spending is influenced by a number of factors, including
actual and perceived economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income (such as unemployment
and wages), business conditions, interest rates, energy prices, availability of credit and tax
rates in the international, national, regional and local markets where VF’s products are sold. Any
significant deterioration in general economic conditions, recession or increases in interest rates
could reduce the level of consumer spending and inhibit consumers’ use of credit. A significant
decline in the securities markets could materially affect consumer confidence, the financial
condition of VF’s customers, and its operating costs through higher contributions to its pension
plan. In addition, natural disasters, war, terrorist activity or the threat of war or terrorist
activity could adversely affect consumer spending and thereby have a material adverse effect on
VF’s financial condition and results of operations.

18

Table of Contents

Fluctuations in the price, availability and quality of raw materials could increase costs and cause
delay.

Fluctuations in the price, availability and quality of the fabrics or other raw materials used by
VF in its manufactured apparel could have a material adverse effect on VF’s cost of sales or its
ability to meet its customers’ demands. The prices for such fabrics depend on demand and market
prices for the raw materials used to produce them, particularly cotton. The price and availability
of such raw materials may fluctuate significantly, depending on many factors, including crop yields
and weather patterns. In the future, VF may not be able to pass all or a portion of such higher raw
materials prices on to its customers.

VF’s business is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations.

Approximately 25% of VF’s Total Revenues is derived from international markets. VF’s foreign
businesses operate in functional currencies other than the United States dollar. Assets and
liabilities in these foreign businesses are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates. In addition, VF sources and manufactures much of its products overseas. As a result, the
cost of these products may be affected by changes in the value of the relevant currencies. Changes
in currency exchange rates may also affect the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency
denominated prices at which VF’s international businesses sell products. Furthermore, VF’s
international sales and licensing revenue are derived from sales in foreign currencies. Although
VF hedges some exposures to changes in foreign currency exchange rates arising in the ordinary
course of business, foreign currency fluctuations could have a material adverse impact on its
financial condition and results of operations.

VF’s ability to sell products in international markets may be affected by legal, regulatory,
political and economic risks.

VF’s ability to capitalize on growth in new international markets and to maintain the current level
of operations in its existing international markets is subject to risks associated with
international operations. These include the burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws and
regulations, unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, new tariffs or other barriers to some
international markets.

VF cannot predict whether quotas, duties, taxes or other similar restrictions will be imposed by
the United States, the European Union, Japan or other countries upon the import or export of its
products in the future, or what effect any of these actions would have on VF’s business, financial
condition or results of operations. Changes in regulatory, geopolitical policies and other factors
may adversely affect VF’s business or may require VF to modify its current business practices.