.

The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating VF’s business and
the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K. Any of the following risks could
materially adversely affect VF’s business, its operating results and its financial condition.

16

RISKS SPECIFIC TO VF CORPORATION

A substantial portion of VF’s revenues and gross profit is derived from a small number of large
customers. The loss of any of these customers could substantially reduce VF’s profits.

A few of VF’s customers account for a significant portion of revenues. Sales to VF’s ten largest
customers were 27% of Total Revenues in fiscal 2007, with Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. accounting for 12%
of revenues. Sales are generally on a purchase order basis, and we do not have long-term
agreements with any of our customers. A decision by any of VF’s major customers to decrease
significantly the number of products purchased from VF could substantially reduce revenues and have
a material adverse effect on VF’s financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, the
retail industry has experienced consolidation and other ownership changes, such as the merger of
Federated Department Stores, Inc. and The May Department Stores Company in 2005 and the merger of
Sears, Roebuck and Company and Kmart Holding Corporation in 2005. In the future, retailers may
further consolidate, undergo restructurings or reorganizations, realign their affiliations or
reposition their stores’ target market. These developments could reduce the number of stores
that carry VF’s products or increase the ownership concentration within the retail industry. These
changes could both impact VF’s opportunities in the market and increase VF’s reliance on a smaller
number of large customers.

VF’s business could be adversely affected by financial instability experienced by its customers.

During the past several years, various retailers have experienced significant financial
difficulties, which in some cases have resulted in bankruptcies, liquidations and store closings. The financial difficulties of a customer
could result in reduced business with that customer. VF may also assume higher credit risk
relating to receivables of a customer experiencing financial difficulty. If these developments
occur, our inability to shift sales to other customers or to collect on VF’s trade accounts
receivable from a major customer could substantially reduce VF’s income and have a material adverse
effect on its financial condition and results of operations.

The apparel industry is highly competitive, and VF’s success depends on its ability to respond to
constantly changing fashion trends and consumer demand. Reduced sales or prices resulting from
competition could have a material adverse effect on VF.

VF competes with numerous brands and manufacturers of apparel. Some of our
competitors may be larger and have more resources than VF in certain product categories. In
addition, VF competes directly with the private label brands of its wholesale customers. VF’s
ability to compete within the apparel and footwear industries depends on its ability to:

 •

Anticipate and respond to changing consumer trends in a timely manner;

 •

Develop attractive, quality products;

 •

Maintain favorable brand recognition;

 •

Price products appropriately;

 •

Provide effective marketing support;

 •

Ensure product availability and optimize supply chain efficiencies; and

 •

Obtain sufficient retail floor space and effectively present its products at retail.

The failure to compete effectively or to keep pace with rapidly changing markets and trends could
have a material adverse effect on VF’s business, financial condition and results of operations. In
addition, if we misjudge fashion trends and market conditions, we could be faced with significant
excess inventories for some products that we may have to sell at a loss or missed opportunities that may result in lost sales.

VF’s profitability may decline as a result of increasing pressure on margins.

17

The apparel industry is subject to significant pricing pressure caused by many factors, including
intense competition, consolidation in the retail industry, pressure from retailers to reduce the
costs of products and changes in consumer demand. These factors may cause us to reduce our sales
prices to retailers and consumers, which could cause VF’s gross margin to decline if we are unable
to offset price reductions with comparable reductions in operating costs. If VF’s sales prices
decline and we fail to sufficiently reduce our product costs or operating expenses, VF’s
profitability will decline. This could have a material adverse effect on VF’s results of
operations, liquidity and financial condition.

VF
has entered into license agreements to use the trademarks of others.
Loss of a license could have an adverse effect on VF’s operating
results.

VF has
entered into agreements to market products under licenses granted by
third parties, including Major League Baseball, the National Football
League and Harley-Davidson Motor Company, Inc. Some of these
licenses are for a short term and do not contain renewal options,
although we anticipate being able to renew those licenses before the
agreements expire. Loss of a license, which in certain cases could result in
an impairment charge for related intangible assets, could have a material adverse effect
on VF’s operating results.

VF may not succeed in implementing its growth strategy.

One of our key strategic objectives is growth. We seek to grow through both organic growth and
acquisitions, building new growing lifestyle brands, expanding our share with winning customers,
stretching VF’s brands and customers to new geographies, fueling the growth by leveraging our
supply chain and information technology capabilities across VF, expanding our direct-to-consumer
business and building new growth enablers by identifying and developing high potential employees.
We may not be able to grow our existing businesses or achieve planned cost savings from ongoing
businesses. We may have difficulty identifying acquisition targets, and we may not be able to
successfully integrate a newly acquired business or achieve any expected cost savings or synergies
from such integration. We may not be able to expand our market share with winning customers,
expand our brands geographically or achieve the expected results from our supply chain initiatives.
We may also have difficulty recruiting or developing qualified managers. The failure to implement
its growth strategies may have a material adverse effect on VF’s business.

If VF encounters problems with its distribution system, VF’s ability to deliver its products to the
market would be adversely affected.

VF relies on its distribution facilities to warehouse and, using its own employees or in some cases
independent contractors, to ship product to its customers. VF’s distribution system includes
computer-controlled and automated equipment, which means its operations are complicated and may be
subject to a number of risks related to security or computer viruses, the proper operation of
software and hardware, electronic or power interruptions or other system failures. Because
substantially all of VF’s products are distributed from a relatively small number of locations,
VF’s operations could also be interrupted by earthquakes, floods, fires or other natural disasters
near its distribution centers. We maintain business interruption insurance, but it may not
adequately protect VF from the adverse effects that could be caused by significant disruptions in
VF’s distribution facilities, such as the long-term loss of customers or an erosion of brand image.
In addition, VF’s distribution capacity is dependent on the timely performance of services by
third parties, including the transportation of product to and from its distribution facilities. If
we encounter problems with our distribution system, our ability to meet customer expectations,
manage inventory, complete sales and achieve objectives for operating efficiencies could be
materially adversely affected.

VF relies significantly on information technology. Any inadequacy, interruption, integration
failure or security failure of that technology could harm VF’s ability to effectively operate its
business.

Our ability to effectively manage and operate our business depends significantly on its information
technology systems. The failure of these systems to operate effectively, problems with
transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, difficulty in integrating new systems or systems
of acquired businesses or a breach in security of these systems could adversely impact the
operations of VF’s business. Moreover, VF and its customers could suffer harm if customer
information were accessed by third parties due to a security failure in VF’s systems. It could
also require significant expenditures to remediate any such failure, problem or breach.

VF uses foreign suppliers and manufacturing facilities for a substantial portion of its raw
materials and finished products, which poses risks to VF’s business operations.

During fiscal 2007, approximately 74% of VF’s products sold were produced by and purchased or
procured from independent manufacturers primarily located in Asia, with substantially all of the remainder produced by VF-owned
and operated

18

manufacturing
facilities located in Eastern Europe, Mexico and Central America. Although no
single supplier and no one country is critical to VF’s production needs, any of the following could
materially and adversely affect our ability to produce or deliver VF products and, as a result,
have a material adverse effect on VF’s business, financial condition and results of operations:

 •

Political or labor instability in countries where VF’s facilities, contractors and suppliers
are located;

 •

Political or military conflict involving the United States, which could cause a delay in the
transportation of raw materials and products to VF and an increase in transportation costs;

 •

Heightened terrorism security concerns, which could subject imported or exported goods to
additional, more frequent or more lengthy inspections, leading to delays in deliveries or
impoundment of goods for extended periods or could result in decreased scrutiny by customs
officials for counterfeit goods, leading to lost sales, increased costs for VF’s
anticounterfeiting measures and damage to the reputation of its brands;

 •

Disease epidemics and health-related concerns, such as the SARS, bird flu, mad cow and
hoof-and-mouth disease outbreaks in recent years, which could result in closed factories,
reduced workforces, scarcity of raw materials and scrutiny or embargo of VF’s goods produced
in infected areas;

 •

Imposition of regulations and quotas relating to imports and our ability to adjust timely to
changes in trade regulations, which, among other things, could limit our ability to produce
products in cost-effective countries that have the labor and expertise needed;

 •

Imposition of duties, taxes and other charges on imports; and

 •

Imposition or the repeal of laws that affect intellectual property rights.

If VF’s suppliers fail to use acceptable ethical business practices, VF’s business could suffer.

We require third party suppliers to operate in compliance with applicable laws, rules and
regulations regarding working conditions, employment practices and environmental compliance.
Additionally, we require all suppliers making VF-branded apparel, whether directly for VF or for
its licensees, to comply with VF’s Terms of Engagement and Global Compliance Principles. Our staff
and third parties retained for such purposes periodically visit and audit the operations of VF’s
owned and operated facilities and those of independent contractors manufacturing product for VF to
determine compliance. However, we do not control independent manufacturers or their labor and
other business practices. If one of our independent contractors violates labor or other laws or
implements labor or other business practices that are generally regarded as unethical in the United
States, the shipment of finished products to VF could be interrupted, orders could be cancelled,
relationships could be terminated, and VF’s reputation could be damaged. Any of these events could
have a material adverse effect on VF’s revenues and, consequently, its results of operations.

VF’s results of operations could be materially harmed if VF is unable to accurately forecast demand
for its products.

We often schedule internal production and place orders for products with independent manufacturers
before our customers’ orders are firm. Therefore, if we fail to accurately forecast customer
demand, we may experience excess inventory levels or a shortage of product to deliver to our
customers. Factors that could affect our ability to accurately forecast demand for our products
include:

 •

An increase or decrease in consumer demand for VF’s products or for products of its
competitors;

 •

Our failure to accurately forecast customer acceptance of new products;

 •

New product introductions by competitors;

 •

Unanticipated changes in general market conditions or other factors, which may result in
cancellations of orders or a reduction or increase in the rate of reorders placed by
retailers;

19

 •

Weak economic conditions or consumer confidence in future economic conditions, which could
reduce demand for discretionary items such as VF’s products; and

 •

Terrorism or acts of war, or the threat of terrorism or acts of war, which could adversely
affect consumer confidence and spending or interrupt production and distribution of product
and raw materials.

Inventory levels in excess of customer demand may result in inventory write-downs and the sale of
excess inventory at discounted prices, which could have an adverse effect on VF’s results of
operations and financial condition. In addition, if we underestimate demand for our products, our
manufacturing facilities or third party manufacturers may not be able to produce products to meet
customer requirements, and this could result in delays in the shipment of products and lost
revenues, as well as damage to VF’s reputation and customer relationships. There can be no
assurance that we will be able to successfully manage inventory demand to meet future order and
reorder requirements.

The loss of members of VF’s executive management and other key employees could have a material
adverse effect on its business.

VF depends
on the services and management experience of its executive officers
and business leaders who have substantial
experience and expertise in VF’s business. VF also depends on other key employees involved in the
operation of its business. Competition for qualified personnel in the apparel industry is intense.
The unexpected loss of services of one or more of these individuals
could have a material adverse effect on VF.

VF may be unable to protect its trademarks and other intellectual property rights.

VF’s trademarks and other intellectual property rights are important to its success and its
competitive position. VF is susceptible to others imitating its products and infringing its
intellectual property rights. With the shift in product mix to higher priced brands, VF is more
susceptible to infringement of its intellectual property rights. Some of VF’s brands, such as The
North Face
â
, 
JanSport
â
, 
Nautica
â

,
Wrangler
â
 and 
Lee
â
 brands, enjoy significant worldwide consumer
recognition, and the generally higher pricing of such products creates additional risk of
counterfeiting and infringement.

Infringement or counterfeiting of VF’s products or its other intellectual property rights could
diminish the value of our brands or otherwise adversely affect VF revenues. Actions we have taken
to establish and protect VF’s intellectual property rights may not be adequate to prevent imitation
of its products by others or to prevent others from seeking to invalidate its trademarks or block
sales of VF’s products as a violation of the trademarks and intellectual property rights of others.
In addition, unilateral actions in the United States or other countries, such as changes to or the
repeal of laws recognizing trademark or other intellectual property
rights, could have an impact on
VF’s ability to enforce those rights.

The value of VF’s intellectual property could diminish if others assert rights in, or ownership of,
trademarks and other intellectual property rights of VF, or in trademarks that are similar to VF’s
trademarks, or trademarks that VF licenses and/or markets. We may be unable to successfully
resolve these types of conflicts to our satisfaction. In some cases, there may be trademark owners
who have prior rights to VF’s trademarks because the laws of certain foreign countries may not
protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. In
other cases, there may be holders who have prior rights to similar trademarks. VF is from time to
time involved in opposition and cancellation proceedings with respect to some items of its
intellectual property.

VF obtains licensing royalties and relies on its licensees to maintain the value of its brands.

Only a relatively small portion of VF’s revenues, $78 million or 1.1%, was derived from
licensing royalties in 2007. Although VF generally has significant control over its licensee
products and advertising, we rely on them for, among other things, operational and
financial controls over their businesses. Failure of our licensees to successfully market licensed products or our inability to replace existing licensees

20

could adversely affect VF’s revenues, both directly from reduced royalties
received and indirectly from reduced sales of our other products. Risks are also associated with a
licensee’s ability to:

 •

Obtain capital;

 •

Manage its labor relations;

 •

Maintain relationships with its suppliers;

 •

Manage its credit risk effectively; and

 •

Maintain relationships with its customers.

In addition, VF relies on its licensees to help preserve the value of its brands. Although we make
every attempt to protect VF’s brands through, among other things, approval rights over design,
production processes and quality, packaging, merchandising, distribution, advertising and promotion
of its products, we cannot completely control the use of licensed VF brands by our licensees. The
misuse of a brand by a licensee could have a material adverse effect on that brand.

VF’s balance sheet includes a significant amount of intangible assets and goodwill. A decline in
the estimated fair value of an intangible asset or of a business unit could result in an asset impairment charge, which would
be recorded as an operating loss in VF’s Consolidated Statement of Income.

Under current accounting standards, we estimate the fair value of acquired assets, including
intangible assets, and assumed liabilities arising from a business acquisition. The excess, if
any, of the cost of the acquired business over the fair value of net tangible assets acquired is
goodwill. The goodwill is then assigned to a business unit or
“reporting unit” within VF, which depends on whether the acquired business will be operated as a
separate business unit or integrated into an existing VF business unit.

At December 2007, VF had approximately $1.0 billion of trademark intangible assets and $1.3 billion
of goodwill on its balance sheet. These assets are not required to be amortized under current accounting
rules. In addition, VF had approximately $0.5 billion of intangible
assets that are being amortized under current accounting rules. The
combined amounts represent 42% of VF’s Total Assets and 76% of Common Stockholders’
Equity.

Trademark intangible assets that are not amortized and goodwill must be tested for impairment at
least annually. The impairment test requires us to estimate the fair value of VF’s business units
and related intangible assets, primarily using discounted cash flow methodologies based on forecasted
revenues and cash flows that will be derived from a business unit or
trademark. Intangible assets that are being amortized must be tested
for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that their
carrying value might not be recoverable.

If the carrying value of goodwill or of intangible assets were to
exceed its fair value, the asset would be written down to its fair value, with the impairment loss
recognized as a noncash charge in the Consolidated Statement of Income. We have not had any
significant impairment charges. However, a future impairment loss could have a material adverse
effect on VF’s results of operations and financial condition.

RISKS APPLICABLE TO THE APPAREL INDUSTRY

VF’s revenues and profits depend on the level of consumer spending for apparel, which is sensitive
to general economic conditions and other factors affecting consumer confidence.

The apparel industry has historically been subject to cyclical variations and is
particularly affected by adverse trends in the general economy. The success of VF’s operations
depends on consumer spending. Consumer spending is influenced by a number of factors, including
actual and perceived economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income (such as unemployment
and wages), business conditions, interest rates, energy prices, availability of credit and tax
rates in the international, national, regional and local markets where VF’s products are sold. Any
significant deterioration in general economic conditions, recession or increases in interest rates
could reduce the level of consumer spending and inhibit consumers’ use of credit. A significant
decline in the securities markets could materially affect consumer confidence, the financial
condition of VF’s

21

customers and VF’s operating costs through higher contributions to its pension plan. In addition,
natural disasters, war, terrorist activity or the threat of war or terrorist activity could
adversely affect consumer spending and thereby have a material adverse effect on VF’s financial
condition and results of operations.

Fluctuations in the price, availability and quality of raw materials could increase costs and cause
service delays.

Fluctuations in the price, availability and quality of fabrics or other raw materials used by VF in
its manufactured apparel could have a material adverse effect on VF’s cost of sales or its ability
to meet its customers’ demands. The prices for such fabrics depend on demand and market prices for
the raw materials used to produce them, particularly cotton. The price and availability of such
raw materials may fluctuate significantly, depending on many factors, including crop yields and
weather patterns. In the future, VF may not be able to pass all or a portion of such higher raw
materials prices on to its customers.

VF’s business is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations.

Approximately 28% of VF’s Total Revenues is derived from international markets. VF’s foreign
businesses operate in functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Assets, liabilities,
revenues and expenses in these foreign businesses are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency
exchange rates. In addition, VF sources and manufactures most of its products overseas. As a
result, the cost of these products may be affected by changes in the value of the relevant
currencies. Changes in currency exchange rates may also affect the U.S. dollar value of the
foreign currency denominated amounts at which VF’s international businesses purchase products,
incur costs or sell products. Furthermore, VF’s international sales and licensing revenue are
derived from sales in foreign currencies. Although we hedge some exposures to changes in foreign
currency exchange rates arising in the ordinary course of business, foreign currency fluctuations
could have a material adverse impact on VF’s financial condition and results of operations.

VF’s ability to sell products in international markets may be affected by legal, regulatory,
political and economic risks.

Our ability to maintain the current level of operations in our existing international markets and
to capitalize on growth in new international markets is subject to risks associated with
international operations. These include the burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws and
regulations, unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, new tariffs or other barriers to some
international markets.

We cannot predict whether quotas, duties, taxes or other similar restrictions will be imposed by
the United States, the European Union, Japan or other countries upon
the import or export of our
products in the future, or what effect any of these actions would have on VF’s business, financial
condition or results of operations. Changes in regulatory, geopolitical policies and other factors
may adversely affect VF’s business or may require us to modify our current business practices.