. 

A wide range of risks may affect our business and financial results, now and in the
future. We consider the risks described below to be the most significant. There may be other currently unknown or unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or other factors that could have material adverse effects on our future
results. 

Risks Related to our Business 

Our Success is Dependent upon Audience Acceptance of our Programming, Motion Pictures and Other Entertainment Content which is Difficult to Predict 

The production and distribution of cable television programs, motion pictures and other entertainment content are inherently risky businesses because the revenues we derive and our ability to distribute and license rights to our content
depend primarily upon its acceptance by the public, which is difficult to predict. Audience tastes change frequently and it is a challenge to anticipate what content will be successful at a certain point in time. In addition, the commercial success
of our programming, motion pictures and other content also depends upon the quality and acceptance of competing programs, motion pictures and other content available or released into the marketplace at or near the same time. Some of our most
profitable networks have recently experienced a ratings decline. Other factors, including the availability of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure time activities, general economic conditions, piracy, digital and on-demand distribution and
growing competition for consumer discretionary spending may also affect the audience for our content. 

Audience sizes for our media networks are factors
that are weighed when deciding on the advertising rates and the negotiation of affiliate fees that we receive. Poor ratings reduce volume and may reduce pricing of advertising inventory and consequently, revenues. Furthermore, the theatrical success
of a feature film may impact not only the theatrical revenues we receive but also those from other distribution channels, such as DVD sales, pay television and sales of licensed consumer products. A poor theatrical performance may also impact our
negotiating strength with distributors and retailers, resulting in less desirable product promotion. Consequently, reduced public acceptance of our entertainment content has the ability to affect all of our revenue streams and would have an adverse
effect on our results of operations. 

The Loss of Affiliation Agreements Could Cause Our Revenues to Decline in Any Given Period or in Specific Markets

We are dependent upon the maintenance of affiliation agreements with cable television operators, DTH satellite operators and other distributors for
the distribution of our media networks. We currently have agreements in place with the major distributors, which expire over the next several years beginning at the end of 2008, and are negotiating with other distributors or for specific channel
carriage on a rolling basis. There can be no assurance that these affiliation agreements will be renewed in the future on terms acceptable to us. The loss of a significant number of these arrangements or the loss of carriage on the most widely
available programming tiers could reduce the distribution of our program services and decrease the potential audience for our programs, which could adversely affect advertising and affiliate fee revenues. In addition, further consolidation among
cable and DTH satellite operators and increased vertical integration of such distributors into the cable or broadcast television businesses could adversely affect our ability to negotiate the launch of new networks or to maintain or expand
distribution for existing networks. In a more concentrated market, there can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain or maintain carriage of our programming services by distributors on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 

We Must Respond to and Capitalize on Rapid Changes in Consumer Behavior resulting from New Technologies and Distribution Platforms in Order to Remain Competitive and
Exploit New Opportunities 

Technology in the online and mobile arenas is changing rapidly. We must adapt to advances in technologies, distribution
outlets and content transfer and storage (legally or illegally) to ensure that our content remains 

18 

Table of Contents

desirable and widely available to our audiences while protecting our intellectual property interests. The ability to anticipate and take advantage of new and
future sources of revenue from these technological developments will affect our ability to continue to increase our revenue and expand our business. We may not have the right, and may not be able to secure the right, to distribute some of our
licensed content across these, or any other, new platforms and must adapt accordingly. 

Similarly, we also must adapt to changing consumer behavior driven
by technological advances such as video-on-demand and a desire for more short form and user-generated and interactive content. These technological advances may impact our traditional distribution methods, such as reducing the demand for DVD product
and the desire to see motion pictures in theaters. In addition, devices that allow consumers to view our entertainment content from remote locations or on a time-delayed basis and technologies which enable users to fast-forward or skip
advertisements may cause changes in audience behavior that could affect the attractiveness of our offerings to advertisers and could therefore adversely affect our revenues. If we cannot ensure that our content is responsive to the lifestyles of our
target audiences and capitalize on technological advances, there could be a negative effect on our business. 

Piracy of Our Entertainment Content,
Including Digital Piracy, May Decrease Revenue Received from Our Programming and Motion Pictures and Adversely Affect Our Business and Profitability 

The success of our business depends in part on our ability to maintain the intellectual property rights to our entertainment content. We are fundamentally a content company and piracy of our brands, motion pictures and DVDs, cable
television and other programming, digital content and other intellectual property has the potential to significantly affect us. Piracy is particularly prevalent in many parts of the world that lack copyright and other protections similar to existing
law in the United States. It is also made easier by technological advances allowing the conversion of motion pictures, programming and other content into digital formats, which facilitates the creation, transmission and sharing of high quality
unauthorized copies. Unauthorized distribution of copyrighted material over the Internet such as through video sharing and other file-sharing services that either ignore or interfere with the security features of digital content is a threat to
copyright owners’ ability to protect and exploit their property. The proliferation of unauthorized use of our entertainment content may have an adverse effect on our business and profitability because it reduces the revenue that we potentially
could receive from the legitimate sale and distribution of our content. 

Our Revenues and Operating Results Are Subject to Cyclical and Seasonal
Variations 

Our revenues and operating results fluctuate due to the timing and availability of our theatrical and home entertainment releases, cable
television programming and the beginning of the license periods for our entertainment content. Our operating results also fluctuate due to the timing of the recognition of production and print and advertising costs, which are typically largely
incurred prior to the release of motion picture and home entertainment programming, and the recognition of related revenues in later periods. In addition, the success of our individual titles may vary, causing our operating results to fluctuate.

Our business has experienced and is expected to continue to experience some seasonality due to, among other things, seasonal advertising patterns and
seasonal influences on people’s viewing habits and attendance. Typically, our revenue from advertising increases in the fourth quarter and revenue from feature films increases in the summer, around holidays and in the fourth quarter. The effect
of such seasonality makes it difficult to estimate future operating results based on the results of any specific quarter. 

Increased Programming and
Content Costs May Adversely Affect Our Profits 

We produce a significant amount of original programming and incur costs for all types of creative
talent including actors, writers and producers, and for new show concepts. We also acquire programming, such as movies and television series, from television production companies and movie studios. An increase in the costs of programming may lead to
decreased profitability. 

19 

Table of Contents

An increase in licensing costs could also affect our profits. For example, we license music videos for exhibition on our
cable channels and other programming services from record companies in exchange for cash and advertising time or for promotional consideration only. We have entered into global music video licensing agreements with the major record companies and
into global or regional license agreements with certain independent record companies. We also license various other music rights from record companies, music publishers, performing rights societies and others. There can be no assurance that we will
be able to obtain license renewals or additional license agreements and, if so, on favorable terms. There can also be no assurance that we will be able to secure the rights to distribute the content of our licenses over new platforms on acceptable
terms. If we fail to obtain such extensions, renewals or agreements on acceptable terms and consequently cannot obtain licensing rights for content needed in our operations, our revenue or costs may be adversely affected. 

The Loss of Key Talent Could Disrupt Our Business and Adversely Affect Our Revenues 

Our business depends upon the continued efforts, abilities and expertise of our corporate and divisional executive teams and entertainment personalities. We employ or contract with several entertainment personalities
with loyal audiences and also produce motion pictures with highly regarded directors, actors and other talent. These individuals are important to achieving audience endorsement of our programs, motion pictures and other content. There can be no
assurance that these individuals will remain with us or will retain their current audiences. If we fail to retain these individuals or if our entertainment personalities lose their current audience base, our revenues could be adversely affected.

The Failure or Destruction of Satellites and Facilities that We Depend Upon to Distribute Our Programming Could Adversely Affect Our Business and
Results of Operations 

We use satellite systems to transmit our media networks to cable television operators and other distributors worldwide. The
distribution facilities include uplinks, communications satellites and downlinks. Notwithstanding back-up and redundant systems, transmissions may be disrupted as a result of local disasters that impair on-ground uplinks or downlinks, or as a result
of an impairment of a satellite. Currently, there are a limited number of communications satellites available for the transmission of programming. If a disruption occurs, we may not be able to secure alternate distribution facilities in a timely
manner. Failure to secure alternate distribution facilities in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Our Obligations Related to Guarantees and Litigation Could Adversely Impact Our Financial Condition 

We have both recognized and potential
liabilities and costs related to discontinued operations and former businesses, including, among other things, potential liabilities to landlords if Blockbuster Inc. should default on certain store leases entered into prior to its initial public
offering in 1999 or if Famous Players Inc. should default on certain theater leases. We also are involved in pending and threatened litigation from time to time. We cannot assure you that our reserves are sufficient to cover these liabilities in
their entirety or any one of these liabilities when it becomes due or at what point any of these or new liabilities may affect us. Therefore, there can be no assurance that these liabilities will not have an adverse effect on our financial
condition. 

Risks Related to our Industry 

A Decline in Advertising Expenditures Could Cause Our Revenues and Operating Results to Decline Significantly in Any Given Period or in Specific Markets 

We derive substantial revenues from the sale of advertising on our media networks. A decline in advertising expenditures generally or in specific markets could significantly adversely affect our revenues and operating
results in any given period. Declines can be caused by the economic prospects of advertisers or the economy in general could alter current or prospective advertisers’ spending priorities. Disasters, acts of terrorism, political 

20 

Table of Contents

uncertainty or hostilities could lead to a reduction in advertising expenditures as a result of economic uncertainty. In addition, advertising revenues may
be affected by increasing competition for the leisure time of audiences, including a shift in spending towards online outlets and away from more traditional media. Our advertising revenues may also be adversely affected by changes in audience
ratings, which advertisers rely upon in making decisions to purchase advertising. Advertising expenditures by companies in certain sectors of the economy, including the children’s toys and entertainment sectors, represent a sizeable portion of
our advertising revenues. Any political, economic, social or technological change may result in a reduction of these sectors’ advertising expenditures. For example, Federal legislators and regulators could impose additional limitations on
advertising to children in an effort to combat childhood obesity and unhealthy eating or for other reasons. Any reduction in advertising expenditures could have an adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 

Our Businesses Operate in Highly Competitive Industries 

Participants in the cable networks, digital and motion picture industries depend primarily upon the sale of advertising, receipt of affiliate fees and revenues generated by the distribution of motion pictures on various media. Competition
for viewers, advertising and distribution is intense and comes from broadcast television, specialty cable networks, online and mobile properties, movie studios and independent film producers and distributors, local, regional and national newspapers,
video gaming sites and other media that compete for advertising dollars. In particular, online websites and search engines have seen significant advertising growth, a portion of which is derived from traditional cable network advertisers. In
addition, there has been consolidation in the media industry and our competitors include market participants with interests in multiple media businesses which are often vertically integrated. Our ability to compete successfully depends on a number
of factors, including our ability to provide high quality and popular entertainment content, adapt to new technologies and distribution platforms and achieve widespread distribution. In addition, cable television operators and DTH satellite
operators have developed new techniques that allow them to transmit more channels on their existing equipment to highly targeted audiences, reducing the cost of creating channels and potentially leading to the division of the television marketplace
into more specialized niche audiences. More television options increase competition for viewers, and competitors targeting programming to narrowly defined audiences may gain an advantage over us for television advertising and subscription revenues.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or potential competitors, or that competition will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of
operations. 

Requirements that Cable Television Operators Offer Programming on an à la Carte or Tiered Basis May Decrease the Distribution of
Program Services and Affect Our Results of Operations 

Certain policymakers maintain that cable television operators should be required to offer
programming to subscribers on a network-by-network, or à la carte, basis or to provide programming tiers designed specifically for certain audiences, such as family tiers. In response, certain cable television operators and other distributors
have recently introduced tiers to their customers that may or may not include some or all of our networks. Legislation was introduced last year that would effectively require cable television operators to offer all programming on an à la
carte basis. This legislation was defeated in Senate committee and it is unclear whether it will be pursued. The unbundling or tiering of program services could reduce distribution of certain of our cable program services, thereby leading to reduced
viewership and increased marketing expenses, and could affect our ability to compete for or attract the same level of advertising dollars. A decline in subscribers could lead to a reduction in our advertising sales and the amount of affiliate fees
paid by distributors. 

Changes in U.S. or Foreign Communications Laws or Other Regulations May Have an Adverse Effect on Our Business 

The multichannel video programming and distribution industries in the United States are highly regulated by U.S. federal laws and regulations issued and administered by
various federal agencies, including the FCC. For 

21 

Table of Contents

example, federal legislation and FCC rules limit the amount and content of commercial material that may be shown on video programming channels during
programming designed for children 12 years of age and younger. On January 2, 2007, new FCC rules containing additional restrictions on children’s advertising became effective. 

In addition, the U.S. Congress and the FCC currently have under consideration, and may in the future adopt, new laws, regulations and policies regarding a wide variety
of matters that could, directly or indirectly, affect the operations and ownership of our U.S. media properties. For example, some policymakers support the extension of indecency rules applicable to over-the-air broadcasters to cover cable and
satellite programming. Other domestic and international regulators support imposing additional limitations on advertising to children, including the recent OFCOM ruling in the United Kingdom. Copyright and piracy issues may also become the subject
of regulatory action in addition to the judicial action we are currently seeing. Our business could be affected, potentially materially, by any such new laws, regulations and policies. Similarly, changes in regulations imposed by governments in
other jurisdictions in which we, or entities in which we have an interest, operate could adversely affect our business, results of operations and ability to expand these operations beyond their current scope. 

We Could Be Adversely Affected by Strikes and Other Union Activity 

We and our suppliers engage the services of writers, directors, actors and other talent, trade employees and others who are subject to collective bargaining agreements. If we or our suppliers are unable to renew expiring collective
bargaining agreements, certain of which are expiring in the next year or two, it is possible that the affected unions could take action in the form of strikes or work stoppages. Such actions, higher costs in connection with these agreements or a
significant labor dispute could adversely affect our business by causing delays in the production, the release date or by reducing the profit margins of our programming or feature films. 

Political and Economic Risks Associated with Our Businesses Could Harm Our Financial Condition 

Our businesses
operate and have customers worldwide. Inherent risks of doing business in international markets include, among other risks, changes in the economic environment, export restrictions, currency exchange controls, tariffs and other trade barriers and
longer payment cycles. We may incur substantial expense as a result of the imposition of new restrictions or changes in the existing economic environment in the regions where we do business. Acts of terrorism or other hostilities, or other future
financial, political, economic or other uncertainties, could lead to a reduction in advertising and other revenue, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Risks Related to our Separation from CBS Corporation 

Our Historical Financial Information May Not Be Indicative of Our Results as a Separate Company 

The historical financial information
presented in this Form 10-K relating to 2005 and 2004 prior to our separation from CBS Corporation is presented on a carve-out basis and may not necessarily reflect what our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows would have
been had we been operating as a stand-alone entity during the periods presented or what our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows will be in the future. As a result, historical financial information should not be relied upon as
being indicative of our future results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Our Business and Other Businesses Which Are Controlled By
Sumner Redstone, Including CBS Corporation, Are and Will Continue to Be Attributable to Each Other for Certain Regulatory Purposes 

So long as we and
CBS Corporation are under common control, each company’s businesses, as well as the businesses of any other commonly controlled company, such as NAI, NAIRI and Midway Games, Inc., which is also controlled by Mr. Redstone, may be
attributable to the other companies for purposes of U.S. and non-U.S. antitrust rules and regulations, certain rules and regulations of the FCC, and certain rules regarding political 

22 

Table of Contents

campaign contributions in the United States, among others. The businesses of each company may continue to be attributable to the other companies for FCC
purposes even after the companies cease to be commonly controlled, if the companies share common officers, directors, or attributable stockholders. As a result, the businesses and conduct of any of these other companies may have the effect of
limiting the activities or strategic business alternatives available to us. 

The Separation Agreement Between CBS Corporation and Us Prohibits Us from
Engaging in Certain Types of Businesses 

Under the terms of the Separation Agreement, we generally agreed that we will not own or acquire certain
interests in specified types of media companies if such ownership would cause CBS Corporation to be in violation of U.S. federal laws limiting the ownership of broadcast licenses or if it would limit CBS Corporation’s ability under these laws
to acquire television or radio stations or television networks. Additionally, we may not make acquisitions, enter into agreements or accept or agree to any condition that purports to bind CBS Corporation or subjects CBS Corporation to restrictions
it is not otherwise subject to by legal order without CBS Corporation’s consent. We and CBS Corporation have agreed that prior to the earliest of (1) the fourth anniversary of the separation (December 31, 2009), (2) the date on which
none of Mr. Redstone, NAI, NAIRI or any of their successors, assigns or transferees are deemed to have interests in both CBS Corporation and Viacom that are attributable under applicable U.S. federal laws and (3) the date on which the
other company ceases to own the video programming vendors that it owns as of the separation, neither of us will own or acquire an interest in a cable television operator if such ownership would subject the other company to U.S. federal laws
regulating contractual relationships between video programming vendors and video programming distributors that the other company is not then subject to. These restrictions could limit the strategic business alternatives available to us. 

We Rely on CBS Corporation’s Performance under Various Agreements 

In connection with the separation, we entered into various agreements, including the Separation Agreement, Tax Matters Agreement, and certain related party arrangements pursuant to which we provide services and products to CBS Corporation
after the separation. The Separation Agreement sets forth the distribution of assets, liabilities, rights and obligations between us and CBS Corporation pursuant to the separation, and includes indemnification obligations for such liabilities and
obligations. In addition, pursuant to the Tax Matters Agreement, certain income tax liabilities and related responsibilities are allocated between, and indemnification obligations have been assumed by, each of us and CBS Corporation. Each company
will rely on the other company to satisfy its performance and payment obligations under these agreements. Certain of the liabilities to be assumed or indemnified by us or CBS Corporation under these agreements are legal or contractual liabilities of
the other company. If CBS Corporation were to breach or be unable to satisfy its material obligations under these agreements, including a failure to satisfy its indemnification obligations, we could suffer operational difficulties or significant
losses. 

Risks Related to our Control Structure 

NAI, Through Its Voting Control of Viacom, is in a Position to Control Actions that Require Stockholder Approval and May Have Interests that are Different than Yours 

NAI, through its beneficial ownership of our Class A common stock, has voting control of Viacom. Sumner M. Redstone, the controlling stockholder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of NAI, serves as our
Executive Chairman and Founder, and Shari Redstone, the President and a director of NAI, serves as the non-executive Vice Chair of our Board of Directors. In addition, George Abrams and Philippe Dauman, our President and Chief Executive
Officer, are directors of both NAI and Viacom. NAI is in a position to control the outcome of corporate actions that require stockholder approval, including the election of directors and transactions involving a change of control. The interests of
NAI may not be the same as yours and you will be unable to affect the outcome of our corporate actions for so long as NAI retains voting control. 

23 

Table of Contents

Certain Members of Management, Directors and Stockholders May Face Actual or Potential Conflicts of Interest

The management and directors of Viacom and CBS Corporation own both our common stock and CBS Corporation common stock, and both Viacom and CBS
Corporation are controlled by NAI. Mr. Redstone, the controlling stockholder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of NAI, serves as our Executive Chairman of our Board of Directors and Founder and Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors
and Founder of CBS Corporation. Ms. Redstone, the President and a director of NAI, serves as non-executive Vice Chair of the Board of Directors of both Viacom and CBS Corporation. Messrs. Abrams and Dauman, our President and Chief
Executive Officer, are directors of both NAI and Viacom. This ownership overlap and these common directors could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest when Viacom’s and CBS Corporation’s management, directors and
controlling stockholder face decisions that could have different implications for Viacom and CBS Corporation. For example, potential conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute between Viacom and CBS
Corporation regarding the terms of the agreements governing the separation and the relationship between Viacom and CBS Corporation thereafter. Potential conflicts of interest, or the appearance thereof, could also arise if we and CBS Corporation
enter into any commercial arrangements with each other in the future. Mr. Redstone and Ms. Redstone may also face conflicts of interest with regard to the allocation of time between us and CBS Corporation. 

Our certificate of incorporation and the CBS Corporation certificate of incorporation both contain provisions related to corporate opportunities that may be of interest
to us and to CBS Corporation. Our certificate of incorporation provides that in the event that a director, officer or controlling stockholder of ours who is also a director, officer or controlling stockholder of CBS Corporation acquires knowledge of
a potential corporate opportunity for both Viacom and CBS Corporation, such director, officer or controlling stockholder may present such opportunity to us or CBS Corporation or both, as such director, officer or controlling stockholder deems
appropriate in his or her sole discretion, and that by doing so such person will have satisfied his or her fiduciary duties to us and our stockholders. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce any interest in any such
opportunity presented to CBS Corporation and, similarly, that CBS Corporation renounce any interest in any such opportunity presented to us. These provisions create the possibility that a corporate opportunity of one company may be used for the
benefit of the other company.