. 

A wide range of risks may affect our business and financial results, now and in the future. We consider the risks described below to be the most significant. There may
be other currently unknown or unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or other factors that could have material adverse effects on our future results. 

Risks Related to our Business 

Global Economic Conditions May Continue to Have an Adverse Effect on Our
Businesses 

There was a rapid softening of the economy and tightening of the financial markets in the second half of 2008, and the outlook for the
economy in 2009 is uncertain. This slowing of the economy has increased unemployment and reduced the financial capacity of consumers, thereby slowing consumer spending on the products we sell and license and weakening the businesses of partners who
purchase advertising on our networks and their spending on advertising generally. In addition, we depend on the financial markets for access to capital, as do our business partners such as cable and satellite operators, retailers, theater operators,
games publishers and others. Limited or expensive access to capital could make it more difficult for these partners to do business with us, or to do business generally, which could adversely affect our businesses. Current conditions in the credit
and equity markets, if they persist, could also increase our financing costs and limit our financial flexibility. The continuation, or worsening, of domestic and global economic conditions could continue to adversely affect our businesses and
results of operations. 

Our Success is Dependent upon Audience Acceptance of our Programming, Motion Pictures, Games and Other Entertainment Content,
which is Difficult to Predict 

The production and distribution of programming, motion pictures, games and other entertainment content are inherently
risky businesses because the revenues we derive from various sources depend primarily on our content’s acceptance by the public, which is difficult to predict. Audience tastes change frequently and it is a challenge to anticipate what offerings
will be successful at a certain point in time. The success of our programming, motion pictures, games and other content also depends upon the quality and acceptance of competing entertainment content, including other offerings available or released
into the marketplace at or near the same time. Other factors, including the availability of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure time activities, general economic conditions, piracy, digital and on-demand distribution, and growing
competition for consumer discretionary spending, the level of which may decrease as a result of the global economic crisis, may also affect the audience for our content. 

In our Media Networks business, our advertising revenues typically are a product of audience size and pricing, which reflect market conditions. In 2008, some of our program services experienced declines in audience
size. Those trends could continue at those or other networks and reduce the amount of advertising revenue we receive, which could negatively affect our results of operations. In addition, the advertising industry modified the way it measures ratings
in 2008 by moving to commercial ratings, which measure audience size for a commercial. Commercial ratings are measured on a “C3” basis, which counts the number of viewers that watch the commercial live or via playback during the three days
following the live broadcast. In 2008, the majority of our guaranteed advertising deals were sold on the C3 metric. This is a different way of measuring viewership, and failure to attract audiences to the commercials that air during our programs may
negatively impact our advertising revenue. Our advertising revenues may also fluctuate due to the ratings of our channels (including the timing and success of new programs), and are typically highest in the fourth quarter. Low audience ratings could
also negatively affect the affiliate fees we receive and/or limit a network’s distribution potential. In addition, our expenses may increase moderately as we invest in new programming, and there is no guarantee that the new programming will be
successful or generate sufficient revenue to recoup the expenditure. 

22 

Table of Contents

In our Filmed Entertainment business, the theatrical performance of a motion picture affects not only the theatrical
revenues we receive but also those from other distribution channels, such as DVD and Blu-ray sales, television licenses and sales of licensed consumer products. A poor theatrical performance may also negatively affect our negotiating strength with
theater chains, distributors and retailers, resulting in lower revenues and less desirable product promotion. 

The accounting for the expenses we incur in
connection with our programming and motion pictures requires that we make judgments about the potential success and useful life of the program or motion picture. If our estimates prove to be incorrect, we may be forced to accelerate our recognition
of the expense and/or write-down the value of the asset. For example, we estimate the ultimate revenues of a motion picture before it is released based on a number of factors. Upon a film’s initial domestic theatrical release and performance,
we update our estimate of ultimate revenues based on actual results. If it is not received favorably, we may reduce our estimate of ultimate revenues, thereby accelerating the amortization of capitalized film costs. Similarly, if we determine it is
no longer advantageous for us to air a program on our networks, we would accelerate our amortization of the program. 

Consequently, public acceptance of
our programming, motion pictures, games and other entertainment content is core to our business and has the ability to affect all of our revenue streams and the timing of certain expenses. A reduction in the popularity of our content could have a
significant, adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We Must Respond to and Capitalize on Rapid Changes in Consumer Behavior Resulting from New
Technologies and Distribution Platforms in Order to Remain Competitive and Exploit New Opportunities 

Technology in the online and mobile arenas
continues to evolve rapidly. We must adapt to changing consumer behavior driven by technological advances such as the direct connection of television to the Internet, high definition (Blu-ray) packaged media, video-on-demand, increased mobility of
content and a desire for more short form, user-generated and interactive content. Changing consumer behavior may impact our traditional distribution methods, for example, by reducing viewership of our programming, the demand for DVD product or pay
television subscriptions and/or the desire to see motion pictures in theaters. The domestic DVD market has softened recently, particularly in the second half of 2008. This trend may continue in 2009, and continued declines may adversely affect our
home entertainment revenues and profitability. In addition, consumers are increasingly viewing content from the Internet on their televisions and on handheld or portable devices, and watching it on a time-delayed basis. We must continue to adapt our
content to these viewership habits. Technologies which enable users to fast-forward or skip advertisements may affect the attractiveness of our offerings to advertisers and could therefore adversely affect our revenues. If we cannot adapt to the
changing lifestyles and preferences of our target audiences and capitalize on technological advances with favorable business models, there could be a negative effect on our business. 

Increased Costs for Programming, Motion Pictures and Other Content May Adversely Affect Our Profits 

In our Media
Networks segment, we have historically produced a significant amount of original programming and intend to continue to invest in this area. We also acquire programming, such as motion pictures and television series, from other television
production companies and studios and pay a license fee in connection with the acquired rights. Our investments in original and acquired programming are significant, and may not be recouped when the program is broadcast or distributed, therefore
leading to decreased profitability or potential write-downs. 

The Filmed Entertainment segment’s core business involves the production,
marketing and distribution of motion pictures, the costs of which have been increasing. In particular, the “tentpole” motion pictures that we release generally have higher costs than the other films released during the year. A
“tentpole” film’s underperformance theatrically can significantly affect our revenues and profitability, and negatively affect the revenues we receive from other distribution platforms. 

23 

Table of Contents

An increase in content acquisition costs could also affect our profits. For example, we license music and music videos
for exhibition on our cable networks, websites and other content outlets from record companies in exchange for cash or advertising time or for promotional consideration. We have entered into global music video licensing agreements with the major
record companies and major music publishers and into global or regional license agreements with certain independent record companies. We also license various other music rights from record companies, music publishers, performing rights societies and
others. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain license renewals or additional license agreements from these sources, or that favorable terms will be available. 

Our Revenues, Expenses and Operating Results May Vary Based on the Timing, Mix, Number and Availability of Our Motion Pictures and Seasonal Factors 

Our revenues and operating results fluctuate due to the timing, mix, number and availability of our theatrical motion picture and home entertainment releases, as well as license periods for our content. For example,
results may increase or decrease during a particular period due to differences in the number of films released compared to the corresponding period in the prior year. Our operating results also fluctuate due to the timing of the recognition of
production and marketing expenses, which are typically largely incurred prior to the release of motion pictures and home entertainment product, with the recognition of related revenues in later periods. In addition, the success of our individual mix
of titles may vary period over period, causing our operating results to fluctuate. 

Our business also has experienced and is expected to continue to
experience some seasonality due to, among other things, seasonal advertising patterns and seasonal influences on audiences’ viewing habits and attendance. Typically, our revenue from advertising increases in the fourth quarter due to the
holiday season, among other factors, and revenue from motion pictures increases in the summer, around holidays and in the fourth quarter. The effects of these variances make it difficult to estimate future operating results based on the results of
any specific quarter. 

Piracy of Our Entertainment Content, Including Digital Piracy and Other Unauthorized Exhibitions of Our Content, May Decrease
Revenue Received from Our Programming and Motion Pictures and Adversely Affect Our Business and Profitability 

The success of our business depends in
part on our ability to maintain the intellectual property rights to our entertainment content. We are fundamentally a content company and piracy of our brands, motion pictures and DVDs, programming, digital content and other intellectual property
has the potential to significantly affect us and the value of our content. Piracy is particularly prevalent in many parts of the world that lack effective enforcement of copyright and technical protective measures similar to existing law in the
United States. Piracy is also a challenge domestically, and the interpretation of copyright laws as applied to our content remains in flux. Piracy and other unauthorized uses of content are made easier by technological advances allowing the
conversion of motion pictures, programming and other content into digital formats, which facilitates the creation, transmission and sharing of high quality unauthorized copies. Unauthorized reproduction, distribution or display of our content over
the Internet or through other methods of distribution, such as through devices, software or websites that allow the reproduction, viewing, sharing and/or downloading of entertainment content by either ignoring or interfering with the content’s
security features and copyrighted status is a threat to our ability to protect our creative works and to recoup or profit from the expense incurred to create such works. Unauthorized use of our entertainment content may have an adverse effect on our
business because it reduces the revenue that we potentially could receive from the legitimate sale and distribution of our content. We are actively engaged in enforcement and other activities to protect our intellectual property, and it is likely
that we will continue to expend substantial resources in connection with these efforts. These efforts to prevent the unauthorized use of our content may affect our profitability, and may not be successful in reducing piracy. 

24 

Table of Contents

The Loss of Affiliation Agreements, or Renewal on Less Favorable Terms, Could Cause Our Revenues to Decline in Any
Given Period or in Specific Markets 

We are dependent upon our affiliation agreements with cable television operators, satellite operators, mobile
networks and other distributors for the distribution of our program services. We have agreements in place with the major distributors, some of which expire over the next several years and we expect to renegotiate on a rolling basis. There can be no
assurance that these affiliation agreements will be renewed in the future on terms, including pricing, acceptable to us. The loss of a significant number of these arrangements or the loss of carriage on the most widely available programming tiers
could reduce the distribution of our program services and decrease the potential audience for our programs, which would adversely affect our advertising and affiliate fee revenues. In addition, further consolidation among cable and satellite
operators and increased vertical integration of such distributors into the cable or broadcast television businesses could adversely affect our ability to negotiate favorable terms for distribution of our program services. 

Furthermore, we recently announced the creation of epix, our joint venture with MGM Studios and Lionsgate to release our motion pictures in the pay television
distribution window. If epix is not successful in securing affiliate relationships and subscribers, our revenues from this distribution window could be negatively affected, and we may not be able to secure pay television distribution for our motion
pictures on favorable terms with another distributor. 

Our Video Game Business Has a Short Operating History and is Subject to Additional Risks 

In connection with our 2006 acquisition of Harmonix, we significantly expanded our involvement in video and online games, including Rock Band. The
video game industry experienced softness in 2008 which we saw reflected in our sales of these games. Our games are distributed on several platforms, and for each platform, there are a variety of controllers and packages available. Greater than
anticipated returns, increases in manufacturing or distribution costs, and/or mismatches between forecasted and actual sales will have an adverse effect on the profitability of this business and affect our results of operations. Further, the video
game business is generally subject to the risk of intellectual property litigation, in particular patent litigation, and there are three patent cases pending against us related to console video games. Although we believe we will prevail in these
litigations, litigation is expensive and the outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. The failure to resolve litigation on satisfactory terms could result in higher costs or the inability to sell one or more products. 

The Loss of Key Talent Could Disrupt Our Business and Adversely Affect Our Revenues 

Our business depends upon the continued efforts, abilities and expertise of our corporate and divisional executive teams and entertainment personalities. We employ or contract with several entertainment personalities
with loyal audiences and also produce motion pictures with highly regarded directors, actors and other talent. These individuals are important to achieving audience endorsement of our programs, motion pictures and other content. There can be no
assurance that these individuals will remain with us or will retain their current appeal. If we fail to retain these individuals or if our entertainment personalities lose their current appeal, our revenues could be adversely affected. 

The Failure or Destruction of Satellites and Facilities that We Depend Upon to Distribute Our Programming Could Adversely Affect Our Business and Results of
Operations 

We use satellite systems to transmit our program services to cable television operators and other distributors worldwide. The distribution
facilities include uplinks, communications satellites and downlinks. Notwithstanding back-up and redundant systems, transmissions may be disrupted as a result of local disasters that impair on-ground uplinks or downlinks, or as a result of an
impairment of a satellite. Currently, there are a limited number of communications satellites available for the transmission of programming. If a disruption occurs, we may not be able to secure alternate distribution facilities in a timely manner.
Failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

25 

Table of Contents

Our Obligations Related to Guarantees and Litigation Could Adversely Impact Our Financial Condition 

We have both recorded and potential liabilities and costs related to discontinued operations and former businesses, including, among other things, potential liabilities
to landlords if Blockbuster Inc. should default on certain store leases or if Famous Players Inc. should default on certain theater leases. Blockbuster’s stock price has recently declined considerably and its senior debt is rated CCC by S&P
and Caa2 by Moody’s. In addition, in connection with the sale of the DreamWorks live-action film library to DW Funding in 2006, we retained a 49% minority equity interest in DW Funding and guarantee certain debt of DW Funding. We are subject to
a put option at the then current fair market value of DW Funding, commencing nine months prior to the fifth anniversary of the sale. We also have a corresponding call option exercisable at fair market value. To the extent the current fair value at
the option closing date is insufficient to repay certain indebtedness, including any unpaid interest, of DW Funding guaranteed by us, we would be required to pay the difference. In addition, in connection with our joint ventures, we have made
certain investments and have future funding obligations, which may not be recouped until well after our initial investment, if at all. We are also involved in pending and threatened litigation from time to time, the outcome of which is inherently
uncertain and difficult to predict. We cannot assure you that our reserves and/or letters of credit are sufficient to cover these liabilities in their entirety or any one of these liabilities when it becomes due or at what point any of these or new
liabilities may affect us. Therefore, there can be no assurance that these liabilities will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 

Risks Related to our Industry 

Changes in Advertising Markets Generally Could Cause Our Revenues and Operating Results to Decline
Significantly in Any Given Period or in Specific Markets 

We derive substantial revenues from the sale of advertising on a variety of platforms, and a
decline in advertising expenditures could significantly adversely affect our revenues and operating results in any given period. Declines can be caused by the economic prospects of specific advertisers or industries, or the economy in general,
causing advertisers to alter their spending priorities based on these or other factors. Recent domestic and global economic conditions have caused a weakness in advertising expenditures by companies in many sectors of the economy. Changes in the
advertising industry, such as the introduction of commercial ratings in 2008, can also affect our advertising revenues. 

In addition, advertising revenues
may be affected by increasing competition for the leisure time of audiences, including shifts in spending toward online and mobile outlets and away from more traditional media, or toward new ways of purchasing advertising, such as through
advertising exchanges. For example, we and other cable network owners may provide advertising inventory on our networks to cable television operators, satellite operators and other intermediaries who resell that inventory in competition with us.

In addition, political, social or technological change may result in a reduction of various sectors’ advertising expenditures. For example, Federal
legislators and regulators could impose additional limitations on advertising to children in an effort to combat childhood obesity and unhealthy eating or for other reasons, or impose limitations on product placement and other program sponsorship
arrangements. Any reduction in advertising expenditures could have an adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 

Our Businesses Operate
in Highly Competitive Industries 

Participants in the cable networks, motion picture, digital and video game industries depend on consumer acceptance
of content, appeal to advertisers and solid distribution relationships. Competition for viewers, advertising and distribution is intense and comes from broadcast television, cable networks, online and mobile properties, movie studios and independent
film producers and distributors, local, regional and national newspapers, video gaming sites and other media that compete for audiences, and from pirated content. In 

26 

Table of Contents

particular, a portion of the advertising on websites and mobile outlets is derived from traditional cable network advertisers. In addition, our competitors
include market participants with interests in multiple media businesses which are often vertically integrated. Our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including our ability to provide high quality and popular
entertainment content, adapt to new technologies and distribution platforms and achieve widespread distribution. Distribution capacity may become increasingly limited as broadcasters transition to digital formats, especially if “must
carry” regulations are extended to channels beyond the broadcaster’s primary channel. More television options increase competition for viewers, and competitors targeting programming to narrowly defined audiences may gain an advantage over
us for television advertising and affiliate revenues. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or potential competitors, or that competition will not have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Requirements that Cable Television Operators Offer Programming on an à la Carte or
Tiered Basis May Decrease the Distribution of Program Services and Affect Our Results of Operations 

Certain policymakers maintain that cable
television operators should be required to offer programming to subscribers on a network-by-network, or à la carte, basis or to provide programming tiers designed specifically for certain audiences, such as family tiers. In response, certain
cable television operators and other distributors have introduced tiers to their customers that may or may not include some or all of our networks. The FCC is also reviewing whether companies that own cable networks should be required to enter into
affiliation agreements with cable television operators and other distributors on an “unbundled” or network-by-network basis. A purported industry class action litigation has been filed alleging damages and seeking relief related to claimed
impermissible bundling of networks by cable and satellite operators, the Company and other programmers. The unbundling or tiering of our program services by cable television operators or other distributors, including a decision not to include some
or all of our networks in a tier, or a requirement that we enter into affiliation agreements on a network-by-network basis, could reduce distribution of certain of our program services, perhaps significantly. It could also lead to reduced viewership
on some or all of our networks and increased marketing expenses, negatively affecting our revenues from advertising and affiliate fees and our results of operations. 

Changes in U.S. or Foreign Communications Laws, Laws Affecting Intellectual Property Rights or Other Regulations May Have an Adverse Effect on Our Business 

The multichannel video programming and distribution industries in the United States are highly regulated by U.S. federal laws and regulations issued and administered by
various federal agencies, including the FCC. Our program services and online properties are subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including those relating to issues such as content regulation, user privacy and data protection and consumer
protection, among others. For example, various laws and regulations are intended to protect the interests of children, including limits on the amount and content of commercial material that may be shown, restrictions on children’s advertising
and measures designed to protect the privacy of minors. 

In addition, the U.S. Congress and the FCC currently have under consideration, and may in the
future adopt, new laws, regulations and policies regarding a wide variety of matters that could, directly or indirectly, affect the operations and ownership of our U.S. media properties. For example, some policymakers support the extension of
indecency rules applicable to over-the-air broadcasters to cover cable and satellite programming. Other domestic and international regulators, including OFCOM in the United Kingdom, support additional limitations on food and beverage advertising to
children. Our business could be affected, potentially materially, by any such new laws, regulations and policies. We could incur substantial costs to comply with new laws and regulations or substantial penalties or other liabilities if we fail to
comply. We could also be required to change or limit certain of our business practices. 

In addition, the repeal or weakening of laws intended to combat
piracy and protect intellectual property could make it more difficult for us to adequately protect our intellectual property, negatively impacting its value and 

27 

Table of Contents

increasing the costs of enforcing our rights. Similarly, changes in regulations imposed by governments in other jurisdictions in which we, or entities in
which we have an interest, operate could adversely affect our business, results of operations and ability to expand these operations beyond their current scope. 

We Could Be Adversely Affected by Strikes and Other Union Activity 

We and our suppliers engage the services of writers, directors, actors
and other talent, trade employees and others who are subject to collective bargaining agreements. The Screen Actors Guild collective bargaining agreement which covers actors who perform in our motion pictures and television programs expired on
June 30, 2008, and a new agreement has not yet been reached. We are currently working under the terms and conditions of the expired agreement, and the Screen Actor’s Guild continues to have the option of seeking a strike authorization from
its members. Such a labor dispute may disrupt our operations and reduce our revenues, and we may not be able to negotiate favorable terms for a renewal, which could increase our costs. 

Political and Economic Risks Associated with Our Businesses Could Harm Our Financial Condition 

Our businesses
operate and have customers worldwide, and we are focused on expanding our international operations in key markets, some of which are emerging markets. Inherent risks of doing business in international markets include, among other risks, changes in
the economic environment, export restrictions, currency exchange controls and/or fluctuations, tariffs or other trade barriers, longer payment cycles and, in some markets, increased risk of political instability. In particular, foreign currency
fluctuations against the U.S. Dollar affect our results both positively and negatively which may cause results to fluctuate. Furthermore, some foreign markets where we operate may be even more adversely affected by current economic conditions than
the United States. We also may incur substantial expense as a result of changes in the existing economic or political environment in the regions where we do business, including the imposition of new restrictions. Acts of terrorism or other
hostilities, or other future financial, political, economic or other uncertainties, could lead to a reduction in revenue or loss of investment, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Risks Related to Our Controlling Stockholder and Conflicts of Interest 

Sales of Additional Shares of Common Stock by National Amusements Could Adversely Affect the Stock Price 

National
Amusements (“NAI”), through its beneficial ownership of our Class A common stock, has voting control of Viacom. NAI disclosed in October 2008 that it sold approximately $233 million in the aggregate of shares of Viacom and CBS
Corporation non-voting common stock in connection with requirements under its credit facilities. NAI also announced that it was in constructive negotiations with its lenders regarding such facilities and outstanding notes. Although NAI stated
in October that it did not intend to sell any additional shares, there can be no assurance that NAI at some future time will not sell additional shares of our stock, which could adversely affect our share price. 

Through Its Voting Control of Viacom, NAI is in a Position to Control Actions that Require Stockholder Approval 

Sumner M. Redstone, the controlling stockholder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of NAI, serves as our Executive Chairman and Founder, and Shari Redstone, the
President and a director of NAI, serves as the non-executive Vice Chair of our Board of Directors. In addition, Philippe Dauman, our President and Chief Executive Officer, is a director of NAI, and George Abrams, one of our directors, is a director
of NAI. 

Mr. Dauman has presently recused himself from activity as an NAI board member. In addition, NAI’s board of directors has created a
special committee that does not include Mr. Redstone or Mr. Dauman in order to consider issues that may be perceived to create a conflict between their responsibilities to Viacom and to NAI. Similarly, our Board of Directors has acted by
independent directors when appropriate to address such issues. 

28 

Table of Contents

Nevertheless, NAI is in a position to control the outcome of corporate actions that require stockholder approval,
including the election of directors and transactions involving a change in control. The interests of NAI may not be the same as yours, and you will be unable to affect the outcome of our corporate actions for so long as NAI retains voting control.
You will be reliant on our independent directors to represent your interests. 

Certain Members of Management, Directors and Stockholders May Face Actual
or Potential Conflicts of Interest 

Both Viacom and CBS Corporation are controlled by NAI. Mr. Redstone, the controlling stockholder, Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer of NAI, serves as our Executive Chairman and Founder and the Executive Chairman and Founder of CBS Corporation. Ms. Redstone, the President and a director of NAI, serves as non-executive Vice Chair of the Board of
Directors of both Viacom and CBS Corporation. Mr. Dauman and Mr. Abrams are directors of NAI, and Frederic Salerno, one of our directors, is also a director of CBS Corporation. 

The NAI ownership structure and the common directors could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest when the management, directors and controlling stockholder of the commonly controlled entities
face decisions that could have different implications for each of us. For example, potential conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute between Viacom and CBS Corporation regarding the terms of the agreements
governing the separation and the relationship between Viacom and CBS Corporation thereafter. Potential conflicts of interest, or the appearance thereof, could also arise when we and CBS Corporation enter into any commercial arrangements with each
other in the future, despite review by our directors not affiliated with CBS Corporation. 

Our certificate of incorporation and the CBS Corporation
certificate of incorporation both contain provisions related to corporate opportunities that may be of interest to us and to CBS Corporation. Our certificate of incorporation provides that in the event that a director, officer or controlling
stockholder of ours who is also a director, officer or controlling stockholder of CBS Corporation acquires knowledge of a potential corporate opportunity for both Viacom and CBS Corporation, such director, officer or controlling stockholder may
present such opportunity to us or CBS Corporation or both, as such director, officer or controlling stockholder deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion, and that by doing so such person will have satisfied his or her fiduciary duties to us
and our stockholders. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce any interest in any such opportunity presented to CBS Corporation and, similarly, the CBS Corporation certificate of incorporation provides that CBS
Corporation renounce any interest in any such opportunity presented to us. These provisions create the possibility that a corporate opportunity of one company may be used for the benefit of the other company. 

Our Business and Other Businesses Which Are Controlled By Sumner Redstone, Including CBS Corporation, Are and Will Continue to Be Attributable to Each Other for
Certain Regulatory Purposes Which May Limit Business Opportunities or Impose Additional Costs 

So long as we and CBS Corporation are under common
control, each company’s businesses, as well as the businesses of any other commonly controlled company, such as National Amusements, Inc. (“NAI”) and NAIRI, Inc., which are also controlled by Mr. Redstone, may be attributable to
the other companies for purposes of U.S. and non-U.S. antitrust rules and regulations, certain rules and regulations of the FCC, and certain rules regarding political campaign contributions in the United States, among others. The businesses of each
company may continue to be attributable to the other companies for FCC purposes even after the companies cease to be commonly controlled, if the companies share common officers, directors, or attributable stockholders. As a result, the businesses
and conduct of any of these other companies may have the effect of limiting the activities or strategic business alternatives available to us or impose additional costs. 

29 

Table of Contents

The Separation Agreement Between CBS Corporation and Us Prohibits Us from Engaging in Certain Types of Businesses 

Under the terms of the Separation Agreement, we generally agreed that we will not own or acquire certain interests in specified types of media companies
if such ownership would cause CBS Corporation to be in violation of U.S. federal laws limiting the ownership of broadcast licenses or if it would limit CBS Corporation’s ability under these laws to acquire television or radio stations or
television networks. Additionally, we may not make acquisitions, enter into agreements or accept or agree to any condition that purports to bind CBS Corporation or subjects CBS Corporation to restrictions it is not otherwise subject to by legal
order without CBS Corporation’s consent. We and CBS Corporation have agreed that prior to the earliest of (1) the fourth anniversary of the separation (December 31, 2009), (2) the date on which none of Mr. Redstone, NAI, NAIRI or
any of their successors, assigns or transferees are deemed to have interests in both CBS Corporation and Viacom that are attributable under applicable U.S. federal laws and (3) the date on which the other company ceases to own the video
programming vendors that it owns as of the separation, neither of us will own or acquire an interest in a cable television operator if such ownership would subject the other company to U.S. federal laws regulating contractual relationships between
video programming vendors and video programming distributors that the other company is not then subject to. These restrictions could limit the strategic business alternatives available to us. 

We Rely on CBS Corporation’s Performance under Various Agreements 

In connection with the separation, we entered into various agreements, including the Separation Agreement, Tax Matters Agreement, and certain related party arrangements pursuant to which we provide services and products to CBS Corporation
after the separation. The Separation Agreement sets forth the distribution of assets, liabilities, rights and obligations between us and CBS Corporation pursuant to the separation, and includes indemnification obligations for such liabilities and
obligations. In addition, pursuant to the Tax Matters Agreement, certain income tax liabilities and related responsibilities are allocated between, and indemnification obligations have been assumed by, each of us and CBS Corporation. Each company
will rely on the other company to satisfy its performance and payment obligations under these agreements. Certain of the liabilities to be assumed or indemnified by us or CBS Corporation under these agreements are legal or contractual liabilities of
the other company. If CBS Corporation were to breach or be unable to satisfy its material obligations under these agreements, including a failure to satisfy its indemnification obligations, we could suffer operational difficulties or significant
losses.