. 

A wide range of risks may affect our business and financial results, now
and in the future. We consider the risks described below to be the most significant. There may be other currently unknown or unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or other factors that could have material adverse effects on our
future results. 

Risks Related to our Business 

Our Success is Dependent upon Audience Acceptance of our Programming, Motion Pictures and Other Entertainment Content which is Difficult to Predict 

The production and distribution of programming, motion pictures and other entertainment content are inherently risky businesses because the revenues we derive from various sources depend primarily on our content’s acceptance by the
public, which is difficult to predict. Audience tastes change frequently and it is a challenge to anticipate what offerings will be successful at a certain point in time. The success of our programming, motion pictures and other content also depends
upon the quality and acceptance of competing programs, motion pictures and other offerings available or released into the marketplace at or near the same time. Other factors, including the availability of alternative forms of entertainment and
leisure time activities, general economic conditions, piracy, digital and on-demand distribution and growing competition for consumer discretionary spending, the level of which may be decreasing due to the economic landscape, may also affect the
audience for our content. 

In our Media Networks business, our advertising revenues typically are reflective of a program’s ratings, with higher
ratings generally generating higher advertising revenues. In 2007, some of our program services, including MTV, BET and Nickelodeon, experienced ratings fluctuations or declines. Those trends could continue at those or other networks and reduce the
amount of advertising revenue the affected networks receive. Low audience ratings could also negatively affect the affiliate fees we receive and/or limit a network’s distribution potential. In addition, the advertising industry has recently
begun to change the way it measures ratings, moving from audience ratings, which measure audience size for a program, to commercial ratings, which measure audience size for a commercial. Commercial ratings are currently measured on a “C3”
basis, which means the number of viewers that watch the commercial live or via playback during the three days following the live broadcast. This is a different way of measuring viewership, and if we are unable to successfully adapt the pricing,
structure and volume of our advertising spots to this new methodology, or if viewers change channels or fast forward during commercials, our advertising revenues could decline. 

In our Filmed Entertainment business, the theatrical success of a motion picture affects not only the theatrical revenues we receive but also those from other distribution channels, such as DVD sales, television
licenses and sales of licensed consumer products. In addition, because the timing of recognition of certain motion picture expenses is based on estimates of future revenues, such costs may be accelerated if the motion picture does not perform as
expected, thereby affecting our results of operations. A poor theatrical performance may also negatively affect our negotiating strength with theater chains, distributors and retailers, resulting in less desirable product promotion. 

Consequently, public acceptance of our programming, motion pictures and other entertainment content is core to our business and has the ability to affect all of our
revenue streams. A reduction in the popularity of our content could have a significant, adverse effect on our revenues. 

We Must Respond to and
Capitalize on Rapid Changes in Consumer Behavior resulting from New Technologies and Distribution Platforms in Order to Remain Competitive and Exploit New Opportunities 

Technology in the online and mobile arenas continues to evolve rapidly. We must adapt to changing consumer behavior driven by technological advances such as video-on-demand, increased mobility of content and a desire
for more short form, user-generated and interactive content. Changing consumer behavior may impact our traditional distribution methods, for example, by reducing viewership of our programming, the demand for DVD 

19 

Table of Contents

product or pay television subscriptions and/or the desire to see motion pictures in theaters. We have recently seen an industry-wide decline in domestic DVD
sales, and it is uncertain if such decline will continue. In addition, consumers are increasingly viewing content from handheld or portable devices, and watching it on a time- delayed basis. We must continue to adapt our content to these viewership
habits. Technologies which enable users to fast-forward or skip advertisements may affect the attractiveness of our offerings to advertisers and could therefore adversely affect our revenues. If we cannot adapt to the changing lifestyles and
preferences of our target audiences and capitalize on technological advances with favorable business models, there could be a negative effect on our business. 

Increased Costs for Programming, Motion Pictures and Other Content May Adversely Affect Our Profits 

In our Media Networks segment, we have
historically produced a significant amount of original programming and intend to continue to increase our investment in this area. We also acquire programming, such as motion pictures and television series, from other television production companies
and studios and pay a license fee in connection with the acquired rights. Our investments in original and acquired programming increase our expenses, and may not be recouped when the program is broadcast or distributed, therefore leading to
decreased profitability. 

The Filmed Entertainment segment’s core business involves the production, marketing and distribution of motion pictures, the
costs of which have been increasing. We also release certain “tentpole” motion pictures that generally have higher costs than the other films released during the year. Therefore, a “tentpole” film’s underperformance
theatrically can significantly affect our revenues and profitability, and negatively affect the revenues we receive from other distribution platforms. 

An
increase in other licensing costs could also affect our profits. For example, we license music and music videos for exhibition on our cable networks, websites and other content outlets from record companies in exchange for cash or advertising time
or for promotional consideration only. We have entered into global music video licensing agreements with the major record companies and major music publishers and into global or regional license agreements with certain independent record companies.
We also license various other music rights from record companies, music publishers, performing rights societies and others. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain license renewals or additional license agreements or, if so, on
favorable terms. 

Our Revenues, Expenses and Operating Results May Vary Based on the Timing, Mix, Number and Availability of Our Programming and Motion
Pictures 

Our revenues and operating results fluctuate due to the timing, mix, number and availability of our theatrical motion picture and home
entertainment releases, programming, and license periods for our entertainment content. For example, results may increase or decrease during a particular period due to differences in the number of films released compared to the corresponding period
the prior year, or due to the timing of a major event such as an awards show falling in two different quarters year over year. Our operating results also fluctuate due to the timing of the recognition of production and print and advertising
expenses, which are typically largely incurred prior to the release of programs, motion pictures and home entertainment product, with the recognition of related revenues in later periods. In addition, the success of our individual mix of titles may
vary period over period, causing our operating results to fluctuate. 

Our business also has experienced and is expected to continue to experience some
seasonality due to, among other things, seasonal advertising patterns and seasonal influences on audiences’ viewing habits and attendance. Typically, our revenue from advertising increases in the fourth quarter due to the holiday season and
revenue from motion pictures increases in the summer, around holidays and in the fourth quarter. The effects of these variances make it difficult to estimate future operating results based on the results of any specific quarter. 

20 

Table of Contents

Piracy of Our Entertainment Content, Including Digital Piracy and Other Unauthorized Exhibitions of Our Content, May
Decrease Revenue Received from Our Programming and Motion Pictures and Adversely Affect Our Business and Profitability 

The success of our business
depends in part on our ability to maintain the intellectual property rights to our entertainment content. We are fundamentally a content company and piracy of our brands, motion pictures and DVDs, programming, digital content and other intellectual
property has the potential to significantly affect us. Piracy is particularly prevalent in many parts of the world that lack effective enforcement of copyright and technical protective measures similar to existing law in the United States. However,
piracy is also a challenge domestically, and the interpretation of copyright laws as applied to our content remains in flux. Piracy and other unauthorized uses of content are made easier by technological advances allowing the conversion of motion
pictures, programming and other content into digital formats, which facilitates the creation, transmission and sharing of high quality unauthorized copies. Unauthorized reproduction, distribution or display of our content over the Internet or
through other methods of distribution, such as through websites that allow the viewing, sharing and/or downloading of entertainment content by either ignoring or interfering with the content’s security features and copyrighted status is a
threat to our ability to protect our creative works and to recoup or profit from the expense incurred to create such works. Unauthorized use of our entertainment content may have an adverse effect on our business because it reduces the revenue that
we potentially could receive from the legitimate sale and distribution of our content. We are actively engaged in enforcement and other activities to protect our intellectual property, and we are increasingly expending resources in connection with
these efforts. These efforts to prevent the unauthorized use of our content may affect our profitability, and may not be successful in reducing piracy. 

The Loss of Affiliation Agreements Could Cause Our Revenues to Decline in Any Given Period or in Specific Markets 

We are dependent upon
our affiliation agreements with cable television operators, DTH satellite operators and other distributors for the distribution of our program services. We have agreements in place with the major distributors, some of which are currently being
renegotiated, and others of which expire over the next several years and we expect to renegotiate on a rolling basis. There can be no assurance that these affiliation agreements will be renewed in the future on terms, including pricing, acceptable
to us. The loss of a significant number of these arrangements or the loss of carriage on the most widely available programming tiers could reduce the distribution of our program services and decrease the potential audience for our programs, which
could adversely affect advertising and affiliate fee revenues. In addition, further consolidation among cable and DTH satellite operators and increased vertical integration of such distributors into the cable or broadcast television businesses could
adversely affect our ability to negotiate favorable terms for distribution of our program services. 

The Loss of Key Talent Could Disrupt Our Business
and Adversely Affect Our Revenues 

Our business depends upon the continued efforts, abilities and expertise of our corporate and divisional executive
teams and entertainment personalities. We employ or contract with several entertainment personalities with loyal audiences and also produce motion pictures with highly regarded directors, actors and other talent. These individuals are important to
achieving audience endorsement of our programs, motion pictures and other content. There can be no assurance that these individuals will remain with us or will retain their current appeal. If we fail to retain these individuals or if our
entertainment personalities lose their current appeal, our revenues could be adversely affected. 

The Failure or Destruction of Satellites and
Facilities that We Depend Upon to Distribute Our Programming Could Adversely Affect Our Business and Results of Operations 

We use satellite systems to
transmit our program services to cable television operators and other distributors worldwide. The distribution facilities include uplinks, communications satellites and downlinks. Notwithstanding 

21 

Table of Contents

back-up and redundant systems, transmissions may be disrupted as a result of local disasters that impair on-ground uplinks or downlinks, or as a result of an
impairment of a satellite. Currently, there are a limited number of communications satellites available for the transmission of programming. If a disruption occurs, we may not be able to secure alternate distribution facilities in a timely manner.
Failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Our Obligations Related to Guarantees and Litigation
Could Adversely Impact Our Financial Condition 

We have both recorded and potential liabilities and costs related to discontinued operations and former
businesses, including, among other things, potential liabilities to landlords if Blockbuster Inc. should default on certain store leases or if Famous Players Inc. should default on certain theater leases. In connection with the sale of the
DreamWorks live-action film library to DW Funding in 2006, we are subject to a put option obligation at the then current fair value of DW Funding, commencing nine months prior to the fifth anniversary of the sale. We also have a corresponding call
option exercisable at fair value. To the extent the current fair value at the option closing date is insufficient to repay certain indebtedness, including any unpaid interest, of DW Funding guaranteed by us, we would be required to pay the
difference. In addition, we are involved in pending and threatened litigation from time to time. We cannot assure you that our reserves are sufficient to cover these liabilities in their entirety or any one of these liabilities when it becomes due
or at what point any of these or new liabilities may affect us. Therefore, there can be no assurance that these liabilities will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 

Risks Related to our Industry 

Changes in Advertising Markets Could Cause Our Revenues and
Operating Results to Decline Significantly in Any Given Period or in Specific Markets 

We derive substantial revenues from the sale of advertising on a
variety of platforms. A decline in advertising expenditures could significantly adversely affect our revenues and operating results in any given period. Declines can be caused by the economic prospects of specific advertisers or industries, or the
economy in general, including the possibility of a recession. Prospective advertisers could alter their spending priorities based on these or other factors. Economic uncertainty can also be caused by disasters, acts of terrorism, political
uncertainty or hostilities and could lead to a reduction in advertising expenditures. 

In addition, advertising revenues may be affected by increasing
competition for the leisure time of audiences, including shifts in spending toward online outlets and away from more traditional media, or toward new ways of purchasing advertising, such as through advertising exchanges. For example, we and other
cable network owners may provide advertising inventory on our networks to cable television operators, DTH satellite operators and other intermediaries who resell that inventory in competition with us. These types of sales are becoming more common
and intermediaries are bundling this inventory with inventory in other media and aggregating it with detailed data regarding viewers, which could be more attractive to advertisers than our offerings. In addition, many of these intermediaries are
much larger companies than we are and may be able to use that scale to create volume and pricing advantages. 

Advertising expenditures by companies in
certain sectors of the economy, including children’s toys, electronics, video games and other entertainment sectors, represent a sizeable portion of our advertising revenues. Any political, economic, social or technological change may result in
a reduction of these sectors’ advertising expenditures. For example, Federal legislators and regulators could impose additional limitations on advertising to children in an effort to combat childhood obesity and unhealthy eating or for other
reasons. Any reduction in advertising expenditures could have an adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 

22 

Table of Contents

Our Businesses Operate in Highly Competitive Industries 

Participants in the cable networks, digital and motion picture industries depend primarily upon the sale of advertising, receipt of affiliate fees and revenues generated
by the exhibition and distribution of motion pictures on various media. Competition for viewers, advertising and distribution is intense and comes from broadcast television, specialty cable networks, online and mobile properties, movie studios and
independent film producers and distributors, local, regional and national newspapers, video gaming sites and other media that compete for audiences. In particular, online websites and search engines have seen significant advertising growth, a
portion of which is derived from traditional cable network advertisers. In addition, our competitors include market participants with interests in multiple media businesses which are often vertically integrated. Our ability to compete successfully
depends on a number of factors, including our ability to provide high quality and popular entertainment content, adapt to new technologies and distribution platforms and achieve widespread distribution. Distribution capacity may become increasingly
limited as broadcasters transition to digital formats, especially if “must carry” regulations are extended to channels beyond the broadcaster’s primary channel. More television options increase competition for viewers, and competitors
targeting programming to narrowly defined audiences may gain an advantage over us for television advertising and subscription revenues. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or
potential competitors, or that competition will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Requirements that Cable Television Operators Offer Programming on an à la Carte or Tiered Basis May Decrease the Distribution of Program Services and Affect Our Results of Operations 

Certain policymakers maintain that cable television operators should be required to offer programming to subscribers on a network-by-network, or à la carte, basis
or to provide programming tiers designed specifically for certain audiences, such as family tiers. In response, certain cable television operators and other distributors have introduced tiers to their customers that may or may not include some or
all of our networks. Legislation was introduced and defeated by the Senate in 2006 that would effectively require cable television operators to offer all programming on an à la carte basis, but there continues to be focus on the issue. The
FCC is also reviewing whether companies that own cable networks should be required to enter into affiliation agreements with cable television operators and other distributors on an “unbundled” or network-by-network basis. The unbundling or
tiering of our program services by cable television operators or other distributors, including a decision not to include some or all of our networks in a tier, or a requirement that we enter into affiliation agreements on a network-by-network basis,
could reduce distribution of certain of our program services, perhaps significantly. It could also lead to reduced viewership on some or all of our networks and increased marketing expenses, negatively affecting our revenues from advertising and
affiliate fees and our results of operations. 

Changes in U.S. or Foreign Communications Laws or Other Regulations May Have an Adverse Effect on Our
Business 

The multichannel video programming and distribution industries in the United States are highly regulated by U.S. federal laws and regulations
issued and administered by various federal agencies, including the FCC. Our program services and online properties are subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including those relating to issues such as content regulation, user privacy and data
protection and consumer protection, among others. For example, various laws and regulations are intended to protect the interests of children, including limits on the amount and content of commercial material that may be shown, restrictions on
children’s advertising and measures designed to protect the privacy of minors. 

In addition, the U.S. Congress and the FCC currently have under
consideration, and may in the future adopt, new laws, regulations and policies regarding a wide variety of matters that could, directly or indirectly, affect the operations and ownership of our U.S. media properties. For example, some policymakers
support the extension of indecency rules applicable to over-the-air broadcasters to cover cable and satellite programming. Other domestic and international regulators, including OFCOM in the United Kingdom, support additional limitations on
advertising to children. Copyright and piracy issues may also become the subject of regulatory action in 

23 

Table of Contents

addition to the judicial action we are currently seeing. Our business could be affected, potentially materially, by any such new laws, regulations and
policies. We could incur substantial costs to comply with new laws and regulations or substantial penalties or other liabilities if we fail to comply. We could also be required to change or limit certain of our business practices. Similarly, changes
in regulations imposed by governments in other jurisdictions in which we, or entities in which we have an interest, operate could adversely affect our business, results of operations and ability to expand these operations beyond their current scope.

We Could Be Adversely Affected by Strikes and Other Union Activity 

We and our suppliers engage the services of writers, directors, actors and other talent, trade employees and others who are subject to collective bargaining agreements. In the fourth quarter of 2007, the members of
the Writer’s Guild of America went on strike, and a new agreement was not approved until February 2008. The Directors Guild of America and Screen Actors Guild collective bargaining agreements expire in 2008, and while an agreement has been
reached with the Directors Guild, negotiations with the Screen Actors Guild have not yet commenced. Any extended work stoppage could affect our ability to produce new motion pictures and programs, in which case we would air repeat, acquired reality
or other content that does not require union labor. Such a labor dispute may disrupt our operations and reduce our revenues, and we may not be able to negotiate favorable terms for a renewal, which could increase our costs. 

Political and Economic Risks Associated with Our Businesses Could Harm Our Financial Condition 

Our businesses operate and have customers worldwide, and we are focused on expanding our international operations in key markets, some of which are emerging markets. Inherent risks of doing business in international
markets include, among other risks, changes in the economic environment, export restrictions, currency exchange controls and/or fluctuations, tariffs and other trade barriers and longer payment cycles. We may incur substantial expense as a result of
the imposition of new restrictions or changes in the existing economic environment in the regions where we do business. Acts of terrorism or other hostilities, or other future financial, political, economic or other uncertainties, could lead to a
reduction in advertising and other revenue, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Risks Related to our Separation from CBS Corporation 

Our Business and Other Businesses Which Are Controlled By Sumner Redstone,
Including CBS Corporation, Are and Will Continue to Be Attributable to Each Other for Certain Regulatory Purposes 

So long as we and CBS Corporation
are under common control, each company’s businesses, as well as the businesses of any other commonly controlled company, such as National Amusements, Inc. (“NAI”), NAIRI, Inc. and Midway Games, Inc., which is also controlled by
Mr. Redstone, may be attributable to the other companies for purposes of U.S. and non-U.S. antitrust rules and regulations, certain rules and regulations of the FCC, and certain rules regarding political campaign contributions in the United
States, among others. The businesses of each company may continue to be attributable to the other companies for FCC purposes even after the companies cease to be commonly controlled, if the companies share common officers, directors, or attributable
stockholders. As a result, the businesses and conduct of any of these other companies may have the effect of limiting the activities or strategic business alternatives available to us. 

The Separation Agreement Between CBS Corporation and Us Prohibits Us from Engaging in Certain Types of Businesses 

Under the terms of the Separation Agreement, we generally agreed that we will not own or acquire certain interests in specified types of media companies if such ownership would cause CBS Corporation to be in violation of U.S. federal laws
limiting the ownership of broadcast licenses or if it would limit CBS Corporation’s ability under these laws to acquire television or radio stations or television networks. Additionally, we may not make acquisitions, enter into agreements or
accept or agree to any condition that purports to bind CBS 

24 

Table of Contents

Corporation or subjects CBS Corporation to restrictions it is not otherwise subject to by legal order without CBS Corporation’s consent. We and CBS
Corporation have agreed that prior to the earliest of (1) the fourth anniversary of the separation (December 31, 2009), (2) the date on which none of Mr. Redstone, NAI, NAIRI or any of their successors, assigns or transferees are
deemed to have interests in both CBS Corporation and Viacom that are attributable under applicable U.S. federal laws and (3) the date on which the other company ceases to own the video programming vendors that it owns as of the separation,
neither of us will own or acquire an interest in a cable television operator if such ownership would subject the other company to U.S. federal laws regulating contractual relationships between video programming vendors and video programming
distributors that the other company is not then subject to. These restrictions could limit the strategic business alternatives available to us. 

We Rely
on CBS Corporation’s Performance under Various Agreements 

In connection with the separation, we entered into various agreements, including the
Separation Agreement, Tax Matters Agreement, and certain related party arrangements pursuant to which we provide services and products to CBS Corporation after the separation. The Separation Agreement sets forth the distribution of assets,
liabilities, rights and obligations between us and CBS Corporation pursuant to the separation, and includes indemnification obligations for such liabilities and obligations. In addition, pursuant to the Tax Matters Agreement, certain income tax
liabilities and related responsibilities are allocated between, and indemnification obligations have been assumed by, each of us and CBS Corporation. Each company will rely on the other company to satisfy its performance and payment obligations
under these agreements. Certain of the liabilities to be assumed or indemnified by us or CBS Corporation under these agreements are legal or contractual liabilities of the other company. If CBS Corporation were to breach or be unable to satisfy its
material obligations under these agreements, including a failure to satisfy its indemnification obligations, we could suffer operational difficulties or significant losses. 

Our Historical Financial Information May Not Be Indicative of Our Results as a Separate Company 

The historical
financial information presented in this Form 10-K relating to 2005 prior to our separation from CBS Corporation is presented on a carve-out basis and may not necessarily reflect what our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows
would have been had we been operating as a stand-alone entity during the periods presented or what our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows will be in the future. As a result, historical financial information should not be
relied upon as being indicative of our future results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Risks Related to our Control
Structure 

NAI, Through Its Voting Control of Viacom, is in a Position to Control Actions that Require Stockholder Approval and May Have Interests
that are Different than Yours 

NAI, through its beneficial ownership of our Class A common stock, has voting control of Viacom. Sumner M.
Redstone, the controlling stockholder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of NAI, serves as our Executive Chairman and Founder, and Shari Redstone, the President and a director of NAI, serves as the non-executive Vice Chair of our Board of
Directors. In addition, Philippe Dauman, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and George Abrams are directors of both NAI and Viacom. NAI is in a position to control the outcome of corporate actions that require stockholder approval, including
the election of directors and transactions involving a change of control. The interests of NAI may not be the same as yours and you will be unable to affect the outcome of our corporate actions for so long as NAI retains voting control. 

Certain Members of Management, Directors and Stockholders May Face Actual or Potential Conflicts of Interest 

Certain members of our management team and directors own both our common stock and CBS Corporation common stock, and both Viacom and CBS Corporation are controlled by
NAI. Mr. Redstone, the controlling 

25 

Table of Contents

stockholder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of NAI, serves as our Executive Chairman and Founder and the Executive Chairman and Founder of CBS
Corporation. Ms. Redstone, the President and a director of NAI, serves as non-executive Vice Chair of the Board of Directors of both Viacom and CBS Corporation. Ms. Redstone also serves as Chair of the Board of Directors of Midway Games,
which is also controlled by NAI. Mr. Dauman, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Abrams are directors of both NAI and Viacom, and Frederic Salerno is a director of both Viacom and CBS Corporation. 

The NAI ownership structure and the common directors could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest when the management, directors and controlling
stockholder of the commonly controlled entities face decisions that could have different implications for each of us. For example, potential conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute between Viacom and CBS
Corporation regarding the terms of the agreements governing the separation and the relationship between Viacom and CBS Corporation thereafter. Potential conflicts of interest, or the appearance thereof, could also arise when we and CBS Corporation
enter into any commercial arrangements with each other in the future, despite review by our directors not affiliated with CBS Corporation. Mr. Redstone, Ms. Redstone and Mr. Salerno may also face conflicts of interest with regard to
the allocation of time between us and CBS Corporation. 

Our certificate of incorporation and the CBS Corporation certificate of incorporation both contain
provisions related to corporate opportunities that may be of interest to us and to CBS Corporation. Our certificate of incorporation provides that in the event that a director, officer or controlling stockholder of ours who is also a director,
officer or controlling stockholder of CBS Corporation acquires knowledge of a potential corporate opportunity for both Viacom and CBS Corporation, such director, officer or controlling stockholder may present such opportunity to us or CBS
Corporation or both, as such director, officer or controlling stockholder deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion, and that by doing so such person will have satisfied his or her fiduciary duties to us and our stockholders. In addition, our
certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce any interest in any such opportunity presented to CBS Corporation and, similarly, that CBS Corporation renounce any interest in any such opportunity presented to us. These provisions create the
possibility that a corporate opportunity of one company may be used for the benefit of the other company.