. 

A wide range of risks may affect our business and financial results, now and in the future. We consider the risks described below to be the most significant. There may be other currently unknown or
unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or other factors that could have material adverse effects on our future results. 

Our Success is Dependent upon Audience Acceptance of our Brands, Programming, Motion Pictures, Games and Other Entertainment Content, which is Difficult to Predict 

The production and distribution of programming, motion pictures, games and other entertainment content are inherently risky businesses because the revenues we derive from various sources depend primarily
on our content’s acceptance by the public, which is difficult to predict. Audience tastes change frequently and it is a challenge to anticipate what offerings will be successful at a certain point in time. In addition, competing entertainment
content, the availability of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure time activities, general economic conditions, piracy, and increasing digital and on-demand distribution offerings also affect the audience for our content. 

In our Media Networks business, our advertising revenues typically are a product of audience size and pricing, which reflect market conditions.
Depending on the success of our programming at any given time, our channels can experience ratings fluctuations that negatively affect our advertising revenues. Low audience ratings can also negatively affect the affiliate fees we receive and/or
limit a network’s distribution potential. Our expenses may increase moderately as we invest in new programming, and there is no guarantee that the new programming will be successful or generate sufficient revenue to recoup the expenditure. In
addition, consumer acceptance of our brands and retail offerings, including the 
Rock Band franchise and consumer products, is key to the success of those businesses and their ability to generate revenues. 

In our Filmed Entertainment business, the theatrical performance of a motion picture affects not only the theatrical revenues we receive but also
those from other distribution channels, such as home entertainment sales, television licenses and sales of licensed consumer products. 

19 

Table of Contents

Changes in Advertising Markets Could Cause Our Revenues and Operating Results to Decline Significantly in
Any Given Period or in Specific Markets 

We derive substantial revenues from the sale of advertising on a variety of platforms, and a
decline in advertising expenditures could have a significant adverse affect on our revenues and operating results in any given period. Fluctuations and declines in advertising spending can be caused by the economic prospects of specific advertisers
or industries, or the economy in general, and advertisers may adjust their spending priorities based on these or other factors. Changes in the advertising industry, such as the introduction of commercial ratings in 2008, can also affect our
advertising revenues. 

In addition, the pricing and volume of advertising in the markets where we compete may be affected by shifts in
spending toward online and mobile outlets from more traditional media, or toward new ways of purchasing advertising, such as through third parties selling local advertising spots and advertising exchanges. For example, we and other cable network
owners may provide advertising inventory on our networks to cable television or satellite operators and other intermediaries that may compete with our direct sales. 

Political, social or technological change may also reduce various sectors’ advertising expenditures. For example, Federal legislators and regulators could impose additional limitations on advertising
to children in an effort to combat childhood obesity and unhealthy eating or for other reasons, impose limitations on the marketing of certain movies, or regulate product placement and other program sponsorship arrangements. Any reduction in
advertising expenditures could have an adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 

Global Economic Conditions May Continue
to Have an Adverse Effect on Our Businesses 

Recent economic conditions have adversely affected aspects of our businesses worldwide, in
particular revenues derived from advertising sales and sales of video games, home entertainment and other consumer products. Economic conditions can negatively affect the businesses of our partners who purchase advertising on our networks and reduce
their spending on advertising. In addition, increased unemployment and slowing consumer spending can reduce sales of our retail products, including the Rock Band franchise, DVDs and other home entertainment products, and consumer merchandise.
We also depend on the financial markets for access to capital on favorable terms, as do many of our business partners, including cable and satellite operators, retailers, theater operators, games publishers and others. Limited or expensive access to
capital could make it more difficult for these partners to do business with us, or to do business generally. The worsening of current global economic conditions would adversely affect our businesses and financial condition. 

Our Businesses Operate in Highly Competitive Industries 

Companies in the cable networks, motion picture, digital and video game industries depend on audience acceptance of content, appeal to advertisers and solid distribution relationships. Competition for
content, audiences, advertising and distribution is intense and comes from broadcast television, other cable networks, online and mobile properties, movie studios and independent film producers and distributors, and video games, among other
entertainment outlets. Competition also comes from pirated content. 

Our competitors include market participants with interests in multiple
media businesses which are often vertically integrated, whereas our Media Networks businesses generally rely on distribution relationships with third parties. As more cable and satellite operators, Internet service providers and other content
distributors create or acquire their own content, they may prioritize distribution of their content over ours, which could adversely affect our ability to negotiate favorable terms. Our competitors could also have preferential access to important
technologies, customer data or other competitive information. Our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including our ability to create or acquire high quality and popular entertainment content, adapt to new technologies
and distribution platforms, and achieve widespread distribution. More content distribution options increases competition for viewers, and competitors targeting programming to narrowly defined, or “fragmented”, audiences may gain an
advantage over us for television advertising and affiliate revenues. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or potential competitors, or that competition will not have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

20 

Table of Contents

Theft of Our Entertainment Content, Including Digital Copyright Theft and Other Unauthorized Exhibitions
of Our Content, May Decrease Revenue Received from Our Programming and Motion Pictures and Adversely Affect Our Business and Profitability 

The success of our business depends in part on our ability to maintain our intellectual property rights to our entertainment content. We are fundamentally a content company and theft of our brands, motion pictures and home entertainment
product, programming, digital content and other intellectual property has the potential to significantly affect us and the value of our content. Copyright theft is particularly prevalent in many parts of the world that lack effective enforcement of
copyright and technical protective measures similar to existing law in the United States. Domestically, the interpretation of copyright, privacy and other laws as applied to our content, and our piracy detection and enforcement efforts, remain in
flux. The weakening of laws related to the enforcement of intellectual property rights could make it more difficult for us to adequately protect our intellectual property, negatively affecting its value. Copyright theft and other unauthorized uses
of content are made easier by the wide availability of higher bandwidth and reduced storage costs, as well as tools that undermine security features such as encryption and the ability of pirates to cloak their identities online. Copyright theft has
an adverse effect on our business because it reduces the revenue that we are able to receive from the legitimate sale and distribution of our content, undermines lawful distribution channels and inhibits our ability to recoup or profit from the
expense incurred to create such works. We are actively engaged in enforcement and other activities to protect our intellectual property, and it is likely that we will continue to expend substantial resources in connection with these efforts. These
efforts to prevent the unauthorized use of our content may affect our profitability, and may not be successful in adequately limiting unauthorized distribution of our creative works. 

We Must Respond to and Capitalize on Rapid Changes in Consumer Behavior Resulting from New Technologies and Distribution Platforms in Order to Remain Competitive and Exploit New Opportunities

Consumers are spending an increasing amount of time on the Internet and mobile devices, and technology in these areas continues to evolve
rapidly. We must adapt our businesses to changing consumer behavior driven by new or enhanced offerings such as the direct connection of television to the Internet or gaming consoles, the increased availability of content online, including potential
online distribution by our traditional cable and satellite operator partners, and Blu-ray, video-on-demand and other enhanced home entertainment offerings. There is also increased mobility of content and greater demand for short form, user-generated
and interactive content. 

Technological advancements and changing consumer behavior may impact our traditional distribution methods, for
example, by reducing viewership of our cable networks, the demand for DVD product or pay television subscriptions and/or the desire to see motion pictures in theaters. The DVD market continued to be soft in 2009. Particularly in light of
developments in the home entertainment arena, it is possible that the DVD market may not recover to historical levels of sales or profitability. To offset this possibility, it is important that we find new and enhanced ways to market and deliver our
films securely in the home entertainment marketplace and there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so or achieve historical revenue or margin levels. 

In addition, consumers are increasingly viewing content on a time-delayed or on-demand basis from the Internet, on their televisions and on handheld or portable devices. Technological advances can
increase fragmentation, creating additional competition for our content. We must continue to adapt our content to these viewership habits. Technologies which enable users to fast-forward or skip advertisements may affect the attractiveness of our
offerings to advertisers and could therefore adversely affect our revenues. If we cannot adapt to the changing lifestyles and preferences of our target audiences and capitalize on technological advances with favorable business models, there could be
a negative effect on our business and prospects. 

21 

Table of Contents

Increased Costs for Programming, Motion Pictures and Other Content, as Well as Judgments We Make on the
Potential Performance of our Content, May Adversely Affect Our Profits and Balance Sheet 

In our Media Networks segment, we have
historically produced a significant amount of original programming and intend to continue to invest in this area. We also acquire programming, such as motion pictures and television series, from other studios and television production companies and
pay a license fee in connection with the acquired rights. Our investments in original and acquired programming are significant, and involve complex negotiations with numerous third parties. These costs may not be recouped when the program is
broadcast or distributed and may lead to decreased profitability or potential write-downs. 

The Filmed Entertainment segment’s
core business involves the production, marketing and distribution of motion pictures, the costs of which have generally been increasing. A film’s underperformance theatrically can significantly affect our revenues and profitability, and
negatively affect the revenues we receive from other distribution platforms. 

The accounting for the expenses we incur in connection with our
programming and motion pictures requires that we make judgments about the potential success and useful life of the program or motion picture. If our estimates prove to be incorrect, we may be forced to accelerate our recognition of the expense
and/or write down the value of the asset. For example, we estimate the ultimate revenues of a motion picture before it is released based on a number of factors. Upon a film’s initial domestic theatrical release and performance, we update our
estimate of ultimate revenues based on actual results. If it is not received favorably, we may reduce our estimate of ultimate revenues, thereby accelerating the amortization of capitalized film costs. Similarly, if we determine it is no longer
advantageous for us to air a program on our networks, we would accelerate our amortization of the program. 

An increase in content acquisition
costs could also affect our profits. For example, we license various music rights from the major record companies and music publishers, performing rights societies and others. Some of these sources of music are highly consolidated. Music costs are
particularly important to our video game and Internet music businesses. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain or negotiate favorable terms for license renewals or additional license agreements from these sources. 

Our Revenues, Expenses and Operating Results May Vary Based on the Timing, Mix, Number and Availability of Our Motion Pictures and on Seasonal Factors

Our revenues and operating results fluctuate due to the timing, mix, number and availability of our theatrical motion picture and home
entertainment releases, as well as license periods for our content. For example, our operating results may increase or decrease during a particular period due to differences in the number and/or mix of films released compared to the corresponding
period in the prior year. Our operating results also fluctuate due to the timing of the recognition of production and marketing expenses, which are typically largely incurred prior to the release of motion pictures and home entertainment product,
with the recognition of related revenues in later periods. 

Our business also has experienced and is expected to continue to experience some
seasonality due to, among other things, seasonal advertising patterns and seasonal influences on audiences’ viewing habits and attendance. Typically, our revenue from advertising increases in the fourth calendar quarter due to the holiday
season, among other factors, and revenue from motion pictures increases in the summer, around holidays and in the fourth calendar quarter. The effects of these variances make it difficult to estimate future operating results based on the results of
any specific quarter. 

22 

Table of Contents

Changes in U.S. or Foreign Communications Laws, Laws Affecting Intellectual Property Rights or Other
Regulations May Have an Adverse Effect on Our Business 

The multichannel video programming and distribution industries in the United
States are highly regulated by U.S. federal laws and regulations issued and administered by various federal agencies, including the FCC. Our program services and online properties are subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including those
relating to issues such as content regulation, user privacy and data protection, and consumer protection, among others. For example, various laws and regulations are intended to protect the interests of children, including limits on the amount and
content of commercial material that may be shown, restrictions on children’s advertising and measures designed to protect the privacy of minors. Practices for the marketing of certain films to children are also being reviewed. 

In addition, the U.S. Congress and the FCC currently have under consideration, and may in the future adopt, new laws, regulations and policies regarding a
wide variety of matters that could directly or indirectly affect the operations or ownership of our U.S. media properties. For example, some policymakers support the extension of indecency rules applicable to over-the-air broadcasters to cover cable
and satellite programming. Other domestic and international governments and regulators may support additional limitations on food and beverage advertising to children including OFCOM in the United Kingdom, which has restricted certain television
advertisements. In addition, certain international restrictions on alcohol advertising and the amount of advertising permitted on commercial networks are under consideration. Our business could be affected, perhaps materially, by any such new laws,
regulations and policies in the jurisdictions where we, or our partners, operate. We could incur substantial costs to comply with new laws and regulations or substantial penalties or other liabilities if we fail to comply. We could also be required
to change or limit certain of our business practices. 

Our Video Game Business Has a Short Operating History and is Subject to Additional
Risks 

In connection with our 2006 acquisition of Harmonix, we significantly expanded our involvement in video and online games, including
Rock Band. The video game industry experienced continuing softness in 2009, which we saw reflected in our sales of these games. Competition from other video games, including music based video games, also affects sales levels. Our games are
distributed on several platforms, and for each platform, there are a variety of controllers and packages available. Greater than anticipated returns, increases in manufacturing or distribution costs, and/or mismatches between forecasted and actual
sales will have an adverse effect on the profitability of this business and affect our results of operations. Further, the video game business is generally subject to the risk of intellectual property litigation, in particular patent litigation, and
there are three patent cases pending against us related to console video games. Although we believe we will prevail in these litigations, litigation is expensive and the outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. The failure to resolve
litigation on satisfactory terms could result in higher costs or the inability to sell one or more products. 

Changes to our Business Could
Result in Future Costs or Charges 

We adjust our business strategy in response to particular events and circumstances, including the
business environment, competitive factors and economic conditions. In connection with the implementation of new strategies, we may decide to restructure certain of our operations, businesses or assets. In addition, external events,
such as reduced revenues resulting from changes in macro-economic conditions, conditions in our markets or increases in costs, could negatively affect the value of our assets. Such events could result in additional restructuring and other
charges, including the impairment of certain assets, and/or the incurrence of additional costs.

23 

Table of Contents

The Loss of Affiliation Agreements, or Renewal on Less Favorable Terms, Could Cause Our Revenues to
Decline in Any Given Period or in Specific Markets 

We are dependent upon our affiliation agreements with cable television operators,
satellite operators, mobile networks and other distributors for the distribution of our program services. We have agreements in place with the major distributors, all of which are multi-year agreements at inception but expire on a staggered basis
over the next several years. There can be no assurance that these affiliation agreements will be renewed in the future on terms, including pricing, acceptable to us. The loss of a significant number of these arrangements or the loss of carriage on
the most widely available programming tiers could reduce the distribution of our program services and decrease the potential audience for our programs, which would adversely affect our advertising and affiliate fee revenues. 

Furthermore, we recently launched EPIX, our premium pay television and video-on-demand service joint venture, to release our motion pictures in the pay
television distribution window. If EPIX is not successful in securing additional affiliate relationships and expanding its subscriber base, it may not be able to continue to pay us for our motion pictures at agreed rates. Our revenues from this
distribution window would thus be negatively affected, and we may not be able to secure pay television distribution for our motion pictures on favorable terms with another distributor. 

The Loss of Key Talent Could Disrupt Our Business and Adversely Affect Our Revenues 

Our
business depends upon the continued efforts, abilities and expertise of our corporate and divisional executive teams and entertainment personalities. We employ or contract with several entertainment personalities with loyal audiences and also
produce motion pictures with highly regarded directors, actors and other talent. These individuals are important to achieving audience endorsement of our programs, motion pictures and other content. There can be no assurance that these individuals
will remain with us or will retain their current appeal, or that the costs associated with returning talent will be reasonable. If we fail to retain these individuals on current terms or if our entertainment personalities lose their current appeal,
our revenues and profitability could be adversely affected. 

We Could Be Adversely Affected by Strikes and Other Union Activity

We and our suppliers engage the services of writers, directors, actors and other talent, trade employees and others who are subject to
collective bargaining agreements. Any labor disputes may disrupt our operations and reduce our revenues, and we may not be able to negotiate favorable terms for a renewal, which could increase our costs. 

Political and Economic Risks in the Countries Where We Do Business Could Harm Our Financial Condition 

Our businesses operate and have customers worldwide, and we are focused on expanding our international operations in key markets, some of which are emerging
markets. Inherent risks of doing business in international markets include, among other risks, changes in the economic environment, export restrictions, currency exchange controls and/or fluctuations, tariffs or other trade barriers, longer payment
cycles and, in some markets, increased risk of political instability. In particular, foreign currency fluctuations against the U.S. Dollar affect our results both positively and negatively which may cause results to fluctuate. Furthermore, some
foreign markets where we operate may be even more adversely affected by recent economic conditions than the United States. We also may incur substantial expense as a result of changes in the existing economic or political environment in the regions
where we do business, including the imposition of new restrictions. Acts of terrorism or other hostilities, or other future financial, political, economic or other uncertainties, could lead to a reduction in revenue or loss of investment, which
could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

24 

Table of Contents

The Failure or Destruction of Satellites and Facilities that We Depend Upon to Distribute Our Programming
Could Adversely Affect Our Business and Results of Operations 

We use satellite systems to transmit our program services to cable
television operators and other distributors worldwide. The distribution facilities include uplinks, communications satellites and downlinks. Notwithstanding back-up and redundant systems, transmissions may be disrupted as a result of local disasters
that impair on-ground uplinks or downlinks, or as a result of an impairment of a satellite. Currently, there are a limited number of communications satellites available for the transmission of programming. If a disruption occurs, we may not be able
to secure alternate distribution facilities in a timely manner. Failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Our Obligations Related to Guarantees, Litigation and Joint Ventures Could Adversely Impact Our Financial Condition 

We have both recorded and potential liabilities and costs related to discontinued operations and former businesses, including, among other things, potential liabilities to landlords if Famous Players Inc.
defaults on certain theater leases. We have also made certain investments in joint ventures and have future funding obligations, which may not be recouped until well after our initial investment, if at all. For example, as a joint venture partner in
EPIX, developments in the businesses of our joint venture partners may require us to invest additional capital in EPIX above that which we originally anticipated. We are also involved in pending and threatened litigation from time to time, the
outcome of which is inherently uncertain and difficult to predict. We cannot assure you that our reserves are sufficient to cover these liabilities in their entirety or any one of these liabilities when it becomes due or at what point any of these
or new liabilities may affect us. Therefore, there can be no assurance that these liabilities will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 

Sales of Additional Shares of Common Stock by National Amusements Could Adversely Affect the Stock Price 

National Amusements, Inc. (“NAI”), which is controlled by our Executive Chairman and Founder, Sumner Redstone, has voting control of Viacom through its beneficial ownership of our Class A
common stock. In October 2009, NAI and its wholly-owned subsidiary NAIRI, Inc. converted a portion of their Class A voting common stock into Class B non-voting common stock and sold approximately $603 million of Class B common stock in
connection with meeting certain requirements under its restructured indebtedness. In 2008, NAI sold approximately $114 million of Class B common stock. Although NAI has advised us that it does not currently intend to sell any additional shares,
there can be no assurance that at some future time it will not sell additional shares of our stock, which could adversely affect our share price. 

Also as part of a restructuring of NAI’s indebtedness, in May 2009, NAI advised us that it had pledged substantially all of its assets, including the shares of our Class A Common Stock that it owns, to secure those obligations.
That pledge remains in place. If NAI defaults on its remaining obligations and the creditors foreclose on the collateral, the creditors or anyone to whom the creditors transfer such shares could convert such shares of our Class A common stock
into shares of our Class B common stock and sell such shares, which could adversely affect our share price. Additionally, if the creditors foreclose on the pledged shares of our Class A common stock, NAI will no longer own those shares and will
therefore no longer have voting control of us. 

Through NAI’s Voting Control of Viacom and CBS Corporation, Certain Members of
Management, Directors and Stockholders May Face Actual or Potential Conflicts of Interest, and NAI is in a Position to Control Actions that Require Stockholder Approval 

Mr. Redstone, the controlling stockholder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of NAI, serves as our Executive Chairman and Founder, and Shari Redstone, the President and a director of NAI, serves
as the non-executive Vice Chair of our Board of Directors. In addition, Philippe Dauman, our President and Chief

25 

Table of Contents

Executive Officer, is a director of NAI, and George Abrams, one of our directors, is a director of NAI. NAI also controls CBS Corporation, with Mr. Redstone serving as its Executive Chairman
and Ms. Redstone serving as its non-executive Vice Chair. Frederic Salerno, one of our directors, is also a director of CBS Corporation. 

Since the fall of 2008, Mr. Dauman has recused himself from activity as an NAI board member with respect to all matters relating to the restructuring of NAI’s indebtedness. In addition, NAI’s board of directors has created a
special committee that does not include Mr. Redstone or Mr. Dauman in order to consider issues that may be perceived to create a conflict between their responsibilities to Viacom and to NAI. Similarly, our Board of Directors has acted by
independent directors when appropriate to address such issues. 

The NAI ownership structure and the common directors could create, or appear
to create, potential conflicts of interest when the management, directors and controlling stockholder of the commonly controlled entities face decisions that could have different implications for each of us. For example, potential conflicts of
interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute between us and CBS Corporation. Potential conflicts of interest, or the appearance thereof, could also arise when we and CBS Corporation enter into any commercial arrangements
with each other, despite review by our directors not affiliated with CBS Corporation. Our certificate of incorporation and the CBS Corporation certificate of incorporation both contain provisions related to corporate opportunities that may be of
interest to us and to CBS Corporation. These provisions create the possibility that a corporate opportunity of one company may be used for the benefit of the other company. 

In addition, NAI’s voting control of us puts it in a position to control the outcome of corporate actions that require stockholder approval, including the election of directors and transactions
involving a change in control. The interests of NAI may not be the same as yours, and you will be unable to affect the outcome of our corporate actions for so long as NAI retains voting control. You will be reliant on our independent directors to
represent your interests. 

We, NAI and CBS Corporation, and our Respective Businesses, Are Attributable to Each Other for Certain
Regulatory Purposes Which May Limit Business Opportunities or Impose Additional Costs 

So long as we, NAI and CBS Corporation are under
common control, each company’s businesses, as well as the businesses of any other commonly controlled company may be attributable to the other companies for purposes of U.S. and non-U.S. antitrust rules and regulations, certain rules and
regulations of the FCC, and certain rules regarding political campaign contributions in the United States, among others. The businesses of each company may continue to be attributable to the other companies for FCC purposes even after the companies
cease to be commonly controlled, if the companies share common officers, directors, or attributable stockholders. As a result, the businesses and conduct of any of these other companies may have the effect of limiting the activities or strategic
business alternatives available to us, including limitations to which we contractually agreed in connection with the separation, or may impose additional costs.