We have a history of net losses, and our future profitability is not assured. 

We incurred net losses of $151.2 million, $261.3 million, and $115.5 million in our fiscal years ended June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004,
respectively. Although we have made progress both in reducing costs associated with our legacy business, as well as in significantly improving our operating results (principally through the acquisition of Acterna in the first quarter of fiscal
2006), a confluence of factors may reduce the impact of these improvements, and may also undermine our ability to grow revenues or to achieve future profitability. These factors include, among others: 

•

uncertain future telecom carrier and cable operator capital and R&D spending levels, which particularly affects our Optical Communications and Communications Test &
Measurement segments; 

•

fluctuations in demand for, and sales of, our products; 

•

adverse changes to our product mix, both fundamentally (resulting from new product transitions, the declining profitability of certain legacy products and the termination of certain
formerly higher margin products, among other things) and due to quarterly demand fluctuations; 

19 

Table of Contents

•

adverse charges associated with underutilization of our manufacturing capacities; 

•

intense pricing pressure across our product lines (due to competitive forces, increasingly from Asia, and to a highly concentrated customer base for many of our product lines),
which continues to offset many of the cost improvements we are realizing quarter over quarter; 

•

availability and cost of components for our products; 

•

increasing commoditization of previously differentiated products, principally in the optical communications markets, and the concomitant negative effect on average selling prices
and profit margins, particularly in our Optical Communications segment; 

•

continuing execution challenges, particularly in our optical communications and commercial laser product portfolio, which limit revenue opportunities and harm profitability, market
opportunities and customer relations; 

•

restructuring charges, employee severance expenses and other costs associated with asset divestitures, facility consolidations, product transfers, product terminations and other
actions associated with our continuing restructuring activities; 

•

revenue declines associated with terminated or divested product lines; 

•

continuing redundant costs related to transitioning of manufacturing to low cost locations; 

•

continuing high levels of selling, general and administrative, (“SG&A”) expenses; and 

•

seasonal fluctuations in revenue from our Communications Test & Measurement products. 

Taken together, these factors limit our ability to predict future profitability levels. While some of these factors may diminish over time as we improve
our cost structure and focus on enhancing our product mix, several factors, such as continuous pricing pressure, increasing Asia-based competition, increasing commoditization of previously-differentiated products, a highly concentrated customer base
for many of our product lines and seasonal Communications Test & Measurement revenue fluctuations, are likely to remain endemic to our businesses. If we fail to achieve profitability expectations, the price of our debt and equity
securities, as well as our business and financial condition, may be adversely impacted. 

If information networks do not continue to expand as expected,
or if industry consolidation continues, our business will be adversely impacted. 

Our future success as a manufacturer of optical
components, modules and subsystems, and communications test and measurement products ultimately depends on the continued growth of the communications industry and, in particular, the continued expansion of global information networks. As part of
that growth, we are relying on increasing demand for high-content voice, video, text and other data delivered over high-speed connections (i.e., high bandwidth communications). As network usage and bandwidth demand increase, so does the need for
advanced networks to provide the required bandwidth and for advanced instruments and equipment to facilitate the installation, maintenance and operation of these networks. Without network and bandwidth growth, the need for our products, and hence
our future growth as a manufacturer of these products, is jeopardized. Currently, while increasing demand for network services and for broadband access, in particular, is apparent, growth is limited by several factors including, among others, an
uncertain regulatory environment, reluctance from content providers to supply video and audio content over the communications infrastructure, and uncertainty regarding long-term sustainable business models as multiple industries (cable, traditional
telecommunications, wireless, satellite, etc.) offer non-complementary and competing content delivery solutions. More broadly, current consolidation trends among communications service providers and network equipment manufacturers could cause
temporary or permanent delays in network expansion. Ultimately, should long-term expectations for network growth and bandwidth demand not be realized or not support sustainable business models, our customers and our business would be significantly
harmed. 

We believe that we will continue to rely upon a limited number of customers for a significant portion of our revenues for each
period for the foreseeable future and any failure by us to capture a significant share of these customers could materially harm our business. Dependence on a limited number of customers exposes us to the risk that order reductions from any one
customer can have a material adverse effect on periodic revenue. We believe that the telecommunications industry has entered a period of consolidation. To the extent that our customer base consolidates, we will have increased dependence on fewer
customers who may be able to exert increased pressure on our prices and contractual terms in general. Customer consolidation activity could also create the potential for pauses in customer demand for our products as a consequence of their
new decision frameworks and periods of operational streamlining. 

20 

Table of Contents

Our Communications Test & Measurement Segment is particularly vulnerable to seasonal variations in our
business. 

The majority of the products in our Communications Test & Measurement segment are subject to significant seasonal
fluctuations in demand. Reasons for this seasonal variation include, among other things, the customary capital equipment and research and development buying patterns of the telecommunications carriers and cable service providers, which are the most
significant customers for these products. As a consequence, we expect seasonal demand fluctuations to cause significant, periodic variations in our financial results for this reportable segment. Moreover, our overall financial results will be
adversely impacted by these seasonal fluctuations to the extent that financial results from our other reportable segments do not offset the declines in our Communications Test & Measurement segment. 

Without stability and growth in our non-communications businesses our margins and profitability may be adversely impacted. 

The Advanced Optical Technologies segment and Lasers business unit represents a material, although varying, portion of our total net revenue. Gross
margins associated with products in these segments often exceed those from products in the Optical Communications segment. While we believe that actions we have taken in the last several quarters (including, among other things, divestitures and end
of life programs associated with certain optics and display products within this segment) have significantly reduced the financial risk, revenue declines associated with Advanced Optical Technologies have had, and may in the future continue to have,
a disproportionate impact on total company profitability measures in any quarter. Accordingly, our strategy emphasizes the growth opportunities in all of our reported segments, as we seek to expand our markets and customer base, improve the
profitability of our product portfolio and improve time to revenue. Therefore, we are engaged in exploring new investments, strategic partnerships and product opportunities in Advanced Optical Technologies and lasers business. Contractions in these
markets or our failure to execute programs related to such investments, partnerships and opportunities may significantly harm our business. 

Our Custom
Optics business has experienced significant recent setbacks and is subject to major transition and risk. 

In recent periods, our Custom
Optics revenues have declined substantially from historic levels, due to, among other things, product line terminations, market seasonality, increased competition, pricing pressures and uncertain demand levels. In response, we have elected to phase
out or divest certain products, outsource the manufacture of one product and consolidate the manufacturing resources related to the remainder of the business. We may incur additional costs or experience additional adverse financial and operational
impacts related to declines in our Custom Optics business. 

Actions to improve our cost structure are costly and risky and the timing and extent of
expected benefits is uncertain. 

In response to our profitability concerns we are working vigorously to reduce our cost structure. We
have taken, and expect to continue to take, significant actions (including site closures, product transfers, asset divestitures and product terminations) in furtherance of this goal. In this regard, over the past several quarters we have initiated
several major cost reduction initiatives. These initiatives include the transfer of manufacturing of certain of our products to contract manufacturing partners and our Shenzhen, China, facilities, site consolidations and divestitures, product line
and operations divestitures, end of life programs and significant headcount reductions. We expect to continue to take additional, similar actions for the foreseeable future opportunistically. We cannot be certain that these programs will be
successful or completed as and when anticipated. These programs are costly, and we have incurred, and will continue to incur, expenses to complete them. In addition, these programs are risky, as they are time-consuming and disruptive to our
operations, employees, customers and suppliers, with no guarantee that the expected results (particularly cost savings and profitability expectations) will be achieved as and when projected or that the costs to complete these programs will not
increase above expected levels. Cost savings achieved through these programs may not be timely or sufficient enough to offset continuing pricing declines. 

If we incur more restructuring-related charges than currently anticipated, our consolidated financial condition and results of operations may be adversely impacted. 

In April 2001, we initiated the Global Realignment Program, or GRP, under which we began restructuring our business in response to the economic downturn.
In fiscal year 2006, we recorded total related restructuring charges of $35.0 million. These charges along with other charges, have adversely affected, and will continue to adversely affect, our results of operations and cash flows for the periods
in which such charges have been, or will be, incurred. In the future, we may incur additional charges or write-offs in connection with restructuring initiatives. 

21 

Table of Contents

If our contract manufacturers fail to perform their obligations, our business will be adversely impacted.

We are increasing our use of contract manufacturers as a cost effective alternative to internal manufacturing of lower complexity,
higher volume products. Among other things, we recently transferred, or have agreed to transfer, several of our facilities, assets and manufacturing operations to our contract manufacturer, Fabrinet Co. Ltd., and have also agreed to transfer the
manufacture of certain other products to an additional contract manufacturer. As a result, our reliance on these and other contract manufacturers as primary manufacturing resources is growing significantly. Consequently, we are increasingly exposed
to the general risks associated with the businesses, operations and financial condition of our contract manufacturers, including, among other things, the risks of bankruptcy, insolvency, management changes, adverse change of control, natural
disasters, and local political or economic volatility or instability. Thus, if our contract manufacturers do not fulfill their obligations to us on a timely basis for any reason, or if we do not properly manage these relationships and the transition
of assets, operations and product manufacturing to these contract manufacturers, our business and customer relationships will be adversely impacted. In addition, by undertaking these activities, we run the risk that the reputation and
competitiveness of our products and services may deteriorate as a result of the reduction of our control over quality and delivery schedules. We also may experience supply interruptions, cost escalations and competitive disadvantages if our contract
manufacturers fail to develop, implement or maintain manufacturing methods appropriate for our products and customers. In this regard, we have experienced, and continue to periodically experience, difficulties (such as delays, interruptions and
quality problems) associated with products we have transferred to contract manufacturers. If we are forced to transfer manufacturing from one contract manufacturer to another there would likely be additional cost and delay involved. These may
continue, resulting in, among other things, lost revenue opportunities, customer dissatisfaction and additional costs. 

We have continuing concerns
regarding the manufacture, quality and distribution of our products. These concerns are heightened as new product offerings and overall demand increase. 

Our success depends upon our ability to deliver high quality products on time and at acceptable cost to our customers. As a technology company, we constantly encounter quality, volume and cost concerns. Currently, a
combination of factors is exacerbating our concerns, including: 

•

our continuing cost reduction programs, which include site consolidations, asset divestitures, product transfers (internally and to contract manufacturers) and employee reductions,
require the re-establishment and re-qualification by our customers of complex manufacturing lines, as well as modifications to systems, planning and operational infrastructure. During this process, we have experienced, and continue to experience
additional costs, delays in re-establishing volume production levels, supply chain interruptions, planning difficulties, inventory issues, factory absorption concerns, and systems integration problems; 

•

increases in demand for certain of our products, in the midst of our cost reduction programs, are straining our execution abilities as well as those of our suppliers, as we are
experiencing periodic and varying capacity, workforce and materials constraints, enhanced by the impact of our ongoing product and operational transfers; and 

•

recently, we have commenced a series of new product programs and introductions, particularly in our circuit pack, communications modules, optical switches and communications test
and management products, which due to the untested and untried nature of the relevant products and of their manufacture with their increased complexity, expose us to yield and product risk internally and with our materials suppliers.

These factors have caused considerable strain on our execution capabilities and customer relations. Currently, we are
(a) having periodic difficulty responding to customer delivery expectations for some of our products, (b) experiencing yield and quality problems, particularly with some of our new products and higher volume products, and
(c) expending additional funds and other resources to respond to these execution challenges. We are currently losing revenue opportunities due to these concerns. We are also, in the short-term, diverting resources from new product research and
development and other functions to assist with resolving these matters. If we do not improve our performance in all of these areas, our operating results will be harmed, the commercial viability of new products may be challenged and our customers
may choose to reduce their purchases of our products and purchase additional products from our competitors. 

22 

Table of Contents

Variability of manufacturing yields may affect our gross margins. 

We manufacture products using highly complex processes that require technologically advanced equipment and continuous modification to improve yields and
performance. Manufacturing yields depend on a number of factors, including the volume of production due to customer demand and the nature and extent of changes in specifications required by customers for which we perform design-in work. Difficulties
in the manufacturing process, the effects from a shift in product mix, changes in product specifications and the introduction of new product lines can reduce yields or disrupt production and thereby increase our manufacturing costs. We may
experience difficulties in achieving planned yields, which may adversely affect our gross margins. An increase in the rejection rate of products during the quality control process can also result in lower yields and margins. If we are unable to
continue to improve yields in the future, particularly during the production of new products or introduction of new process technologies, we may be unable to meet our customers’ requirements and our results of operations could be materially and
adversely affected. 

If our customers do not qualify our manufacturing lines for volume shipments, our operating results could be adversely impacted.

Customers will not purchase certain of our products, other than limited numbers of evaluation units, prior to qualification of the
manufacturing lines for the products. This concern is particularly relevant to us as we continue programs to reduce costs through targeted, customer-driven, restructuring events, which involve the relocation of certain of our manufacturing
internally and to external manufacturers. Each new and relocated manufacturing line must undergo rigorous qualification testing with our customers. The qualification process can be lengthy and is expensive, with no guarantee that any particular
product qualification process will lead to profitable product sales. The qualification process determines whether the manufacturing line achieves the customers’ quality, performance and reliability standards. Our expectations as to the time
periods required to qualify a product line and ship products in volumes to customers may be erroneous. Delays in qualification can cause a long-term supply program to be cancelled. These delays will also impair the expected timing, and may impair
the expected amount, of sales of the affected products. Nevertheless, we may, in fact, experience delays in obtaining qualification of our manufacturing lines and, as a consequence, our operating results and customer relationships would be harmed.

We could incur significant costs to correct defective products. 

Our products are rigorously tested for quality both by our customers and by us. Nevertheless, our products do, and may continue to, fail to meet customer expectations from time-to-time. Also, not all defects are
immediately detectible. Customers’ testing procedures are limited to evaluating our products under likely and foreseeable failure scenarios. For various reasons (including, among others, the occurrence of performance problems that are
unforeseeable in testing or that are detected only when products are fully deployed and operated under peak stress conditions), our products may fail to perform as expected long after customer acceptance. Failures could result from faulty design or
problems in manufacturing. In either case, we could incur significant costs to repair and/or replace defective products under warranty, particularly when such failures occur in installed systems. We have experienced such failures in the past and
remain exposed to such failures, as our products are widely deployed throughout the world in multiple demanding environments and applications. In some cases, product redesigns or additional capital equipment may be required to correct a defect. We
have in the past increased our warranty reserves and have incurred significant expenses relating to certain communications products. Any significant product failure could result in lost future sales of the affected product and other products, as
well as severe customer relations problems, litigation and damage to our reputation. 

If we cannot develop new product offerings or if our new product
offerings fail in the market, our business will be adversely impacted. 

We are a technology-dependent company. Our success or failure
depends, in large part, upon our ability to continuously and successfully introduce and market new products and technologies meeting or exceeding our customers’ expectations in a timely manner. Accordingly, we intend to continue to develop new
product lines and improve the business for existing ones. However, we have considerably reduced our research and development spending from historic levels and some of our competitors now spend considerably higher percentages of their revenues on
research and development than we do. If we fail to develop and sustain a robust, commercially viable product pipeline, our business will be adversely impacted. We are also experiencing market timing concerns for some of our product offerings,
particularly relative to our Communications Test and Measurement segment. 

In recent periods, we have increased our focus on new products,
particularly in our circuit pack, communications modules, optical switches and test and measurement businesses. However, several of the key relevant products are untried and untested and have not yet demonstrated long-term commercial viability.
Occasionally, problems occur causing us to cancel or adjust new 

23 

Table of Contents

product programs. Current challenges, which we are particularly experiencing across our new Optical Communications product efforts, include establishing
sustainable pricing and cost models, predictable and acceptable quality and yields, and adequate and reliable supply chains, as well as demonstrating our (and our suppliers’) ability to scale and provide adequate facilities, personnel and other
resources. If we fail to successfully develop and commercialize some or all of these new products, our business could be adversely impacted. 

Signs of
market stability are not necessarily indicative of long-term growth. 

Both our direct communications equipment manufacturer customer
base and their customer base, the service providers, have been significantly reduced due to industry consolidations and the reduction of the competitive local exchange carriers. These consolidations have the potential to directly impact our
communications test business, which includes all of the major telecommunications service providers in our customer base, as well as our optical communications products. Notwithstanding signs of market stability, visibility into our markets,
particularly the telecommunications market, remains limited and average selling prices continue to decline, creating uncertainty and variability in our revenue and profitability targets and projections. Because our visibility remains limited, we
remain cautious and cannot predict the timing or magnitude of growth for our industries or our business at this time. 

The communications equipment
industry has extremely long product development cycles requiring us to incur product development costs without assurances of an acceptable investment return. 

The telecommunications industry is a capital-intensive industry similar, in many respects, to any other infrastructure development industry. Large volumes of equipment and support structures are installed over vast
areas, with considerable expenditures of funds and other resources, with long investment return period expectations. Moreover, reliability requirements are intense. Consequently, there is significant resistance to network redesigns and upgrades.
Redesigns and upgrades of installed systems are undertaken only as required in response to user demand and competitive pressures and generally only after the applicable carrier has received sufficient return on its major investment. At the component
supplier level this creates considerable, typically multi-year, gaps between the commencement of new product development and volume purchases. Accordingly, we and our competitors often incur significant research and development and sales and
marketing costs for products that, at the earliest, will be purchased by our customers long after much of the cost is incurred and, in some cases, may never be purchased due to changes in industry or customer requirements in the interim. 

Our business and financial condition could be harmed by our long-term growth strategy. 

We have made, and expect in the future to make, significant investments to enable our future growth through, among other things, internal expansion
programs, product development, acquisitions and other strategic initiatives. We may continue to grow our business through business combinations or other acquisitions of businesses, products or technologies. We continually evaluate and explore
strategic opportunities as they arise, including business combinations, strategic partnerships, capital investments and the purchase, licensing or sale of assets. Acquisitions typically entail many risks (see “Risks in acquisitions”). If
we fail to manage or anticipate our future growth effectively, particularly during periods of industry uncertainty, our business will be adversely impacted. Through our cost reductions measures we are balancing the need to consolidate our operations
with the need to preserve our ability to grow and scale our operations as our markets stabilize and recover. If we fail to achieve this balance, our business will be adversely impacted to the extent our resources and operations are insufficient to
support growth. 

24 

Table of Contents

One of our products is dependent upon a single customer for a majority of sales. 

We have a strategic alliance with SICPA, our principal customer for our light interference pigments which are used to, among other things, provide
security features in currency. Under a license and supply agreement, we rely exclusively on SICPA to market and sell this product worldwide. The agreement requires SICPA to purchase minimum quantities of these pigments over the term of the
agreement. If SICPA fails to purchase these quantities, as and when required by the agreement, for any reason, our business and operating results (including, among other things, our revenue and gross margin) will be harmed, at least in the
short-term. In the long-term, we may be unable to find a substitute marketing and sales partner or develop these capabilities ourselves. 

We depend on a
limited number of vendors. 

We depend on a limited number of contract manufacturers, subcontractors, and suppliers for raw materials,
packages and standard components. Many of our important products rely on single-source suppliers for critical materials. These products include several of our advanced components, modules and subsystem products across our business. We generally
purchase these single or limited source products through standard purchase orders or one-year supply agreements, and we have no long-term guaranteed supply agreements with such suppliers. In addition, many of our important suppliers are small
companies facing financial stability, quality, yield, scale or delivery concerns. Some of these companies may be acquired, undergo material reorganizations or become insolvent. Others are larger companies with limited dependency upon our business,
resulting in unfavorable pricing, quantity or delivery terms. The recent signs of market stability in our business have exacerbated these concerns as we increase our purchasing to meet our customers’ demands. While we are currently undertaking
programs to ensure the long-term strength of our supply chain, we are experiencing and expect to continue to experience, strain on our supply chain and periodic supplier problems. Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected by
a stoppage or delay of supply, substitution of more expensive or less reliable products, receipt of defective parts or contaminated materials, an increase in the price of such supplies, or our inability to obtain reduced pricing from our suppliers
in response to competitive pressures. In addition, these problems have affected, and will continue to affect, our ability to meet customer expectations. If we do not identify and implement long-term solutions to our supply chain concerns, our
customer relationships and business will be materially impacted. 

We generally use a rolling twelve and fifteen month forecast based on
anticipated product orders, customer forecasts, product order history, warranty and service demand, and backlog to determine our material requirements. Lead times for the parts and components that we order vary significantly and depend on factors
such as the specific supplier, contract terms and demand for a component at a given time. If actual orders do not match our forecasts, we may have excess or shortfalls of some materials and components as well as excess inventory purchase
commitments. We could experience reduced or delayed product shipments or incur additional inventory write-downs and cancellation charges or penalties, which would increase costs and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.

Any failure to remain competitive would harm our operating results. 

The markets in which we sell our products are highly competitive and characterized by rapidly changing and converging technologies, as well as continuous pricing pressure. We face intense competition from established
domestic and international competitors and the threat of future competition from new and emerging companies in all aspects of our business. Much of our current competition comes from large, diversified Asian corporations, and emerging optical
companies based in China. These competitors have considerable expertise, and often very low cost structures. The competitive threat is exacerbated by the overall trend towards increased commoditization of traditionally highly differentiated
products, particularly in our Optical Communications segment. Increased pricing pressures have resulted in lower average selling prices for our Optical Communications products and continued operating losses for fiscal 2006. We expect Asian, and
particularly Chinese, competition to increase across our portfolio. To remain competitive in both the current and future business climates, we believe we must maintain a substantial commitment to innovation and product differentiation, as well as
significantly improve our cost structure. Our efforts to remain competitive may be unsuccessful. 

Risks in acquisitions. 

Our growth is dependent upon market growth, our ability to enhance our existing products and the introduction of new products on a timely basis. We have
and will continue to address the need to develop new products through acquisitions of other companies and technologies. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including the following: 

•

difficulties in integrating the operations, technologies, products and personnel of the acquired companies; 

25 

Table of Contents

•

inadequate internal control procedures and disclosure controls to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

•

diversion of management’s attention from normal daily operations of the business; 

•

potential difficulties in completing projects associated with in-process research and development; 

•

difficulties in entering markets in which we have no or limited direct prior experience and where competitors in such markets have stronger market positions;

•

insufficient net revenue to offset increased expenses associated with acquisitions; and 

•

potential loss of key employees of the acquired companies. 

Acquisitions may also cause us to: 

•

issue common stock that would dilute our current shareholders’ percentage ownership; 

•

assume liabilities, some of which may be unknown at the time of such acquisitions; 

•

record goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets that will be subject to impairment testing and potential periodic impairment charges; 

•

incur amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets; 

•

incur large and immediate write-offs of in-process research and development costs; or 

•

become subject to litigation. 

Mergers and acquisitions
of high-technology companies are inherently risky, and no assurance can be given that our previous or future acquisitions will be successful or will not adversely affect our business, operating results, or financial condition. We are currently
devoting significant resources to the integration of our recent acquisition of Acterna, which among other things, requires significant investment in IT systems and infrastructure. Failure to manage and successfully integrate acquisitions could harm
our business and operating results in a material way. Even when an acquired company has already developed and marketed products, there can be no assurance that product enhancements will be made in a timely fashion or that all pre-acquisition due
diligence will have identified all possible issues that might arise with respect to such products. 

Expenses relating to acquired
in-process research and development costs are charged in the period in which an acquisition is completed. These charges may occur in future acquisitions resulting in variability in our quarterly earnings. 

If we fail to attract and retain key personnel, our business could be adversely impacted. 

Our future depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain key personnel. We may not be able to hire and retain such personnel at compensation
levels consistent with our existing compensation and salary structure. Our future also depends on the continued contributions of our executive management team and other key management and technical personnel, each of whom would be difficult to
replace. The loss of service from these or other executive officers or key personnel or the inability to continue to attract qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business. Retention of key talent is an increasing concern
as we continue to implement cost improvement programs, including product transfers and site reductions, and as we continue to address our profitability concerns. 

Similar to other technology companies, particularly those located in Silicon Valley, we rely upon our ability to use stock options and other forms of stock-based compensation as key components of our executive and
employee compensation structure. Historically, these components have been critical to our ability to retain important personnel and offer competitive compensation packages. Without these components, we would be required to significantly increase
cash compensation levels (or develop alternative compensation structures) in order to retain our key employees, particularly as and when an industry recovery returns. 

26 

Table of Contents

Recent requirements mandating the expensing of stock-based compensation awards may cause us to substantially reduce, or even eliminate, all or portions of
our stock-based compensation programs which may negatively impact our ability to attract and retain key employees. 

If we fail to attract and retain key
finance personnel, our ability to maintain internal control over financial reporting may be impaired. 

We have filled most of the
vacancies within our finance organization. In the past two quarters, we have strengthened the technical capabilities of finance management staff through the hiring of our Corporate Controller, Technical Accounting Director, Assistant Corporate
Controller, and Manufacturing Controller. We will continue to recruit key finance personnel to support the operations of our Communications Test & Measurement segment, which was established through our acquisition of Acterna, which has
previously been a privately held company with internal control procedures and disclosure controls and procedures that were not designed or maintained for public company reporting. If we are unable to attract and retain our key finance personnel we
may not be able to sustain our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Finance personnel in new positions may require additional
quarterly reporting cycles to be fully trained and familiar with historically complex transactions and the challenges of integrating Acterna and other strategic acquisitions. Should we continue to experience turnover or are unable to recruit
financial personnel needed in the corporate accounting and finance functions, or should the demands increase on our current resources due to an increase in the number of complex, non-routine transactions, our internal control over financial
reporting could be adversely impacted. This could result in material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Certain of our
non-communications related products are subject to governmental and industry regulations, certifications and approvals. 

The
commercialization of certain of the products we design, manufacture and distribute through our Advanced Optical Technologies segment and Lasers business unit may be more costly due to required government approval and industry acceptance processes.
Development of applications for our light interference pigment products may require significant testing that could delay our sales. For example, certain uses in cosmetics may be regulated by the Food and Drug Administration, which has extensive and
lengthy approval processes. Durability testing by the automobile industry of our pigments used with automotive paints can take up to three years. If we change a product for any reason, including technological changes or changes in the manufacturing
process, prior approvals or certifications may be invalid and we may need to go through the approval process again. If we are unable to obtain these or other government or industry certifications in a timely manner, or at all, our operating results
could be adversely affected. 

We face risks related to our international operations and revenue. 

Our customers are located throughout the world. In addition, we have significant offshore operations, including product development, manufacturing, sales
and customer support operations. Our operations outside North America include product development and manufacturing facilities in Europe and Asia and service, sales and support offices worldwide. 

Our international presence exposes us to certain risks, including the following: 

•

Our ability to comply with customs, import/export and other trade compliance regulations of the countries in which we do business, together with any unexpected changes in such
regulations; 

•

difficulties in establishing and enforcing our intellectual property rights; 

•

tariffs and other trade barriers; 

•

political, legal and economic instability in foreign markets, particularly in those markets in which we maintain manufacturing and product development facilities;

•

difficulties in staffing and management; 

•

language and cultural barriers; 

27 

Table of Contents

•

seasonal reductions in business activities in the countries where our international customers are located; 

•

integration of foreign operations; 

•

longer payment cycles; 

•

greater difficulty in accounts receivable collection; 

•

difficulties in management of foreign distributors; 

•

currency fluctuations; and 

•

potential adverse tax consequences. 

Net revenue from
customers outside the Americas accounted for 39%, 34% and 36% of our total net revenue for fiscal year 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. We expect that net revenue from customers outside North America will continue to account for a significant
portion of our total net revenue. Lower sales levels that typically occur during the summer months in Europe and some other overseas markets may materially and adversely affect our business. In addition, the revenues we derive from many of our
customers depend on international sales and consequently further expose us to the risks associated with such international sales. 

The
international dimensions of our operations and sales subject us to a myriad of domestic and foreign trade regulatory requirements. As part of our ongoing integration program, we are evaluating our current trade compliance practices and implementing
improvements where necessary. Among other things, we are auditing our product export classification and customs procedures and are installing trade information and compliance systems using our global enterprise software platforms. We do not
currently expect the costs of such evaluation or the implementation of any resulting improvements to have a material adverse effect on our operating results or business. However, our evaluation and related implementation are not yet complete and,
accordingly, the costs could be greater than expected, and such costs and the legal consequences of any failure to comply with applicable regulations could affect our business and operating results. 

Changes in our effective tax rate or adverse outcomes resulting from tax audits may have an adverse impact our results. 

As an international corporation, we are subject to taxation in the various jurisdictions in which we conduct business. Significant judgment is required in
the determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and this determination requires the interpretation and application of complex and sometimes uncertain tax laws and regulations. Our effective tax rate may be adversely impacted by changes
in the mix of earnings between countries which have different statutory tax rates, in the valuation of our deferred tax assets, and by changes in tax rules and regulations. We are subject to income tax audits in the respective jurisdictions in which
we conduct business and we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these tax audits to ascertain the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes of these tax audits will not have
an adverse impact on our results and financial condition. 

We are increasing operations in China, which exposes us to risks inherent in doing business
in China. 

As a result of our efforts to reduce costs, we have increased our manufacturing operations in China. Looking ahead we expect
to expand our research and development activities in China. Our China-based activities are subject to greater political, legal and economic risks than those faced by our other operations. See “We face risks related to our international
operations and revenue.” These concerns will increase as we expand our activities in China to include product research and development, which may expose our critical technology to foreign misappropriation. In particular, the political, legal
and economic climate in China (both at national and regional levels) is extremely fluid and unpredictable. Our ability to operate in China may be adversely affected by changes in Chinese laws and regulations, such as those relating to taxation,
import and export tariffs, environmental regulations, land use rights, intellectual property and other matters, which laws and regulations remain highly underdeveloped and subject to change, with little or no prior notice, for political or other
reasons. Moreover, the enforceability of applicable existing Chinese laws and regulations is uncertain. These concerns are heightened for foreign businesses, such as ours, operating in China. In addition, we may not obtain the requisite legal
permits to continue to operate in China and costs or operational limitations may be imposed in connection with obtaining and complying with such permits. Our business could be materially harmed by any changes to the political, legal or economic
climate in China or the inability to enforce applicable Chinese laws and regulations. 

28 

Table of Contents

Currently, we operate manufacturing facilities located in Shenzhen and Beijing, China. As part of our
efforts to reduce costs, we continue to increase the scope and extent of our manufacturing operations in our Shenzhen facilities. Accordingly, we expect that our ability to operate successfully in China will become increasingly important to our
overall success. As we continue to consolidate our manufacturing operations, we will incur additional costs to transfer product lines to our facilities located in China, including costs of qualification testing with our customers, which could have a
material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition. See also “If our customers do not qualify our manufacturing lines for volume shipments, our operating results could be adversely impacted.” 

As a result of a government order to ration power for industrial use, operations in our Shenzhen facilities may be subject to possible interruptions or
shutdowns. Our ability to complete manufacturing commitments on a timely basis may be adversely affected. If we are required to make significant investments in generating capacity to sustain uninterrupted operations at our Shenzhen facilities, we
may not realize the reductions in costs anticipated from our expansion in China. In addition, future outbreaks of avian influenza, or other communicable diseases, could result in quarantines or closures of our Beijing and Shenzhen facilities,
thereby disrupting our operations and expansion in China. 

We intend to export the majority of the products manufactured at our facilities
in China. Accordingly, upon application to and approval by the relevant governmental authorities, we will not be subject to certain Chinese taxes and are exempt from customs duty assessment on imported components or materials when the finished
products are exported from China. We are, however, required to pay income taxes in China, subject to certain tax relief. As the Chinese trade regulations are in a state of flux, we may become subject to other forms of taxation and duty assessments
in China or may be required to pay for export license fees in the future. In the event that we become subject to any increased taxes or new forms of taxation imposed by authorities in China, our results of operations could be materially and
adversely affected. 

Managing our inventory is complex and may include write-downs of excess or obsolete inventory. 

Managing our inventory of components and finished products is a complex task. A number of factors, including the need to maintain a significant inventory
of certain components that are in short supply or that must be purchased in bulk to obtain favorable pricing or require long lead times, may result in our maintaining large amounts of inventory. In addition, we base many of our operating decisions,
and enter into purchase commitments, on the basis of anticipated revenue trends which are highly unpredictable. Inventory which is not used or expected to be used as and when planned may become excess or obsolete. Any excess or obsolete inventory
could also result in sales price reductions and/or inventory write-downs, which historically have adversely affected our business and results of operations, and we expect to continue. 

Our business and operations would be adversely impacted in the event of a failure of our information technology infrastructure. 

We rely upon the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology hardware and software infrastructure and our ability to expand and update this infrastructure in response to our changing needs. We are
constantly updating our information technology infrastructure. For example, we have entered into an agreement with Oracle to provide and maintain our global ERP infrastructure on an outsourced basis. Any failure to manage, expand and update our
information technology infrastructure or any failure in the operation of this infrastructure could harm our business. 

Our recent
acquisitions of Acterna and Agility create additional burden and risk, in the short term, as we expend resources to install the appropriate information technology systems and other processes to address our expanded operations. The integration of
Acterna is of particular concern to our information technology infrastructure due to Acterna’s size and complexity. Converting Acterna’s business processes, data and applications to our standards continues to be a complex and
time-consuming task. During this transition period, we are exposed to the risks associated with incompatible and complex reporting systems. 

Despite our implementation of security measures, our systems are vulnerable to damages from computer viruses, natural disasters, unauthorized access and other similar disruptions. Any system failure, accident or security breach could result
in disruptions to our operations. To the extent that any disruptions or security breach results in a loss or damage to our data, or in inappropriate disclosure of confidential information, it could harm our business. In addition, we may be required
to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future. 

29 

Table of Contents

If we fail to remediate our current system of internal controls to an effective level, we may not be able to
accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, our business could be harmed and current and potential investors could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our
debt and equity securities. 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and to effectively
prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our brand, operating results and the market value of our debt and equity securities could be harmed. We have in the past discovered, and may in the future discover,
areas of our internal controls that need improvement. Specifically, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2006 identified certain material weakness in our internal controls processes identified by our independent registered public accounting
firm in connection with performing an audit of our financial statements related to Acterna, a privately held company which we acquired in August 2005. 

We have devoted significant resources to remediate and improve our internal controls. We have also been monitoring the effectiveness of these remediated measures. We cannot be certain that these measures will ensure
adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future. We intend to continue implementing changes to our processes to improve internal controls over financial reporting. Any failure to implement required new or improved
controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. 

Inadequate internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our debt and equity securities. Further, the
impact of these events could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers, which could harm our business. The additions of Acterna and Agility have
significantly increased the burden on our systems and infrastructure, and impose additional risk to the ongoing effectiveness of our internal controls, disclosure controls, and procedures. As privately-held companies, both Acterna and Agility lacked
the systems, reporting infrastructure, and internal control procedures typical of a publicly-held company of similar size and complexity. The integration of Acterna is of particular concern to our internal controls, disclosure controls, and
procedures due to Acterna’s size and complexity. Consequently, we expect to expend significant resources and effort in this regard and are not certain that our efforts will be successful. 

If we fail to timely file with the trustee of our Zero Coupon Senior Convertible Notes or our 1% Senior Convertible Notes certain information, documents and reports
required to be filed by us with the SEC, such notes could become due and payable immediately. As a result, our liquidity position could be adversely impacted or we may not have enough cash to pay the note holders, which would harm our business and
the trading price of our debt and equity securities. 

Recently, we have had difficulty filing certain of our reports with the SEC in the
accelerated timeframe required by the SEC. Under the terms of both of the indentures governing our senior convertible notes, we must comply with certain covenants, agreements and conditions, including filing with the trustee certain information,
documents and reports required to be filed by us with the SEC. Certain failures to comply with the filing of such reports with the trustee would constitute a default. Upon such a default, the trustee or holders of 25% of the outstanding principal of
either series of notes have the option to send us a notice of default, demanding that such default be cured within 60 days. If we receive such a notice of default, we will be required to cure such default within 60 days or obtain a waiver from
holders of a majority of the outstanding principal balance of each series of notes. If we cannot cure such default within 60 days or obtain a waiver, the notes could be accelerated. This could severely impact our liquidity position or, under certain
circumstances, we may not have enough cash to pay the note holders, which would harm our business and the trading price of debt and equity securities. 

If we have insufficient proprietary rights or if we fail to protect those we have, our business would be materially harmed. 

We may not obtain the intellectual property rights we require. 

Others, including academic institutions, our competitors and
other large technology-based companies, hold numerous patents in the industries in which we operate. Some of these patents may purport to cover our products. In response, we may seek to acquire license rights to these or other patents or other
intellectual property to the extent necessary to ensure we possess sufficient intellectual property rights for the conduct of our business. Unless we are able to obtain such licenses on commercially reasonable terms, patents or other intellectual
property held by others could inhibit our development of new products, impede the sale of some of our current products, or substantially increase the cost to provide these products to our customers. In the past, licenses generally have been
available to us where third-party technology was necessary or useful for the development or production of our products. In the future licenses to third-party technology may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Generally, a
license, if granted, includes payments by us of up-front fees, ongoing royalties or a combination of both. Such royalties or other 

30 

Table of Contents

terms could have a significant adverse impact on our operating results. We are a licensee of a number of third-party technologies and intellectual property
rights and are required to pay royalties to these third-party licensors on certain software used by us as well as on some of our telecommunications products and laser subsystems. 

Our products may be subject to claims that they infringe the intellectual property rights of others. 

The industry in which we operate experiences periodic claims of patent infringement or other intellectual property rights. We have received in the past
and, from time to time, may in the future receive notices from third parties claiming that our products infringe upon third-party proprietary rights. One consequence of the recent economic downturn is that many companies have turned to their
intellectual property portfolios as an alternative revenue source. This is particularly true of companies which no longer compete with us. Many of these companies have larger, more established intellectual property portfolios than ours. At any one
time we generally have various pending claims from third parties that our products or operations infringe or misappropriate their intellectual property rights or that one or more of our patents are invalid. We will continue to respond to these
claims in the course of our business operations. In the past, the settlement and disposition of these disputes has not had a material adverse impact on our business or financial condition, however this may not be the case in the future. Further, the
litigation or settlement of these matters, regardless of the merit of the claims, could result in significant expense to us and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel, whether or not we are successful. If we are unsuccessful,
we could be required to expend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology or to obtain licenses to the technology that is the subject of the litigation. We may not be successful in such development, or such licenses may not be
available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Without such a license, we could be enjoined from future sales of the infringing product or products, which could adversely affect our revenues and operating results. 

The use of open source software in our products, as well as those of our suppliers, manufacturers and customers, may expose us to additional risks and
harm our intellectual property position. 

Certain of the software and/or firmware that we use and distribute (as well as that of
our suppliers, manufacturers and customers) may be, be derived from, or contain, so-called “open source” software that is generally made available to the public by its authors and/or other third parties. Such open source
software is often made available under licenses which impose obligations in the event the software or derivative works thereof are distributed or re-distributed. These obligations may require us to make source code for the derivative works available
to the public, and/or license such derivative works under a particular type of license, rather than the forms of license customarily used to protect our own software products. While we believe we have complied with our obligations under the
various applicable licenses for open source software, in the event that a court rules that these licenses are unenforceable, or in the event the copyright holder of any open source software were to successfully establish in court that we had not
complied with the terms of a license for a particular work, we could be required to release the source code of that work to the public and/or stop distribution of that work. Additionally, open source licenses are subject to occasional revision.
In the event future iterations of open source software are made available under a revised license, such license revisions may adversely affect our ability to use such future iterations. 

Our intellectual property rights may not be adequately protected. 

Our future depends in part upon our intellectual property, including trade secrets, know-how and continuing technological innovation. We currently hold numerous U.S. patents on products or processes and corresponding
foreign patents and have applications for some patents currently pending. The steps taken by us to protect our intellectual property may not adequately prevent misappropriation or ensure that others will not develop competitive technologies or
products. Other companies may be investigating or developing other technologies that are similar to our own. It is possible that patents may not be issued from any application pending or filed by us and, if patents do issue, the claims allowed may
not be sufficiently broad to deter or prohibit others from marketing similar products. Any patents issued to us may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. Further, the rights under our patents may not provide a competitive advantage to us. In
addition, the laws of some territories in which our products are or may be developed, manufactured or sold, including Europe, Asia-Pacific or Latin America, may not protect our products and intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws
of the United States. 

We face certain litigation risks that could harm our business. 

We have had numerous lawsuits filed against us asserting various claims, including securities and ERISA class actions and stockholder derivative actions.
The results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict. Moreover, many of the complaints filed against us do not specify the amount of damages that plaintiffs seek, and we therefore are unable to estimate the possible 

31 

Table of Contents

range of damages that might be incurred should these lawsuits be resolved against us. While we are unable to estimate the potential damages arising from such
lawsuits, certain of them assert types of claims that, if resolved against us, could give rise to substantial damages. Thus, an unfavorable outcome or settlement of one or more of these lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our financial
position, liquidity and results of operations. Even if these lawsuits are not resolved against us, the uncertainty and expense associated with unresolved lawsuits could seriously harm our business, financial condition and reputation. Litigation can
be costly, time-consuming and disruptive to normal business operations. The costs of defending these lawsuits, particularly the securities class actions and stockholder derivative actions, have been significant, will continue to be costly and may
not be covered by our insurance policies. The defense of these lawsuits could also result in continued diversion of our management’s time and attention away from business operations, which could harm our business. 

Recently enacted and proposed regulatory changes will cause us to incur increased costs. 

We continue to evaluate our internal control systems in order to allow our management to report on, and our independent registered public accounting firm
to attest to, our internal controls over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. As a result, we continue to incur substantial expenses. In addition, we continue to make acquisitions and we cannot
assure that we will be able to properly integrate the internal controls processes of, or effectively implement internal controls processes for, the acquired assets or companies. See also “If we fail to remediate our current system of internal
controls to an effective level, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, our business could be harmed and current and potential investors could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which
could have a negative effect on the trading price of our debt and equity securities.” 

If we fail to manage our exposure to worldwide financial and
securities markets successfully, our operating results and financial statements could be materially impacted. 

We are exposed to
financial market risks, including changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and prices of marketable equity and fixed-income securities. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. The primary
objective of most of our investment activities is to preserve principal while at the same time maximizing yields without significantly increasing risk. To achieve this objective, a majority of our marketable investments are investment grade, liquid,
short-term fixed-income securities and money market instruments denominated in U.S. dollars. A substantial portion of our net revenue, expense and capital purchasing activities are transacted in U.S. dollars. However, some of these activities are
conducted in other currencies, primarily Canadian, European and Asian currencies. To protect against reductions in value and the volatility of future cash flows caused by changes in foreign exchange rates, we may enter into foreign currency forward
contracts or other hedging instruments. The contracts and other hedging instruments are intended to reduce, but not eliminate, the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements. Unhedged currency exposures may fluctuate in value and produce
significant earnings and cash flow volatility. 

As of June 30, 2006, we held investments in other public and private companies and had
limited funds invested in private venture funds. Such investments represented approximately $10.8 million on our consolidated balance sheet at June 30, 2006. In addition to our investments in public companies, we have in the past made, and
expect to continue to make, investments in privately held companies as well as venture capital investments for strategic and commercial purposes. In recent quarters some of the private companies in which we held investments have ceased doing
business and have either liquidated or are in bankruptcy proceedings. If the carrying value of our investments exceeds the fair value, and the decline in fair value is deemed to be other-than-temporary, we will be required to further write down the
value of our investments, which could materially harm our results of operations or financial condition. 

We may be subject to environmental liabilities
which could increase our expenses and harm our operating results. 

We are subject to various federal, state and foreign laws and
regulations governing the environment, including those governing pollution and protection of human health and the environment and, recently, those restricting the presence of certain substances in electronic products and holding producers of those
products financially responsible for the collection, treatment, recycling and disposal of certain products. Such laws and regulations have been passed in several jurisdictions in which we operate. Laws governing the environmental effects of
electronic products have been passed in several European Union member countries, and similar laws are now pending in various jurisdictions within the United States. The European Union has enacted the Restriction of the Use of Certain Hazardous
Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment, or RoHS, and the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment, or WEEE, directives. The RoHS directive prohibits the use of certain substances, including lead, mercury, cadmium and chromium, in covered
products placed on the market after July 1, 2006. The WEEE directive obligates 

32 

Table of Contents

parties that place electrical and electronic equipment onto the market in the European Union to clearly mark the equipment, register with and report to
European Union regulators regarding distribution of the equipment, and provide a mechanism to recall and properly dispose of the equipment. Each European Union member country has enacted, or is expected to soon enact, legislation clarifying what is
and what is not covered by the WEEE directive in that country. However, there is still some uncertainty in certain European Union countries as to which party involved in the manufacture, distribution and sale of electronic equipment will be
ultimately held responsible. If we are deemed to be a manufacturer of covered products, we may be required to register as a producer in certain European Union countries, and incur financial responsibility with respect to products sold within the
European Union, including products of other manufacturers that have been replaced by our products. We may also incur substantial costs to change our manufacturing processes, redesign or reformulate, and obtain substitute components for, our products
that are deemed covered products under the RoHS directive. We may also incur significant inventory write-downs if certain components held in inventory become unusable because they are not RoHS-compliant. If we fail to timely provide RoHS-compliant
products, we will not be able to offer our products within European Union, and we may be subject to civil or criminal liabilities. 

Similar
legislation has been and may be enacted in other locations where we manufacture or sell our products. We will need to ensure that we comply with such laws and regulations as they are enacted, as well as all environmental laws and regulations, and as
appropriate or required, that our component suppliers also timely comply with such laws and regulations. If we fail to timely comply with such laws, we could face sanctions for such noncompliance, and our customers further may refuse to purchase our
products, which would have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

With respect to
compliance with environmental laws and regulations in general, we have incurred and in the future could incur substantial costs for the cleanup of contaminated properties, either those we own or operate or to which we have sent wastes in the past,
or to comply with such environmental laws and regulations; further, we could be subject to disruptions to our operations and logistics as a result of such clean-up or compliance obligations. In addition, if we were found to be in violation of these
laws, we could be subject to governmental fines and liability for damages resulting from such violations. If we have to make significant capital expenditures to comply with environmental laws, or if we are subject to significant expenditures in
connection with a violation of these laws, our financial condition or operating results could be adversely impacted. 

We are exposed to risks related to
our indemnification of third parties. 

From time to time, in the normal course of business, we indemnify third parties with whom we
enter into contractual relationships. These contracts primarily relate to divestiture agreements, under which we may provide customary indemnifications to purchasers of our businesses or assets, certain real estate leases, under which we may be
required to indemnify property owners, and certain agreements with our officers, directors and employees. We have agreed, under certain conditions, to hold these third parties harmless against specified losses, such as those arising from a breach of
representations or covenants, third party claims that our products when used for their intended purposes infringe the intellectual property rights of others, environmental and other liabilities, claims arising from our use of our leased premises our
or directors, officers and employees’ service with us. If such third parties become involved in legal disputes in which they contend that we allegedly have indemnification obligations, we may be subject to potential liability. It is not
possible to determine the maximum potential amount of liability under any indemnification obligations, whether or not asserted, due to our limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances that are likely to be
involved in each particular claim. Historically, payments made by us under these obligations have not been material. 

We sold $475 million of senior
convertible notes in 2003 and $425 million of senior convertible notes in 2006, which may cause our reported earnings per share to be more volatile because of the conversion contingency features of these notes. 

We issued $475 million of indebtedness in October 2003 and $425 million of indebtedness in May and June, 2006 in the form of senior convertible notes. The
issuance of these notes substantially increased our principal payment obligations and we may not have enough cash to repay the notes when due. The degree to which we are leveraged could materially and adversely affect our ability to successfully
obtain financing for working capital, acquisitions or other purposes and could make us more vulnerable to industry downturns and competitive pressures. In addition, the holders of those notes are entitled to convert those notes into shares of our
common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock under certain circumstances which would cause dilution to our existing stockholders and lower our reported per share earnings. 

33 

Table of Contents

Our rights plan and our ability to issue additional preferred stock could harm the rights of our common stockholders.

In February 2003, we amended and restated our Stockholder Rights Agreement and currently each share of our outstanding common stock is
associated with one right. Each right entitles stockholders to purchase 1/100,000 share of our Series B Preferred Stock at an exercise price of $21.00. 

The rights only become exercisable in certain limited circumstances following the tenth day after a person or group announces acquisition of or tender offers for 15% or more of our common stock. For a limited period
of time following the announcement of any such acquisition or offer, the rights are redeemable by us at a price of $0.01 per right. If the rights are not redeemed, each right will then entitle the holder to purchase common stock having the value of
twice the then-current exercise price. For a limited period of time after the exercisability of the rights, each right, at the discretion of our Board of Directors, may be exchanged for either 1/100,000 share of Series B Preferred Stock or one share
of common stock per right. The rights expire on June 22, 2013. 

Our Board of Directors has the authority to issue up to 499,999 shares
of undesignated preferred stock and to determine the powers, preferences and rights and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions granted to or imposed upon any wholly unissued shares of undesignated preferred stock and to fix the number of
shares constituting any series and the designation of such series, without the consent of our stockholders. The preferred stock could be issued with voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to those of the holders of common stock.

The issuance of Series B Preferred Stock or any preferred stock subsequently issued by our Board of Directors, under some circumstances,
could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control. 

Some provisions contained in the rights plan, and in the
equivalent rights plan that our subsidiary, JDS Uniphase Canada Ltd., has adopted with respect to our exchangeable shares, may have the effect of discouraging a third party from making an acquisition proposal for us and may thereby inhibit a change
in control. For example, such provisions may deter tender offers for shares of common stock or exchangeable shares, which offers may be attractive to stockholders, or deter purchases of large blocks of common stock or exchangeable shares, thereby
limiting the opportunity for stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of common stock or exchangeable shares over the then-prevailing market prices. 

Some anti-takeover provisions contained in our charter and under Delaware laws could hinder a takeover attempt. 

We are
subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law prohibiting, under some circumstances, publicly-held Delaware corporations from engaging in business combinations with some stockholders for a specified period of
time without the approval of the holders of substantially all of our outstanding voting stock. Such provisions could delay or impede the removal of incumbent directors and could make more difficult a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving
us, even if such events could be beneficial, in the short-term, to the interests of the stockholders. In addition, such provisions could limit the price that some investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. Our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions relating to the limitations of liability and indemnification of our directors and officers, dividing our board of directors into three classes of directors serving three-year terms and
providing that our stockholders can take action only at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders. These provisions also may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control or management of us.