We have a history of net losses, and our future profitability is not assured. 

We incurred net losses of $26.3 million, $151.2 million, and $261.3 million in fiscal years 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Factors that may
undermine our ability to grow revenues or to achieve future profitability include, among others: 

•

 uncertain future telecom carrier and cable operator capital and R&D spending levels, which particularly affects our Optical Communications and Communications
Test and Measurement segments; 

•

 fluctuations in demand for, and sales of, our products; 

21 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

•

 adverse changes to our product mix, both fundamentally (resulting from new product transitions, the declining profitability of certain legacy products and the
termination of certain formerly higher margin products, among other things) and due to quarterly demand fluctuations; 

•

 adverse charges associated with underutilization of our manufacturing capacities; 

•

 intense pricing pressure across our product lines (due to competitive forces, increasingly from Asia, and to a highly concentrated customer base for many of our
product lines), which continues to offset many of the cost improvements we are realizing quarter over quarter; 

•

 availability and cost of components for our products; 

•

 increasing commoditization of previously differentiated products, principally in the optical communications markets, and the attendant negative effect on average
selling prices and profit margins, particularly in our Optical Communications segment; 

•

 continuing execution challenges, particularly in our optical communications and commercial laser product portfolio, which limit revenue opportunities and harm
profitability, market opportunities and customer relations; 

•

 restructuring charges, employee severance expenses and other costs associated with asset divestitures, facility consolidations, product transfers, product
terminations and other actions associated with our continuing restructuring activities; 

•

 revenue declines associated with terminated or divested product lines; 

•

 continuing redundant costs related to transitioning of manufacturing to low cost locations; 

•

 continuing high levels of selling, general and administrative, (“SG&A”) expenses; and 

•

 seasonal fluctuations in revenue from our Communications Test and Measurement segment. 

Taken together, these factors limit our ability to predict future profitability levels. While some of these factors may diminish over time as we improve
our cost structure and focus on enhancing our product mix, several factors, such as continuous pricing pressure, increasing Asia-based competition, increasing commoditization of previously-differentiated products, a highly concentrated customer base
for many of our product lines and seasonal Communications Test and Measurement segment revenue fluctuations, are likely to remain endemic to our businesses. If we fail to achieve profitability expectations, the price of our debt and equity
securities, as well as our business and financial condition, may be adversely impacted. 

If information networks do not continue to expand as expected,
or if industry consolidation continues, our business will be adversely impacted. 

Our future success as a manufacturer of optical
components, modules and subsystems, and communications test and measurement products ultimately depends on the continued growth of the communications industry and, in particular, the continued expansion of global information networks. As part of
that growth, we are relying on increasing demand for high-content voice, video, text and other data delivered over high-speed connections (i.e., high bandwidth communications). As network usage and bandwidth demand increase, so does the need for
advanced networks to provide the required bandwidth and for advanced instruments and equipment to facilitate the installation, maintenance and operation of these networks. Without network and bandwidth growth, the need for our products, and hence
our future growth as a manufacturer of these products, is jeopardized. Currently, while increasing demand for network services and for broadband access, in particular, is apparent, growth is limited by several factors including, among others, an
uncertain regulatory environment, reluctance from content providers to supply video and audio content over the communications infrastructure, and uncertainty regarding long-term sustainable business models as multiple industries (cable, traditional
telecommunications, wireless, satellite, etc.) offer non-complementary and competing content delivery solutions. More broadly, current consolidation trends among communications service providers and network equipment manufacturers could cause
temporary or permanent delays in network expansion, which in the short term limits our demand visibility, and in the longer term could reduce our business potential. Ultimately, should long-term expectations for network growth and bandwidth demand
not be realized or not support sustainable business models, our customers and our business would be significantly harmed. 

22 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

We believe that we will continue to rely upon a limited number of customers for a significant portion of
our revenues for each period for the foreseeable future and any failure by us to capture a significant share of these customers could materially harm our business. Dependence on a limited number of customers exposes us to the risk that order
reductions from any one customer can have a material adverse effect on periodic revenue. We believe that the telecommunications industry has entered a period of consolidation. To the extent that our direct communications equipment manufacturer
customer base and their customer base, the service providers, consolidates, we will have increased dependence on fewer customers who may be able to exert increased pressure on our prices and contractual terms in general. Customer consolidation
activity and manufacturing and inventory initiatives could also create the potential for pauses in customer demand for our products as a consequence of their new decision frameworks and periods of operational streamlining. In particular,
Optical Communications customer supply chain and inventory rationalization initiatives are limiting our demand visibility and could limit our short term business potential. 

Our Communications Test and Measurement Segment is particularly vulnerable to seasonal variations in our business. 

The majority of the products in our Communications Test and Measurement segment are subject to significant seasonal fluctuations in demand. Reasons for this seasonal variation include, among other things, the
customary capital equipment and research and development buying patterns of the telecommunications carriers and cable service providers, which are the most significant customers for these products. As a consequence, we expect seasonal demand
fluctuations to cause significant, periodic variations in our financial results for this reportable segment. Moreover, our overall financial results will be adversely impacted by these seasonal fluctuations to the extent that financial results from
our other reportable segments do not offset the declines in our Communications Test and Measurement segment. 

Without stability and growth in our
non-communications businesses our margins and profitability may be adversely impacted. 

The Advanced Optical Technologies segment and
Commercial Lasers business unit represents a material, although varying, portion of our total net revenue. Gross margins associated with products in these segments often exceed those from products in the Optical Communications segment. While we
believe that actions we have taken in recent years (including, among other things, divestitures and end of life programs associated with certain optics and display products within this segment) have significantly reduced the financial risk, revenue
declines associated with Advanced Optical Technologies have had, and may in the future continue to have, a disproportionate impact on total company profitability measures in any quarter. Accordingly, our strategy emphasizes the growth opportunities
in all of our reported segments, as we seek to expand our markets and customer base, improve the profitability of our product portfolio and improve time to revenue. Therefore, we are engaged in exploring new investments, strategic partnerships and
product opportunities in our Advanced Optical Technologies and Commercial Lasers businesses. Contractions in these markets or our failure to execute programs related to such investments, partnerships and opportunities may significantly harm our
business. 

Actions to improve our cost structure are costly and risky and the timing and extent of expected benefits is uncertain. 

In response to our profitability concerns we are working vigorously to reduce our cost structure. We have taken, and expect to continue to take,
significant actions (including site closures, product transfers, asset divestitures and product terminations) in furtherance of this goal. In this regard, during recent years we have initiated several major cost reduction initiatives. These
initiatives include the transfer of manufacturing of certain of our products to contract manufacturing partners and our Shenzhen, China, facilities, site consolidations and divestitures, product line and operations divestitures, end of life programs
and significant headcount reductions. We expect to continue to take additional, similar actions for the foreseeable future opportunistically. We cannot be certain that these programs will be successful or completed as and when anticipated. These
programs are costly, and we have incurred, and will continue to incur, expenses to complete them. In addition, these programs are risky, as they are time-consuming and disruptive to our operations, employees, customers and suppliers, with no
guarantee that the expected results (particularly cost savings and profitability expectations) will be achieved as and when projected or that the costs to complete these programs will not increase above expected levels. Cost savings achieved through
these programs may not be timely or sufficient enough to offset continuing pricing declines. 

23 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

If we incur more restructuring-related charges than currently anticipated, our consolidated financial condition and
results of operations may be adversely impacted. 

Since April 2001, we initiated the Global Realignment Program, or GRP, we have been
restructuring our business in response to the economic downturn in our markets. In fiscal year 2007, we recorded total related restructuring charges of $14.7 million. These charges, have adversely affected, and will continue to adversely affect, our
results of operations and cash flows for the periods in which such charges have been, or will be, incurred. In the future, we may incur additional charges or write-offs in connection with restructuring initiatives. 

We have continuing concerns regarding the manufacture, quality and distribution of our products. These concerns are heightened with new product offerings and when
overall demand increases. 

Our success depends upon our ability to deliver both our current product offerings and new products and
technologies on time and at acceptable cost to our customers. As a technology company, we constantly encounter quality, volume and cost concerns. The following factors are potential contributors to our concerns: 

•

 our continuing cost reduction programs, which include site consolidations, asset divestitures, product transfers (internally and to contract manufacturers) and
employee reductions, require the re-establishment and re-qualification by our customers of complex manufacturing lines, as well as modifications to systems, planning and operational infrastructure. During this process, we have experienced, and
continue to experience additional costs, delays in re-establishing volume production levels, planning difficulties, inventory issues, factory absorption concerns, and systems integration problems; 

•

 increases in demand for certain of our products, in the midst of our cost reduction programs, are straining our execution abilities as well as those of our
suppliers, as we are experiencing periodic and varying capacity, workforce and materials constraints, enhanced by the impact of our ongoing product and operational transfers; 

•

 variability of manufacturing yields caused by difficulties in the manufacturing process, the effects from a shift in product mix, changes in product specifications
and the introduction of new product lines. These difficulties can reduce yields or disrupt production and thereby increase our manufacturing costs and adversely affect our margin; 

•

 possible delays in the qualification process for the manufacturing lines for certain of our products. Each new and relocated manufacturing line must undergo
rigorous qualification testing with our customers, and if we experience delays in qualification, our operating results and customer relationships would be harmed; 

•

 the possibility of incurring significant costs to correct defective products (despite rigorous testing for quality both by our customers and by us), which could
include lost future sales of the affected product and other products, and potentially severe customer relations problems, litigation and damage to our reputation; 

•

 our dependence on a limited number of vendors for raw materials, packages and standard components, and as such our business and results of operations could be
adversely affected by a stoppage or delay of supply, substitution of more expensive or less reliable products, receipt of defective parts or contaminated materials, an increase in the price of such supplies, or our inability to obtain reduced
pricing from our suppliers in response to competitive pressures; and 

•

 new product programs and introductions, which due to their large-scale restricted field testing and lack of production manufacturers with their increased
complexity, expose us to yield and product risk internally and with our materials suppliers. 

These factors have caused
considerable strain on our execution capabilities and customer relations. Currently, we are (a) having periodic difficulty responding to customer delivery expectations for some of our products, (b) experiencing yield and quality problems,
particularly with some of our new products and higher volume products, and (c) expending additional funds and other resources to respond to these execution challenges. We are also, in the short-term, diverting resources from new product
research and development and other functions to assist with resolving these matters. If we do not improve our performance in all of these areas, our operating results will be harmed, the commercial viability of new products may be challenged and our
customers may choose to reduce their purchases of our products and purchase additional products from our competitors. 

24 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

The communications equipment industry has extremely long product development cycles requiring us to incur product
development costs without assurances of an acceptable investment return. 

The telecommunications industry is a capital-intensive
industry similar, in many respects, to any other infrastructure development industry. Large volumes of equipment and support structures are installed over vast areas, with considerable expenditures of funds and other resources, with long investment
return period expectations. Moreover, reliability requirements are intense. Consequently, there is significant resistance to network redesigns and upgrades. Redesigns and upgrades of installed systems are undertaken only as required in response to
user demand and competitive pressures and generally only after the applicable carrier has received sufficient return on its major investment. At the component supplier level this creates considerable, typically multi-year, gaps between the
commencement of new product development and volume purchases. Accordingly, we and our competitors often incur significant research and development and sales and marketing costs for products that, at the earliest, will be purchased by our customers
long after much of the cost is incurred and, in some cases, may never be purchased due to changes in industry or customer requirements in the interim. 

Our business and financial condition could be harmed by our long-term growth strategy. 

We have made, and expect in the
future to make, significant investments to enable our future growth through, among other things, internal expansion programs, product development, acquisitions and other strategic initiatives. We may continue to grow our business through business
combinations or other acquisitions of businesses, products or technologies. We continually evaluate and explore strategic opportunities as they arise, including business combinations, strategic partnerships, capital investments and the purchase,
licensing or sale of assets. Acquisitions typically entail many risks (see “Risks in acquisitions”). If we fail to manage or anticipate our future growth effectively, particularly during periods of industry uncertainty, our business will
be adversely impacted. Through our cost reductions measures we are balancing the need to consolidate our operations with the need to preserve our ability to grow and scale our operations as our markets stabilize and recover. If we fail to achieve
this balance, our business will be adversely impacted to the extent our resources and operations are insufficient to support growth. 

One of our
products is dependent upon a single customer for a majority of sales. 

We have a
strategic alliance with SICPA, our principal customer for our light interference microflakes that are used to, among other things, provide security features in currency. Under a license and supply agreement, we rely exclusively on SICPA to market
and sell one of these product lines, Optically Variable Pigment (OVP®
), for document authentication applications worldwide. The agreement requires SICPA to purchase minimum quantities of
these pigments over the term of the agreement. If SICPA fails to purchase these quantities, as and when required by the agreement, for any reason, our business and operating results (including, among other things, our revenue and gross margin) will
be harmed, at least in the short-term. In the long-term, we may be unable to find a substitute marketing and sales partner or develop these capabilities ourselves. 

We depend on a limited number of vendors. 

We depend on a limited number of contract manufacturers, subcontractors, and
suppliers for raw materials, packages and standard components. Some of our products rely on single-source suppliers for critical materials. These products include several of our advanced components, modules and subsystem products across our
business. We generally purchase these single or limited source products through standard purchase orders or one-year supply agreements, and we have no long-term guaranteed supply agreements with such suppliers. In addition, many of our important
suppliers are small companies facing financial stability, quality, yield, scale or delivery concerns. Some of these companies may be acquired, undergo material reorganizations or become insolvent. Others are larger companies with limited dependency
upon our business, resulting in unfavorable pricing, quantity or delivery terms. The recent signs of market stability in our business have exacerbated these concerns as we increase our purchasing to meet our customers’ demands. While we are
currently undertaking programs to ensure the long-term strength of our supply chain, we are experiencing and expect to continue to experience, strain on our supply chain and periodic supplier problems. Our business and results of operations could be
adversely affected by a stoppage or delay of supply, substitution of more expensive or less reliable products, receipt of defective parts or contaminated materials, an increase in the price of such supplies, or our inability to obtain reduced
pricing from our suppliers in response to competitive pressures. In addition, these problems have affected, and will continue to affect, our ability to meet customer expectations. If we do not identify and implement long-term solutions to our supply
chain concerns, our customer relationships and business will be materially impacted. 

We generally use a rolling twelve month forecast
based on anticipated product orders, customer forecasts, product order history, warranty and service demand, and backlog to determine our material requirements. Lead times for the parts and 

25 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

components that we order vary significantly and depend on factors such as the specific supplier, contract terms and demand for a component at a given time.
If actual orders do not match our forecasts, we may have excess or shortfalls of some materials and components as well as excess inventory purchase commitments. We could experience reduced or delayed product shipments or incur additional inventory
write-downs and cancellation charges or penalties, which would increase costs and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 

Risks in acquisitions. 

Our growth is dependent upon market growth, our ability to enhance our
existing products and the introduction of new products on a timely basis. We have and will continue to address the need to develop new products through acquisitions of other companies and technologies. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including
the following: 

•

 difficulties in integrating the operations, technologies, products and personnel of the acquired businesses; 

•

 inadequate internal control procedures and disclosure controls to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or poor
integration of a target company’s or businesses’ procedures and controls; 

•

 diversion of management’s attention from normal daily operations of the business; 

•

 potential difficulties in completing projects associated with in-process research and development; 

•

 difficulties in entering markets in which we have no or limited direct prior experience and where competitors in such markets have stronger market positions;

•

 insufficient net revenue to offset increased expenses associated with acquisitions; 

•

 potential loss of key employees of the acquired companies; and 

•

 difficulty in forecasting revenues and margins. 

Acquisitions may also cause us to: 

•

 issue common stock that would dilute our current shareholders’ percentage ownership; 

•

 assume liabilities, some of which may be unknown at the time of such acquisitions; 

•

 record goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets that will be subject to impairment testing and potential periodic impairment charges;

•

 incur amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets; 

•

 incur large and immediate write-offs of in-process research and development costs; or 

•

 become subject to litigation. 

Mergers and acquisitions of high-technology companies inherently entail risk, and no assurance can be given that our previous or future acquisitions will be successful or will not adversely affect our business, operating results, or
financial condition. We are currently devoting substantial resources to the integration of our recent acquisitions, which among other things, requires significant investment in IT systems and infrastructure. Failure to manage and successfully
integrate acquisitions could harm our business and operating results in a material way. Even when an acquired company has already developed and marketed products, there can be no assurance that product enhancements will be made in a timely fashion
or that all pre-acquisition due diligence will have identified all possible issues that might arise with respect to such products. 

Expenses relating to acquired in-process research and development costs are charged in the period in which an acquisition is completed. These charges may occur in future acquisitions resulting in variability in our quarterly earnings.

26 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

If we fail to attract and retain key personnel, our business could be adversely impacted. 

Our future depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain key personnel. We may not be able to hire and retain such personnel at compensation
levels consistent with our existing compensation and salary structure. Our future also depends on the continued contributions of our executive management team and other key management and technical personnel, each of whom would be difficult to
replace. The loss of service from these or other executive officers or key personnel or the inability to continue to attract qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business. Retention of key talent is an increasing concern
as we continue to implement cost improvement programs, including product transfers and site reductions, and as we continue to address our profitability concerns. 

Similar to other technology companies, particularly those located in Silicon Valley, we rely upon our ability to use stock options and other forms of stock-based compensation as key components of our executive and
employee compensation structure. Historically, these components have been critical to our ability to retain important personnel and offer competitive compensation packages. Without these components, we would be required to significantly increase
cash compensation levels (or develop alternative compensation structures) in order to retain our key employees. 

If we fail to attract and retain key
finance personnel, our ability to maintain internal control over financial reporting may be impaired. 

Our key financial positions are
currently staffed. Should we experience turnover or should the demands on our current resources increase due to an increase in the number of complex, non-routine transactions, our internal control over financial reporting could be adversely
impacted. This could result in material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Certain of our non-communications related
products are subject to governmental and industry regulations, certifications and approvals. 

The commercialization of certain of the
products we design, manufacture and distribute through our Advanced Optical Technologies segment and Commercial Lasers business unit may be more costly due to required government approval and industry acceptance processes. Development of
applications for our light interference and diffractive microflakes may require significant testing that could delay our sales. For example, certain uses in cosmetics may be regulated by the Food and Drug Administration, which has extensive and
lengthy approval processes. Durability testing by the automobile industry of our decorative microflakes used with automotive paints can take up to three years. If we change a product for any reason, including technological changes or changes in the
manufacturing process, prior approvals or certifications may be invalid and we may need to go through the approval process again. If we are unable to obtain these or other government or industry certifications in a timely manner, or at all, our
operating results could be adversely affected. 

We face risks related to our international operations and revenue. 

Our customers are located throughout the world. In addition, we have significant offshore operations, including product development, manufacturing, sales
and customer support operations. Our operations outside North America include product development and manufacturing facilities in Europe and Asia and service, sales and support offices worldwide. 

Our international presence exposes us to certain risks, including the following: 

•

 Our ability to comply with customs, import/export and other trade compliance regulations of the countries in which we do business, together with any unexpected
changes in such regulations; 

•

 difficulties in establishing and enforcing our intellectual property rights; 

•

 tariffs and other trade barriers; 

•

 political, legal and economic instability in foreign markets, particularly in those markets in which we maintain manufacturing and product development facilities;

•

 difficulties in staffing and management; 

27 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

•

 language and cultural barriers; 

•

 seasonal reductions in business activities in the countries where our international customers are located; 

•

 integration of foreign operations; 

•

 longer payment cycles; 

•

 greater difficulty in accounts receivable collection; 

•

 difficulties in management of foreign distributors; 

•

 currency fluctuations; and 

•

 potential adverse tax consequences. 

Net revenue from customers outside the Americas accounted for 45%, 39% and 34% of our total net revenue for fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. We expect that net revenue from customers outside North America will continue to account
for a significant portion of our total net revenue. Lower sales levels that typically occur during the summer months in Europe and some other overseas markets may materially and adversely affect our business. In addition, the revenues we derive from
many of our customers depend on international sales and consequently further expose us to the risks associated with such international sales. 

The international dimensions of our operations and sales subject us to a myriad of domestic and foreign trade regulatory requirements. As part of our ongoing integration program, we are evaluating our current trade compliance practices and
implementing improvements where necessary. Among other things, we are auditing our product export classification and customs procedures and are installing trade information and compliance systems using our global enterprise software platforms.
We do not currently expect the costs of such evaluation or the implementation of any resulting improvements to have a material adverse effect on our operating results or business. However, our evaluation and related implementation are not yet
complete and, accordingly, the costs could be greater than expected, and such costs and the legal consequences of any failure to comply with applicable regulations could affect our business and operating results. 

Changes in our effective tax rate or adverse outcomes resulting from tax audits may have an adverse impact our results. 

As an international corporation, we are subject to taxation in the various jurisdictions in which we conduct business. Significant judgment is required in
the determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and this determination requires the interpretation and application of complex and sometimes uncertain tax laws and regulations. Our effective tax rate may be adversely impacted by changes
in the mix of earnings between countries which have different statutory tax rates, in the valuation of our deferred tax assets, and by changes in tax rules and regulations. We are subject to income tax audits in the respective jurisdictions in which
we conduct business and we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these tax audits to ascertain the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes of these tax audits will not have
an adverse impact on our results and financial condition. 

We are expanding operations in China, which exposes us to risks inherent in doing business in
China. 

As a result of our efforts to reduce costs, we have expanded our manufacturing operations in China. Looking ahead we expect to
expand our research and development activities in China. Our China-based activities are subject to greater political, legal and economic risks than those faced by our other operations. See “We face risks related to our international operations
and revenue.” These concerns will increase as we expand our activities in China to include product research and development, which may expose our critical technology to foreign misappropriation. In particular, the political, legal and economic
climate in China (both at national and regional levels) is extremely fluid and unpredictable. Our ability to operate in China may be adversely affected by changes in Chinese laws and regulations, such as those relating to taxation, import and export
tariffs, environmental regulations, land use rights, intellectual property and other matters, which laws and regulations remain highly underdeveloped and subject to change, with little or no prior notice, for political or other reasons. Moreover,
the enforceability of applicable existing Chinese laws and regulations is uncertain. These concerns are heightened for foreign businesses, such as ours, operating in China. In addition, we may not obtain the requisite legal permits to continue to
operate in China and costs or operational limitations may be imposed in connection with obtaining and complying with such permits. Our business could be materially harmed by any changes to the political, legal or economic climate in China or the
inability to enforce applicable Chinese laws and regulations. 

28 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Currently, we operate manufacturing facilities located in Shenzhen and Beijing, China. As part of our
efforts to reduce costs, we continue to increase the scope and extent of our manufacturing operations in our Shenzhen facilities. Accordingly, we expect that our ability to operate successfully in China will become increasingly important to our
overall success. As we continue to consolidate our manufacturing operations, we will incur additional costs to transfer product lines to our facilities located in China, including costs of qualification testing with our customers, which could have a
material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition. Also see “If our customers do not qualify our manufacturing lines for volume shipments, our operating results could be adversely impacted.” 

As a result of a government order to ration power for industrial use, operations in our Shenzhen facilities may be subject to possible interruptions or
shutdowns. Our ability to complete manufacturing commitments on a timely basis may be adversely affected. If we are required to make significant investments in generating capacity to sustain uninterrupted operations at our Shenzhen facilities, we
may not realize the reductions in costs anticipated from our expansion in China. In addition, future outbreaks of avian influenza, or other communicable diseases, could result in quarantines or closures of our Beijing and Shenzhen facilities,
thereby disrupting our operations and expansion in China. 

We intend to export the majority of the products manufactured at our facilities
in China. Previously, upon application to and approval by the relevant governmental authorities, we were not subject to certain Chinese taxes and were exempt from customs duty assessment on imported components or materials when the finished products
were exported from China. We are, however, required to pay income taxes in China, subject to certain tax relief. As the Chinese income tax law and trade regulations are in a state of flux, we may become subject to other forms of taxation and duty
assessments in China or may be required to pay for export license fees in the future. In the event that we become subject to any increased taxes or new forms of taxation imposed by authorities in China, our results of operations could be materially
and adversely affected. 

Managing our inventory is complex and may include write-downs of excess or obsolete inventory. 

Managing our inventory of components and finished products is a complex task. A number of factors, including the need to maintain a significant inventory
of certain components that are in short supply or that must be purchased in bulk to obtain favorable pricing or require long lead times, may result in our maintaining large amounts of inventory. In addition, we base many of our operating decisions,
and enter into purchase commitments, on the basis of anticipated revenue trends which are highly unpredictable. Inventory which is not used or expected to be used as and when planned may become excess or obsolete. Any excess or obsolete inventory
could also result in sales price reductions and/or inventory write-downs, which historically have adversely affected our business and results of operations. 

Our business and operations would be adversely impacted in the event of a failure of our information technology infrastructure. 

We rely upon the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology hardware and software infrastructure and our ability to expand and update this infrastructure in response to our changing needs. We are constantly updating
our information technology infrastructure. For example, we have entered into an agreement with Oracle to provide and maintain our global ERP infrastructure on an outsourced basis. Any failure to manage, expand and update our information technology
infrastructure or any failure in the operation of this infrastructure could harm our business. 

Our acquisition of Acterna created
additional burden and risk. The integration of Acterna is of particular concern to our information technology infrastructure due to Acterna’s size and complexity. Converting Acterna’s business processes, data and applications to our
standards continues to be a complex and time-consuming task. During this transition period, we are exposed to the risks associated with incompatible and complex reporting systems. 

Despite our implementation of security measures, our systems are vulnerable to damages from computer viruses, natural disasters, unauthorized access and
other similar disruptions. Any system failure, accident or security breach could result in disruptions to our operations. To the extent that any disruptions or security breach results in a loss or damage to our data, or in inappropriate disclosure
of confidential information, it could harm our business. In addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future. 

29 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

We recently remediated certain material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. Failure to maintain
effective internal controls may adversely affect our stock price. 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable
financial reports and to effectively prevent fraud. The SEC, as directed by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, adopted rules requiring public companies to include a report by management on the effectiveness of the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting in their annual reports on Form 10-K. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm must attest to and report on management’s assessment of the effectiveness of the internal control
over financial reporting. The Company has in prior periods identified certain material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting. However, we believe the Company remediated those past material weaknesses, and we have not identified
any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2007. Although we review our internal control over financial reporting in order to ensure compliance with the Section 404
requirements, if our independent registered public accounting firm is not satisfied with our internal control over financial reporting or the level at which these controls are documented, designed, operated or reviewed, or if our independent
registered public accounting firm interprets the requirements, rules and/or regulations differently from our interpretation, then they may decline to attest to management’s assessment or may issue a report that is qualified. This could result
in an adverse reaction in the financial marketplace due to a loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which ultimately could negatively impact our stock price. 

If we fail to timely file with the trustee of our Zero Coupon Senior Convertible Notes or our 1% Senior Convertible Notes certain information, documents and reports
required to be filed by us with the SEC, such notes could become due and payable immediately. As a result, our liquidity position could be adversely impacted or we may not have enough cash to pay the note holders, which would harm our business and
the trading price of our debt and equity securities. 

Under the terms of both of the indentures governing our senior convertible notes,
we must comply with certain covenants, agreements and conditions, including filing with the trustee certain information, documents and reports required to be filed by us with the SEC. Certain failures to comply with the filing of such reports with
the trustee would constitute a default. Upon such a default, the trustee or holders of 25% of the outstanding principal of either series of notes have the option to send us a notice of default, demanding that such default be cured within 60 days. If
we receive such a notice of default, we will be required to cure such default within 60 days or obtain a waiver from holders of a majority of the outstanding principal balance of each series of notes. If we cannot cure such default within 60 days or
obtain a waiver, the notes could be accelerated. This could severely impact our liquidity position or, under certain circumstances, we may not have enough cash to pay the note holders, which would harm our business and the trading price of debt and
equity securities. 

Changes in the accounting treatment of our 1% convertible debt instruments could decrease our net income and earnings per share
amounts. 

New or different accounting pronouncements or regulatory rulings may emerge which could impact the way we are required to
account for our convertible debt instruments that would have an adverse impact on our results of operations and earnings per share amount. With respect to our 1% Senior Convertible Notes, we are required under U.S. GAAP as presently in effect to
include in outstanding shares for purposes of computing earnings per share only a number of shares underlying the convertible notes that, at the end of a given quarter, have a value in excess of the outstanding principal amount of the convertible
notes. This is because of the “net share settlement” feature of the convertible notes, under which we are required to pay the principal amount of the convertible notes in cash. The accounting method for net share settled convertible
securities is currently under consideration by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”). At its meeting on July 25, 2007, FASB approved the preparation of a FASB staff position (“FSP”) adopting a new method of
accounting for net share settled convertible debt instruments under which the debt and equity components of the instrument would be bifurcated and accounted for separately. The change, if enacted, is expected to take effect for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2007. An exposure draft of the FSP is expected to be released for public comment shortly. If the proposed position is adopted by FASB, it would increase the interest expense reported on our statement of operations
and, consequently, reduce our net income and earnings per share amounts. 

If we have insufficient proprietary rights or if we fail to protect those we
have, our business would be materially harmed. 

Our intellectual property rights may not be adequate to protect our products or
product roadmaps. 

We seek to protect our products and our product roadmaps in part by developing and/or securing proprietary rights
relating to those products, including patents, trade secrets, know-how and continuing technological innovation. The steps taken by us to protect our intellectual property may not adequately prevent misappropriation or ensure that others will not
develop competitive 

30 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

technologies or products. Other companies may be investigating or developing other technologies that are similar to our own. It is possible that patents may
not be issued from any application pending or filed by us and, if patents do issue, the claims allowed may not be sufficiently broad to deter or prohibit others from making, using or selling similar products. We do not own patents in every country
in which we sell or distribute our products, and thus others may be able to offer identical products in countries in which we do not have intellectual property protection. In addition, the laws of some territories in which our products are or may be
developed, manufactured or sold, including Europe, Asia-Pacific or Latin America, may not protect our products and intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. 

Any patents issued to us may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, and recent Supreme Court precedent may make it easier to invalidate some of our
patents than in the past. Additionally, we are currently a licensee in all of our operating segments for a number of third-party technologies, software and intellectual property rights from academic institutions, our competitors and others, and are
required to pay royalties to these licensors for the use thereof. Unless we are able to obtain such licenses on commercially reasonable terms, patents or other intellectual property held by others could inhibit our development of new products,
impede the sale of some of our current products, substantially increase the cost to provide these products to our customers, and could have a significant adverse impact on our operating results. In the past, licenses generally have been available to
us where third-party technology was necessary or useful for the development or production of our products. In the future licenses to third-party technology may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 

Our products may be subject to claims that they infringe the intellectual property rights of others. 

Lawsuits and allegations of patent infringement and violation of other intellectual property rights occur in our industry on a regular basis. We have
received in the past, and anticipate that we will receive in the future, notices from third parties claiming that our products infringe third-party proprietary rights. Over the past few years there has been a marked increase in the number and
potential severity of third party patent infringement claims, primarily from two distinct sources. First, large technology companies, including some of our customers and competitors, are seeking to monetize their patent portfolios and have developed
large internal organizations that have approached us with demands to enter license agreements. Second, numerous patent-holding companies, entities that do not make or sell products (often referred to as “patent trolls”), have claimed that
our products infringe upon their proprietary rights.In addition, our markets are extremely competitive and we expect to experience intellectual property infringement disputes with our competitors from time to time. We will continue to respond to
these claims in the course of our business operations. In the past, the settlement and disposition of these disputes has not had a material adverse impact on our business or financial condition, however this may not be the case in the future.
Further, the litigation or settlement of these matters, regardless of the merit of the claims, could result in significant expense to us and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel, whether or not we are successful. If we are
unsuccessful, we could be required to expend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology or to obtain licenses to the technology that is the subject of the litigation. We may not be successful in such development, or such licenses may
not be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Without such a license, we could be enjoined from future sales of the infringing product or products, which could adversely affect our revenues and operating results. 

The use of open source software in our products, as well as those of our suppliers, manufacturers and customers, may expose us to additional risks and
harm our intellectual property position. 

Certain of the software and/or firmware that we use and distribute (as well as that of
our suppliers, manufacturers and customers) may be, be derived from, or contain, so-called “open source” software that is generally made available to the public by its authors and/or other third parties. Such open source
software is often made available under licenses which impose obligations in the event the software or derivative works thereof are distributed or re-distributed. These obligations may require us to make source code for the derivative works available
to the public, and/or license such derivative works under a particular type of license, rather than the forms of license customarily used to protect our own software products. While we believe we have complied with our obligations under the
various applicable licenses for open source software, in the event that a court rules that these licenses are unenforceable, or in the event the copyright holder of any open source software were to successfully establish in court that we had not
complied with the terms of a license for a particular work, we could be required to release the source code of that work to the public and/or stop distribution of that work. Additionally, open source licenses are subject to occasional revision.
In the event future iterations of open source software are made available under a revised license, such license revisions may adversely affect our ability to use such future iterations.

31 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

We face certain litigation risks that could harm our business. 

We have had numerous lawsuits filed against us asserting various claims, including securities and ERISA class actions and stockholder derivative actions.
The results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict. Moreover, many of the complaints filed against us do not specify the amount of damages that plaintiffs seek, and we therefore are unable to estimate the possible range of damages
that might be incurred should these lawsuits be resolved against us. While we are unable to estimate the potential damages arising from such lawsuits, certain of them assert types of claims that, if resolved against us, could give rise to
substantial damages. Thus, an unfavorable outcome or settlement of one or more of these lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. In particular, the securities class actions
discussed in Item 3, “Legal Proceedings,” contained in Part I of this report, claim damages that exceed the total current assets of the Company and thus an unfavorable outcome or settlement of one or more of these securities class
action lawsuits could have a substantial material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Even if these lawsuits are not resolved against us, the uncertainty and expense associated with unresolved lawsuits
could seriously harm our business, financial condition and reputation. Litigation is costly, time-consuming and disruptive to normal business operations. The costs of defending these lawsuits, particularly the securities class actions and
stockholder derivative actions, have been significant, will continue to be costly and may not be covered by our insurance policies. The defense of these lawsuits could also result in continued diversion of our management’s time and attention
away from business operations, which could harm our business. For additional information regarding certain of the lawsuits in which we are involved, see Item 3, “Legal Proceedings,” contained in Part I of this report. 

If we fail to manage our exposure to worldwide financial and securities markets successfully, our operating results and financial statements could be materially
impacted. 

We are exposed to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and prices of
marketable equity and fixed-income securities. The primary objective of most of our investment activities is to preserve principal while at the same time maximizing yields without significantly increasing risk. To achieve this objective, a majority
of our marketable investments are investment grade, liquid, short-term fixed-income securities and money market instruments denominated in U.S. dollars. A substantial portion of our net revenue, expense and capital purchasing activities are
transacted in U.S. dollars. However, some of these activities are conducted in other currencies, primarily Canadian, European and Asian currencies. To protect against reductions in value and the volatility of future cash flows caused by changes in
foreign exchange rates, we may enter into foreign currency forward contracts or other hedging instruments. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. The contracts and other hedging instruments are intended
to reduce, but not eliminate, the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements. We do not hedge all of our foreign currency risk and have no plans to do so in the foreseeable future. Because we do not hedge all of our foreign currency
exposures and because there is no assurance that our foreign currency hedging activities will be successful, foreign currency gains and losses could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and cash flows. 

As of June 30, 2007, we held investments in other public and private companies and had limited funds invested in private venture funds. Such
investments represented approximately $3.3 million on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at June 30, 2007. In addition to our investments in public companies, we have in the past made, and expect to continue to make, investments in privately held
companies as well as venture capital investments for strategic and commercial purposes. In the past some of the private companies in which we held investments have ceased doing business and have either liquidated or have entered into bankruptcy
proceedings. If the carrying value of our investments exceeds the fair value, and the decline in fair value is deemed to be other-than-temporary, we will be required to further write down the value of our investments, which could materially harm our
results of operations or financial condition. 

32 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

We may be subject to environmental liabilities which could increase our expenses and harm our operating results. 

We are subject to various federal, state and foreign laws and regulations governing the environment, including those governing pollution
and protection of human health and the environment and, recently, those restricting the presence of certain substances in electronic products and holding producers of those products financially responsible for the collection, treatment, recycling
and disposal of certain products. Such laws and regulations have been passed in several jurisdictions in which we operate. Laws governing the environmental effects of electronic products have been passed in several European Union member countries,
and similar laws are now pending in various jurisdictions within the United States. The European Union has enacted the Restriction of the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment, or RoHS, and the Waste Electrical
and Electronic Equipment, or WEEE, directives. The RoHS directive prohibits the use of certain substances, including lead, mercury, cadmium and chromium, in covered products placed on the market after July 1, 2006. The WEEE directive obligates
parties that place electrical and electronic equipment onto the market in the European Union to clearly mark the equipment, register with and report to European Union regulators regarding distribution of the equipment, and provide a mechanism to
recall and properly dispose of the equipment. Each European Union member country has enacted, or is expected to soon enact, legislation clarifying what is and what is not covered by the WEEE directive in that country. However, there is still some
uncertainty in certain European Union countries as to which party involved in the manufacture, distribution and sale of electronic equipment will be ultimately held responsible. If we are deemed to be a manufacturer of covered products, we may be
required to register as a producer in certain European Union countries, and incur financial responsibility with respect to products sold within the European Union, including products of other manufacturers that have been replaced by our products. We
may also incur substantial costs to change our manufacturing processes, redesign or reformulate, and obtain substitute components for, our products that are deemed covered products under the RoHS directive. We may also incur significant inventory
write-downs if certain components held in inventory become unusable because they are not RoHS-compliant. If we fail to timely provide RoHS-compliant products, we will not be able to offer our products within European Union, and we may be subject to
civil or criminal liabilities. 

Similar legislation has been and may be enacted in other locations where we manufacture or sell our
products. We will need to ensure that we comply with such laws and regulations as they are enacted, as well as all environmental laws and regulations, and as appropriate or required, that our component suppliers also timely comply with such laws and
regulations. If we fail to timely comply with such laws, we could face sanctions for such noncompliance, and our customers further may refuse to purchase our products, which would have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

With respect to compliance with environmental laws and regulations in general, we have incurred and in the
future could incur substantial costs for the cleanup of contaminated properties, either those we own or operate or to which we have sent wastes in the past, or to comply with such environmental laws and regulations; further, we could be subject to
disruptions to our operations and logistics as a result of such clean-up or compliance obligations. In addition, if we were found to be in violation of these laws, we could be subject to governmental fines and liability for damages resulting from
such violations. If we have to make significant capital expenditures to comply with environmental laws, or if we are subject to significant expenditures in connection with a violation of these laws, our financial condition or operating results could
be adversely impacted. 

We are exposed to risks related to our indemnification of third parties. 

From time to time, in the normal course of business, we indemnify third parties with whom we enter into contractual relationships. These contracts
primarily relate to divestiture agreements, under which we may provide customary indemnifications to purchasers of our businesses or assets, certain real estate leases, under which we may be required to indemnify property owners, and certain
agreements with our officers, directors and employees. We have agreed, under certain conditions, to hold these third parties harmless against specified losses, such as those arising from a breach of representations or covenants, third party claims
that our products when used for their intended purposes infringe the intellectual property rights of others, environmental and other liabilities, claims arising from our use of our leased premises our or directors, officers and employees’
service with us. If such third parties become involved in legal disputes in which they contend that we allegedly have indemnification obligations, we may be subject to potential liability. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount
of liability under any indemnification obligations, whether or not asserted, due to our limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances that are likely to be involved in each particular claim. Historically,
payments made by us under these obligations have not been material. 

33 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

We sold $475 million of senior convertible notes in 2003 and $425 million of senior convertible notes in 2006, which
may cause our reported earnings per share to be more volatile because of the conversion contingency features of these notes. 

We issued
$475 million of indebtedness in October 2003 and $425 million of indebtedness in May and June, 2006 in the form of senior convertible notes. As of June 30, 2007, $808.0 million of these notes remained outstanding. The issuance of these notes
substantially increased our principal payment obligations and we may not have enough cash to repay the notes when due. The degree to which we are leveraged could materially and adversely affect our ability to successfully obtain financing for
working capital, acquisitions or other purposes and could make us more vulnerable to industry downturns and competitive pressures. In addition, the holders of those notes are entitled to convert those notes into shares of our common stock or a
combination of cash and shares of common stock under certain circumstances which would cause dilution to our existing stockholders and lower our reported per share earnings. 

Our rights plan and our ability to issue additional preferred stock could harm the rights of our common stockholders. 

In February 2003, we amended and restated our Stockholder Rights Agreement and currently each share of our outstanding common stock is associated with one right. Each right entitles stockholders to purchase 1/100,000
share of our Series B Preferred Stock at an exercise price of $21.00. 

The rights only become exercisable in certain limited circumstances
following the tenth day after a person or group announces acquisition of or tender offers for 15% or more of our common stock. For a limited period of time following the announcement of any such acquisition or offer, the rights are redeemable by us
at a price of $0.01 per right. If the rights are not redeemed, each right will then entitle the holder to purchase common stock having the value of twice the then-current exercise price. For a limited period of time after the exercisability of the
rights, each right, at the discretion of our Board of Directors, may be exchanged for either 1/100,000 share of Series B Preferred Stock or one share of common stock per right. The rights expire on June 22, 2013. 

Our Board of Directors has the authority to issue up to 499,999 shares of undesignated preferred stock and to determine the powers, preferences and
rights and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions granted to or imposed upon any wholly unissued shares of undesignated preferred stock and to fix the number of shares constituting any series and the designation of such series, without the
consent of our stockholders. The preferred stock could be issued with voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to those of the holders of common stock. 

The issuance of Series B Preferred Stock or any preferred stock subsequently issued by our Board of Directors, under some circumstances, could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control.

Some provisions contained in the rights plan, and in the equivalent rights plan that our subsidiary, JDS Uniphase Canada Ltd., has adopted
with respect to our exchangeable shares, may have the effect of discouraging a third party from making an acquisition proposal for us and may thereby inhibit a change in control. For example, such provisions may deter tender offers for shares of
common stock or exchangeable shares, which offers may be attractive to stockholders, or deter purchases of large blocks of common stock or exchangeable shares, thereby limiting the opportunity for stockholders to receive a premium for their shares
of common stock or exchangeable shares over the then-prevailing market prices. 

Some anti-takeover provisions contained in our charter and under
Delaware laws could hinder a takeover attempt. 

We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law prohibiting, under some circumstances, publicly-held Delaware corporations from engaging in business combinations with some stockholders for a specified period of time without the approval of the holders of substantially all of our outstanding
voting stock. Such provisions could delay or impede the removal of incumbent directors and could make more difficult a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving us, even if such events could be beneficial, in the short-term, to the interests
of the stockholders. In addition, such provisions could limit the price that some investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions relating to the
limitations of liability and indemnification of our directors and officers, dividing our board of directors into three classes of directors serving three-year terms and providing that our stockholders can take action only at a duly called annual or
special meeting of stockholders. These provisions also may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control or management of us. 

34 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements