We have a
history of net losses, and our future profitability is not assured. 

We incurred net losses of $866.4 million, $21.7 million, and
$26.3 million in fiscal years 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. As a portfolio company, comprised of many product lines, with diverse operating metrics and markets, our profit performance in a particular period is generally a function of both
revenue and product mix factors. For example, our product portfolio has a broad gross margin range. Moreover, the profit contribution of each of our business segments currently varies materially. Additionally, for the last several years, we have
undergone multiple manufacturing, facility, organizational and product line transitions. We expect some of these activities to continue for the foreseeable future. These activities are costly and impair our profitability objectives while ongoing.
Specific factors that may undermine our financial objectives include, among others: 

•

 uncertain future telecom carrier and cable operator capital and R&D spending levels, which particularly affects our Communications and Commercial Optical
Products and Communications Test and Measurement segments; 

•

 the current uncertain macro-economic climate including, among other things, the ongoing fall-out from the recent credit market crisis, which, in the near term has
negatively-impacted our transaction card business in our AOT segment, and more generally creates uncertainty for business across our portfolio; 

22 

Table of Contents

•

 adverse changes to our product mix, both fundamentally (resulting from new product transitions, the declining profitability of certain legacy products and the
termination of certain formerly higher margin products, among other things) and due to quarterly demand fluctuations; 

•

 under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities, particularly in our Communications and Commercial Optical Products segment; 

•

 intense pricing pressure across our product lines (due to competitive forces, increasingly from Asia, and to a highly concentrated customer base for many of our
product lines), which continues to offset many of the cost improvements we are realizing quarter over quarter; 

•

 availability and cost of components for our products, particularly in our Communications and Commercial Optical Products segment; 

•

 increasing commoditization of previously differentiated products, and the attendant negative effect on average selling prices and profit margins, particularly in
our Communications and Commercial Optical Products segment; 

•

 execution challenges, which limit revenue opportunities and harm profitability, market opportunities and customer relations; 

•

 revenue declines associated, periodically, with terminated or divested product lines; 

•

 redundant costs related to periodic transitioning of manufacturing to low cost locations; 

•

 ongoing costs associated with organizational transitions, consolidations and restructurings, which are expected to continue in the nearer term;

•

 continuing high levels of selling, general and administrative, (“SG&A”) expenses; and 

•

 seasonal fluctuations in revenue from our Communications Test and Measurement segment, which is the largest of our business segments. 

Taken together, these factors limit our ability to predict future profitability levels and to achieve our long-term profitability objectives. While
some of these factors may diminish over time as we improve our cost structure and focus on enhancing our product mix, several factors, such as continuous pricing pressure, increasing Asia-based competition, increasing commoditization of
previously-differentiated products, a highly concentrated customer base for many of our product lines and seasonal Communications Test and Measurement segment revenue fluctuations, are likely to remain endemic to our businesses. If we fail to
achieve profitability expectations, the price of our debt and equity securities, as well as our business and financial condition, may be adversely impacted. 

Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions. 

Economic conditions
worldwide have from time to time contributed to slowdowns in the technology industry at large, as well as to the specific segments and markets in which we operate. When combined with ongoing customer consolidation activity and periodic manufacturing
and inventory initiatives, the current worldwide economic downturn, including but not limited to the effects of deteriorating credit markets, could lead to reduced demand from our customers and increased price competition for our products, increased
risk of excess and obsolete inventories and higher overhead costs as a percentage of revenue. The current worldwide economic downturn may further negatively impact our operations by affecting the solvency of our customers, the solvency of our key
suppliers or the ability of our customers to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products. If the global economy and credit markets continue to deteriorate and our future sales continue to decline, our financial condition and results of
operations could be adversely impacted. 

In addition, we have significant intangible assets and long-lived assets recorded on our balance
sheet. We will continue to evaluate the recoverability of the carrying amount of our goodwill and intangible assets on an ongoing basis, and we may incur substantial impairment charges, which would adversely affect our financial 

23 

Table of Contents

results. There can be no assurance that the outcome of such reviews in the future will not result in substantial impairment charges. Impairment
assessment inherently involves judgment as to assumptions about expected future cash flows and the impact of market conditions on those assumptions. Future events and changing market conditions may impact our assumptions as to prices, costs,
holding periods or other factors that may result in changes in our estimates of future cash flows. Although we believe the assumptions we used in testing for impairment are reasonable, significant changes in any one of our assumptions could
produce a significantly different result. If, in any period, our stock price decreases to the point where the fair value of the Company, as determined by our market capitalization, is less than our book value, this too could indicate a potential
impairment and we may be required to record an impairment charge in that period. 

We have continuing concerns regarding the manufacture, quality and
distribution of our products. These concerns are heightened with new product offerings and when overall demand increases. 

Our success
depends upon our ability to deliver both our current product offerings and new products and technologies on time and at acceptable cost to our customers. As a technology company, we constantly encounter quality, volume and cost concerns. The
following factors are potential contributors to our concerns: 

•

 our continuing cost reduction programs, which include site and organization consolidations, asset divestitures, product transfers to contract manufacturers and
employee reductions, require the re-establishment and re-qualification by our customers of complex manufacturing lines, as well as modifications to systems, planning and operational infrastructure. During this process, we have experienced, and
continue to experience additional costs, delays in re-establishing volume production levels, planning difficulties, inventory issues, factory absorption concerns, and systems integration problems; 

•

 increases in demand for certain of our products, in the midst of our cost reduction programs, are straining our execution abilities as well as those of our
suppliers, as we are experiencing periodic and varying capacity, workforce and materials constraints, enhanced by the impact of our ongoing product and operational transfers; 

•

 variability of manufacturing yields caused by difficulties in the manufacturing process, the effects from a shift in product mix, changes in product specifications
and the introduction of new product lines. These difficulties can reduce yields or disrupt production and thereby increase our manufacturing costs and adversely affect our margin; 

•

 the possibility of incurring significant costs to correct defective products (despite rigorous testing for quality both by our customers and by us), which could
include lost future sales of the affected product and other products, and potentially severe customer relations problems, litigation and damage to our reputation; 

•

 our dependence on a limited number of vendors, often small and specialized, for raw materials, packages and standard components. Our business and results of
operations have been, and could continue to be adversely affected by this dependency. Specific concerns we periodically encounter with our suppliers include stoppages or delays of supply, insufficient vendor resources to supply our requirements,
substitution of more expensive or less reliable products, receipt of defective parts or contaminated materials, increases in the price of supplies, and an inability to obtain reduced pricing from our suppliers in response to competitive pressures;
and 

•

 new product programs and introductions, which due to their large-scale restricted field testing and lack of production manufacturers with their increased
complexity, expose us to yield and product risk internally and with our materials suppliers. 

These factors have caused
considerable strain on our execution capabilities and customer relations. We have and could continue to see (a) periodic difficulty responding to customer delivery expectations for some of our products, (b) yield and quality problems,
particularly with some of our new products and higher volume products, 

24 

Table of Contents

and (c) additional funds and other resources to respond to these execution challenges. We are also, in the short-term, diverting resources from new
product research and development and other functions to assist with resolving these matters. If we do not improve our performance in all of these areas, our operating results will be harmed, the commercial viability of new products may be challenged
and our customers may choose to reduce their purchases of our products and purchase additional products from our competitors. 

We rely on a limited
number of customers for a significant portion of sales. 

We believe that we will continue to rely upon a limited number of customers for
a significant portion of our revenues for each period for the foreseeable future and any failure by us to capture a significant share of these customers could materially harm our business. Dependence on a limited number of customers exposes us to
the risk that order reductions from any one customer can have a material adverse effect on periodic revenue. Further, to the extent that our direct communications equipment manufacturer customer base and their customer base, the service providers,
consolidates, we will have increased dependence on fewer customers who may be able to exert increased pressure on our prices and contractual terms in general. Customer consolidation activity and periodic manufacturing and inventory
initiatives could also create the potential for pauses in customer demand for our products as a consequence of their new decision frameworks and periods of operational streamlining. 

Also, we have a strategic alliance with SICPA, our principal customer for our light interference microflakes that are used to, among
other things, provide security features in currency. Under a license and supply agreement, we rely exclusively on SICPA to market and sell one of these product lines, Optically Variable Pigment (OVP®
), for document authentication applications worldwide. The agreement requires SICPA to purchase minimum quantities of these pigments over the term of the agreement. If
SICPA fails to purchase these quantities, as and when required by the agreement, for any reason, our business and operating results (including, among other things, our revenue and gross margin) will be harmed, at least in the short-term. In the
long-term, we may be unable to find a substitute marketing and sales partner or develop these capabilities ourselves. 

Risks in strategic transactions.

Our strategy continues to include periodic acquisitions and divestitures of businesses and technologies. Strategic transactions of this
nature involve numerous risks, including the following: 

•

 difficulties and costs in integrating or disintegrating the operations, technologies, products, systems, facilities, and personnel of the affected businesses;

•

 inadequate internal control procedures and disclosure controls to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or poor
integration of a target company’s or businesses’ procedures and controls; 

•

 diversion of management’s attention from normal daily operations of the business; 

•

 potential difficulties in completing projects associated with in-process research and development; 

•

 difficulties in entering markets in which we have no or limited direct prior experience and where competitors in such markets have stronger market positions;

•

 projecting and obtaining or providing sufficient transition services for an appropriate period of time and cost in the case of acquisitions or divestitures of
product lines, assets, or discrete businesses; 

•

 insufficient net revenue to offset increased expenses associated with acquisitions; 

•

 potential loss of key employees of the acquired companies; and 

•

 difficulty in forecasting revenues and margins. 

Acquisitions may also cause us to: 

•

 issue common stock that would dilute our current shareholders’ percentage ownership; 

25 

Table of Contents

•

 assume liabilities, some of which may be unknown at the time of such acquisitions; 

•

 record goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets that will be subject to impairment testing and potential periodic impairment charges;

•

 incur amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets; 

•

 incur large and immediate write-offs of in-process research and development costs; or 

•

 acquire, assume, or become subject to litigation. 

Strategic transactions between high-technology companies inherently entail risk, and no assurance can be given that our previous or future strategic transactions will be successful or will not adversely affect our
business, operating results, or financial condition. We are currently devoting substantial resources to the integration of our recent acquisitions, which among other things, requires significant investment in IT systems and infrastructure. Failure
to manage and successfully integrate acquisitions or disintegrate divestures could harm our business and operating results in a material way. Even when an acquired company has already developed and marketed products, there can be no assurance that
product enhancements will be made in a timely fashion or that all pre-acquisition due diligence will have identified all possible issues that might arise with respect to such products. 

Certain of our non-communications related products are subject to governmental and industry regulations, certifications and approvals. 

The commercialization of certain of the products we design, manufacture and distribute through our AOT and Communications and Commercial Optical Products
segments may be more costly due to required government approval and industry acceptance processes. Development of applications for our light interference and diffractive microflakes may require significant testing that could delay our sales. For
example, certain uses in cosmetics may be regulated by the Food and Drug Administration, which has extensive and lengthy approval processes. Durability testing by the automobile industry of our decorative microflakes used with automotive paints can
take up to three years. If we change a product for any reason, including technological changes or changes in the manufacturing process, prior approvals or certifications may be invalid and we may need to go through the approval process again. If we
are unable to obtain these or other government or industry certifications in a timely manner, or at all, our operating results could be adversely affected. 

We face risks related to our international operations and revenue. 

Our customers are located throughout the world. In
addition, we have significant offshore operations, including product development, manufacturing, sales and customer support operations. Our operations outside North America include product development and manufacturing facilities in Europe and Asia
and service, sales and support offices worldwide. 

In particular, as a result of our efforts to reduce costs, we have expanded our use of
contract manufacturers in Shenzhen, China. Looking ahead we expect to expand our research and development activities in China. Our ability to operate in China may be adversely affected by changes in Chinese laws and regulations, such as those
relating to taxation, import and export tariffs, environmental regulations, land use rights, intellectual property and other matters, which laws and regulations remain highly underdeveloped and subject to change, with little or no prior notice, for
political or other reasons. 

Our international presence exposes us to certain risks, including the following: 

•

 currency fluctuations; 

•

 our ability to comply with customs, import/export and other trade compliance regulations of the countries in which we do business, together with any unexpected
changes in such regulations; 

26 

Table of Contents

•

 difficulties in establishing and enforcing our intellectual property rights; 

•

 tariffs and other trade barriers; 

•

 political, legal and economic instability in foreign markets, particularly in those markets in which we maintain manufacturing and product development facilities;

•

 difficulties in staffing and management; 

•

 language and cultural barriers; 

•

 seasonal reductions in business activities in the countries where our international customers are located; 

•

 integration of foreign operations; 

•

 longer payment cycles; 

•

 greater difficulty in accounts receivable collection; 

•

 difficulties in management of foreign distributors; and 

•

 potential adverse tax consequences. 

Net revenue from customers outside the Americas accounted for 54%, 48% and 45% of our total net revenue for fiscal 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. We expect that net revenue from customers outside North America will continue to account
for a significant portion of our total net revenue. Lower sales levels that typically occur during the summer months in Europe and some other overseas markets may materially and adversely affect our business. In addition, the revenues we derive from
many of our customers depend on international sales and consequently further expose us to the risks associated with such international sales. 

Changes
in our effective tax rate or adverse outcomes resulting from tax audits may have an adverse impact on our results. 

As an international
corporation, we are subject to taxation in the various jurisdictions in which we conduct business. Significant judgment is required in the determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and this determination requires the interpretation
and application of complex and sometimes uncertain tax laws and regulations. Our effective tax rate may be adversely impacted by changes in the mix of earnings between countries which have different statutory tax rates, in the valuation of our
deferred tax assets, and by changes in tax rules and regulations. We are subject to income tax audits in the respective jurisdictions in which we conduct business and we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these tax
audits to ascertain the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes of these tax audits will not have an adverse impact on our results and financial condition. 

Our business and operations would be adversely impacted in the event of a failure of our information technology infrastructure. 

We rely upon the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology hardware and software infrastructure and our ability to expand and
update this infrastructure in response to our changing needs. We are constantly updating our information technology infrastructure. For example, we recently completed a multiphase, companywide program to upgrade and restructure our current Oracle
system to improve system integration and performance. Any failure to manage, expand and update our information technology infrastructure or any failure in the operation of this infrastructure could harm our business. 

Our acquisition of Acterna created additional burden and risk. The integration of Acterna is of particular concern to our information technology
infrastructure due to Acterna’s size and complexity. Converting Acterna’s business processes, data and applications to our standards outside of North America continues to be a complex 

27 

Table of Contents

and time-consuming task. During this transition period, we are exposed to the risks associated with incompatible and complex reporting systems. 

Despite our implementation of security measures, our systems are vulnerable to damages from computer viruses, natural disasters, unauthorized access
and other similar disruptions. Any system failure, accident or security breach could result in disruptions to our operations. To the extent that any disruptions or security breach results in a loss or damage to our data, or in inappropriate
disclosure of confidential information, it could harm our business. In addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future. 

Failure to maintain effective internal controls may adversely affect our stock price. Out-of-period adjustments could require us to restate previously issued
financial statements. 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and to effectively prevent
fraud. The SEC, as directed by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, adopted rules requiring public companies to include a report by management on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting in
their annual reports on Form 10-K. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm must report on the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting. Although we review our internal control over financial reporting in
order to ensure compliance with the Section 404 requirements, if we or our independent registered public accounting firm is not satisfied with our internal control over financial reporting or the level at which these controls are documented,
designed, operated or reviewed, or if our independent registered public accounting firm interprets the requirements, rules and/or regulations differently from our interpretation, then they may issue a report that is qualified. This could result in
an adverse reaction in the financial marketplace due to a loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which ultimately could negatively impact our stock price. 

In addition, we have in the past recorded, and may in the future record, “out-of-period” adjustments to our financial
statements. In making such adjustments we apply the analytical framework of Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 99, “Materiality”, (“SAB 99”) to determine whether the effect of any out-of-period adjustment to our
financial statements is material and whether such adjustments, individually or in the aggregate, would require us to restate our financial statements for previous periods. Under SAB 99, companies are required to apply
quantitative and qualitative factors to determine the “materiality” of particular adjustments. From a quantitative perspective, the amount of a company’s reported profit or loss is a significant factor in the
determination. In recent periods, we have reported net income at, or close to, “break-even” levels. In periods with “break-even” profitability, it is mathematically more likely that such adjustments may meet the
quantitative “materiality” threshold established under SAB 99. This is especially the case if we continue to operate at or near “break-even” over an extended period of time so that this becomes our de facto standard of
profitability. We have recorded out-of-period adjustments in the past in each instance determining that such adjustments were not material to the period that the error originated or was corrected. In the future we may identify
further out-of-period adjustments impacting our interim or annual financial statements during a period (or series of periods) when our net income or loss is at or near break-even levels. Depending upon the complete qualitative and
quantitative analysis, this could result in our having to restate previously issued financial statements. 

If we fail to timely file with the trustee of
our Zero Coupon Senior Convertible Notes or our 1% Senior Convertible Notes certain information, documents and reports required to be filed by us with the SEC, such notes could become due and payable immediately. As a result, our liquidity position
could be adversely impacted or we may not have enough cash to pay the note holders, which would harm our business and the trading price of our debt and equity securities. 

Under the terms of both of the indentures governing our senior convertible notes, we must comply with certain covenants, agreements and conditions,
including filing with the trustee certain information, documents and reports required to be filed by us with the SEC. Certain failures to comply with the filing of such reports with 

28 

Table of Contents

the trustee would constitute a default. Upon such a default, the trustee or holders of 25% of the outstanding principal of either series of notes have the
option to send us a notice of default, demanding that such default be cured within 60 days. If we receive such a notice of default, we will be required to cure such default within 60 days or obtain a waiver from holders of a majority of the
outstanding principal balance of each series of notes. If we cannot cure such default within 60 days or obtain a waiver, the notes could be accelerated. This could severely impact our liquidity position or, under certain circumstances, we may not
have enough cash to pay the note holders, which would harm our business and the trading price of debt and equity securities. 

We sold $475 million of
senior convertible notes in 2003 and $425 million of senior convertible notes in 2006, which may cause our reported earnings per share to be more volatile because of the conversion contingency features of these notes. 

We issued $475 million of indebtedness in October 2003 and $425 million of indebtedness in May and June, 2006 in the form of senior convertible notes. As
of June 27, 2009, $325.2 million of these notes remained outstanding. The issuance of these notes substantially increased our principal payment obligations and we may not have enough cash to repay the notes when due. The degree to which we are
leveraged could materially and adversely affect our ability to successfully obtain financing for working capital, acquisitions or other purposes and could make us more vulnerable to industry downturns and competitive pressures. In addition, the
holders of those notes are entitled to convert those notes into shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock under certain circumstances which would cause dilution to our existing stockholders and lower our reported
per share earnings. 

If we have insufficient proprietary rights or if we fail to protect those we have, our business would be materially harmed. 

Our intellectual property rights may not be adequate to protect our products or product roadmaps. 

We seek to protect our products and our product roadmaps in part by developing and/or securing proprietary rights relating to those products, including
patents, trade secrets, know-how and continuing technological innovation. The steps taken by us to protect our intellectual property may not adequately prevent misappropriation or ensure that others will not develop competitive technologies or
products. Other companies may be investigating or developing other technologies that are similar to our own. It is possible that patents may not be issued from any application pending or filed by us and, if patents do issue, the claims allowed may
not be sufficiently broad to deter or prohibit others from making, using or selling similar products. We do not own patents in every country in which we sell or distribute our products, and thus others may be able to offer identical products in
countries in which we do not have intellectual property protection. In addition, the laws of some territories in which our products are or may be developed, manufactured or sold, including Europe, Asia-Pacific or Latin America, may not protect our
products and intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. 

Any patents issued to us may be challenged,
invalidated or circumvented, and recent Supreme Court precedent may make it easier to invalidate some of our patents than in the past. Additionally, we are currently a licensee in all of our operating segments for a number of third-party
technologies, software and intellectual property rights from academic institutions, our competitors and others, and are required to pay royalties to these licensors for the use thereof. Unless we are able to obtain such licenses on commercially
reasonable terms, patents or other intellectual property held by others could inhibit our development of new products, impede the sale of some of our current products, substantially increase the cost to provide these products to our customers, and
could have a significant adverse impact on our operating results. In the past, licenses generally have been available to us where third-party technology was necessary or useful for the development or production of our products. In the future
licenses to third-party technology may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 

29 

Table of Contents

Our products may be subject to claims that they infringe the intellectual property rights of others. 

Lawsuits and allegations of patent infringement and violation of other intellectual property rights occur in our industry on a regular basis. We have
received in the past, and anticipate that we will receive in the future, notices from third parties claiming that our products infringe third-party proprietary rights. Over the past few years there has been a marked increase in the number and
potential severity of third party patent infringement claims, primarily from two distinct sources. First, large technology companies, including some of our customers and competitors, are seeking to monetize their patent portfolios and have developed
large internal organizations that have approached us with demands to enter license agreements. Second, numerous patent-holding companies, entities that do not make or sell products (often referred to as “patent trolls”), have claimed that
our products infringe upon their proprietary rights. In addition, our markets are extremely competitive and we expect to experience intellectual property infringement disputes with our competitors from time to time. We will continue to respond to
these claims in the course of our business operations. In the past, the settlement and disposition of these disputes has not had a material adverse impact on our business or financial condition, however this may not be the case in the future.
Further, the litigation or settlement of these matters, regardless of the merit of the claims, could result in significant expense to us and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel, whether or not we are successful. If we are
unsuccessful, we could be required to expend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology or to obtain licenses to the technology that is the subject of the litigation. We may not be successful in such development, or such licenses may
not be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Without such a license, we could be enjoined from future sales of the infringing product or products, which could adversely affect our revenues and operating results. 

The use of open source software in our products, as well as those of our suppliers, manufacturers and customers, may expose us to additional risks and harm our
intellectual property position. 

Certain of the software and/or firmware that we use and distribute (as well as that of our
suppliers, manufacturers and customers) may be, be derived from, or contain, so-called “open source” software that is generally made available to the public by its authors and/or other third parties. Such open source
software is often made available under licenses which impose obligations in the event the software or derivative works thereof are distributed or re-distributed. These obligations may require us to make source code for the derivative works available
to the public, and/or license such derivative works under a particular type of license, rather than the forms of license customarily used to protect our own software products. While we believe we have complied with our obligations under the
various applicable licenses for open source software, in the event that a court rules that these licenses are unenforceable, or in the event the copyright holder of any open source software were to successfully establish in court that we had not
complied with the terms of a license for a particular work, we could be required to release the source code of that work to the public and/or stop distribution of that work. Additionally, open source licenses are subject to occasional revision.
In the event future iterations of open source software are made available under a revised license, such license revisions may adversely affect our ability to use such future iterations.

We face certain litigation risks that could harm our business. 

We have had numerous lawsuits filed
against us asserting various claims. The results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict. Moreover, many of the complaints filed against us do not specify the amount of damages that plaintiffs seek, and we therefore are unable to
estimate the possible range of damages that might be incurred should these lawsuits be resolved against us. While we are unable to estimate the potential damages arising from such lawsuits, certain of them assert types of claims that, if resolved
against us, could give rise to substantial damages. Thus, an unfavorable outcome or settlement of one or more of these lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Even if these
lawsuits are not resolved against us, the uncertainty and expense associated with unresolved lawsuits could seriously harm our business, financial condition and reputation. Litigation is costly, time-consuming and disruptive to normal business
operations. The costs of defending these lawsuits, particularly the securities class actions and 

30 

Table of Contents

stockholder derivative actions, have been significant, will continue to be costly and may not be covered by our insurance policies. The defense of these
lawsuits could also result in continued diversion of our management’s time and attention away from business operations, which could harm our business. For additional information regarding certain of the lawsuits in which we are involved, see
the “Legal Proceedings” portion of this report. 

We may be subject to environmental liabilities which could increase our expenses and harm our
operating results. 

We are subject to various federal, state and foreign laws and regulations governing the environment, including those
governing pollution and protection of human health and the environment and, recently, those restricting the presence of certain substances in electronic products and holding producers of those products financially responsible for the collection,
treatment, recycling and disposal of certain products. Such laws and regulations have been passed in several jurisdictions in which we operate. Laws governing the environmental effects of electronic products have been passed in several European
Union member countries, and similar laws are now pending in various jurisdictions within the United States. The European Union has enacted the Restriction of the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment, or RoHS,
and the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment, or WEEE, directives. The RoHS directive prohibits the use of certain substances, including lead, mercury, cadmium and chromium, in covered products placed on the market after July 1, 2006. The
WEEE directive obligates parties that place electrical and electronic equipment onto the market in the European Union to clearly mark the equipment, register with and report to European Union regulators regarding distribution of the equipment, and
provide a mechanism to recall and properly dispose of the equipment. Each European Union member country has enacted, or is expected to soon enact, legislation clarifying what is and what is not covered by the WEEE directive in that country. However,
there is still some uncertainty in certain European Union countries as to which party involved in the manufacture, distribution and sale of electronic equipment will be ultimately held responsible. If we are deemed to be a manufacturer of covered
products, we may be required to register as a producer in certain European Union countries, and incur financial responsibility with respect to products sold within the European Union, including products of other manufacturers that have been replaced
by our products. We may also incur substantial costs to change our manufacturing processes, redesign or reformulate, and obtain substitute components for, our products that are deemed covered products under the RoHS directive. We may also incur
significant inventory write-downs if certain components held in inventory become unusable because they are not RoHS-compliant. If we fail to timely provide RoHS-compliant products, we will not be able to offer our products within European Union, and
we may be subject to civil or criminal liabilities. 

Similar legislation has been and may be enacted in other locations where we
manufacture or sell our products. We will need to ensure that we comply with such laws and regulations as they are enacted, as well as all environmental laws and regulations, and as appropriate or required, that our component suppliers also timely
comply with such laws and regulations. If we fail to timely comply with such laws, we could face sanctions for such noncompliance, and our customers further may refuse to purchase our products, which would have a materially adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

With respect to compliance with environmental laws and regulations in general, we
have incurred and in the future could incur substantial costs for the cleanup of contaminated properties, either those we own or operate or to which we have sent wastes in the past, or to comply with such environmental laws and regulations; further,
we could be subject to disruptions to our operations and logistics as a result of such clean-up or compliance obligations. In addition, if we were found to be in violation of these laws, we could be subject to governmental fines and liability for
damages resulting from such violations. If we have to make significant capital expenditures to comply with environmental laws, or if we are subject to significant expenditures in connection with a violation of these laws, our financial condition or
operating results could be adversely impacted. 

31 

Table of Contents

Our rights plan and our ability to issue additional preferred stock could harm the rights of our common stockholders.

In February 2003, we amended and restated our Stockholder Rights Agreement and currently each share of our outstanding common stock is
associated with one right. Each right entitles stockholders to purchase 1/100,000 share of our Series B Preferred Stock at an exercise price of $21.00. 

The rights only become exercisable in certain limited circumstances following the tenth day after a person or group announces acquisition of or tender offers for 15% or more of our common stock. For a limited period
of time following the announcement of any such acquisition or offer, the rights are redeemable by us at a price of $0.01 per right. If the rights are not redeemed, each right will then entitle the holder to purchase common stock having the value of
twice the then-current exercise price. For a limited period of time after the exercisability of the rights, each right, at the discretion of our Board of Directors, may be exchanged for either 1/100,000 share of Series B Preferred Stock or one share
of common stock per right. The rights expire on June 22, 2013. 

Our Board of Directors has the authority to issue up to 499,999 shares
of undesignated preferred stock and to determine the powers, preferences and rights and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions granted to or imposed upon any wholly unissued shares of undesignated preferred stock and to fix the number of
shares constituting any series and the designation of such series, without the consent of our stockholders. The preferred stock could be issued with voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to those of the holders of common stock.

The issuance of Series B Preferred Stock or any preferred stock subsequently issued by our Board of Directors, under some circumstances,
could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control. 

Some provisions contained in the rights plan, and in the
equivalent rights plan that our subsidiary, JDS Uniphase Canada Ltd., has adopted with respect to our exchangeable shares, may have the effect of discouraging a third party from making an acquisition proposal for us and may thereby inhibit a change
in control. For example, such provisions may deter tender offers for shares of common stock or exchangeable shares, which offers may be attractive to stockholders, or deter purchases of large blocks of common stock or exchangeable shares, thereby
limiting the opportunity for stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of common stock or exchangeable shares over the then-prevailing market prices. 

Some anti-takeover provisions contained in our charter and under Delaware laws could hinder a takeover attempt. 

We are
subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law prohibiting, under some circumstances, publicly-held Delaware corporations from engaging in business combinations with some stockholders for a specified period of
time without the approval of the holders of substantially all of our outstanding voting stock. Such provisions could delay or impede the removal of incumbent directors and could make more difficult a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving
us, even if such events could be beneficial, in the short-term, to the interests of the stockholders. In addition, such provisions could limit the price that some investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. Our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions relating to the limitations of liability and indemnification of our directors and officers, dividing our board of directors into three classes of directors serving three-year terms and
providing that our stockholders can take action only at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders. These provisions also may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control or management of us. 

32 

Table of Contents