You should
 be aware that the occurrence of any of the events described in this section and elsewhere in this report or in any other of our filings with the SEC could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, liquidity, results of operations and cash flows. In evaluating us, you should consider carefully, among other things, the risks described below. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face, but do represent those risks and uncertainties that we believe are material to us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we deem immaterial may also harm our business. Some statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. Please refer to the section entitled “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.”

Risks Related to Our Business and Operations

We are and expect to continue to be significantly dependent on our tenants for substantially all of our revenues and, because our tenants are required to pay a significant portion of their cash flow from operations to us pursuant to, and subject to the terms and conditions of, our respective lease agreements and other agreements with them, an event that has a material adverse effect on any of our significant tenants could have a material adverse effect on us.

We depend on our tenants to operate the properties that we own in a manner that generates revenues sufficient to allow the tenants to meet their obligations to us. Our two largest tenants, Caesars and MGM, comprise approximately 74% of our total leasing revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024. Under our respective lease agreements with Caesars and MGM, they are obligated to pay us approximately $1.2 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively, in estimated annual lease payments for 2025. Because our leases are triple-net leases, in addition to the rent payment obligations of our tenants, we depend on our tenants to pay substantially all insurance, taxes, utilities and maintenance and repair expenses in connection with the leased properties and to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims and liabilities arising in connection with their businesses. There can be no assurance that our tenants will have sufficient assets, income or access to financing to enable them to satisfy their payment and other obligations under their leases with us, or that any applicable guarantor will be able to satisfy its guarantee of the applicable tenant’s obligations.

Our tenants rely on the properties they or their respective subsidiaries own and/or operate for income to satisfy their obligations, including their debt service requirements and rental and other payments due to us or others, and these payments may constitute a significant portion of their cash flow from operations. If a tenant’s income at our leased properties were to significantly decline for any reason, or if a tenant’s debt service requirements were to significantly increase or if their creditworthiness were to become impaired for any reason, a tenant or any applicable guarantor may become unable or unwilling to satisfy its payment and other obligations under their leases or other agreements with us. The inability or unwillingness of a significant tenant to meet its payment or other obligations under a lease or other payment obligation with us could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, or results of operations, including our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Additionally, these obligations may limit our tenants’ ability to fund their operations or development projects, raise capital, make acquisitions, and otherwise respond to competitive and economic changes by making investments to maintain and grow their portfolio of businesses and properties, which may adversely affect their competitiveness and the ability of their applicable subsidiaries and guarantors to satisfy their obligations to us under the applicable lease agreements and the related guarantees, respectively. Moreover, given the importance of our significant tenants to our business, a failure on the part of a significant tenant to maintain its business or financial performance or experience any deterioration of its creditworthiness could materially and adversely affect us, even in the absence of a default under our agreements with such tenant. 

Due to our dependence on rental and other payments from our tenants as our primary source of revenue, we may be limited in our ability to enforce our rights under our lease agreements or other agreements with our tenants or terminate such other agreements or, due to our predominantly master lease structure, certain leases with respect to any particular property. Failure by one of our tenants to comply with the terms of their respective leases or to comply with the gaming regulations to which the leased properties are subject could result in, among other things, the termination of an applicable lease agreement, requiring us to find another tenant for such property or properties to the extent possible, or a decrease or cessation of rental payments by such tenant, as the case may be. In such event, we may lose our interest in a property subject to an applicable ground lease or be unable to locate a suitable, creditworthy tenant at similar rental rates or at all, which would have the effect of reducing our rental revenue and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations.

17

Table of Contents

We are dependent on the gaming industry and may be susceptible to risks associated with it, including heightened competition, regulatory developments, changes in consumer behavior and discretionary spending, and the overall macroeconomic environment and outlook.

As the landlord and owner of gaming facilities, we are impacted by risks associated with the gaming industry, which is characterized by a high degree of competition among a large number of industry participants, including brick and mortar casinos, riverboat casinos, video lottery, sweepstakes and poker machines not located in casinos, Native American gaming, emerging varieties of internet gaming, sports betting and other forms of gaming in the United States and, in a broader sense, gaming operators face competition from all manner of leisure and entertainment activities. Gaming competition is intense in most of the markets where our facilities are located, and may continue to increase as a result of, among other things, the expansion or improvement of facilities by existing market participants, the availability of additional licenses in a given jurisdiction, the entrance of new gaming participants into a market, increased internet gaming and sports betting or legislative changes in various jurisdictions (including those relating to the foregoing). As competing properties and new markets are opened, 
our tenants’ businesses may be adversely impacted and as a result 
we may be negatively impacted. 
Additionally, the casino entertainment industry represents a significant source of tax revenues to the various jurisdictions in which casinos operate. From time to time, various state and federal legislators and officials have proposed changes in tax laws, or in the administration of such laws, including increases in tax rates, which would affect our tenants and the industry. If adopted, such changes could adversely impact the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of our gaming tenants, including our significant tenants.

Historically, economic indicators such as GDP growth, consumer confidence and employment are correlated with demand for gaming, entertainment and leisure properties, including casinos and racetracks, and economic recessions, contractions or slowdowns have generally led to a decrease in discretionary spending on associated leisure activities. In addition, weakened general economic conditions such as, but not limited to, recessions, lackluster recoveries from recessions, contractions, high unemployment levels, higher income taxes, inflation, low levels of consumer confidence, weakness in the housing market, cultural and demographic changes, instability in global, national and regional economic activity and increased stock market volatility have historically adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, leisure and business travel, discretionary spending, consumer preferences, and other areas of economic behavior that directly impact the gaming industry and, as a result, may negatively impact our business, financial condition, and operating cash flows. Other factors over which we and our tenants have no control, including public health crises, labor shortages, travel restrictions, supply chain disruptions and property closures, may also adversely affect the gaming industry. 

As we are subject to risks inherent in substantial investments in a single industry, a decrease in the gaming business would likely have a greater adverse effect on us than if we owned a more diversified real estate portfolio, particularly because, among other things, a component of the rent under certain of the lease agreements will be based, over time, on the performance of the gaming facilities operated by our tenants within our properties. As a result of such dependence on the gaming industry, the immediate and long-term effects of the foregoing on the gaming industry could be material and adverse to our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 

Because a concentrated portion of our revenues are generated from the Las Vegas Strip, we are subject to greater risks than a company that is more geographically diversified.

Our properties on the Las Vegas Strip generated approximately 48% of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024 and we expect this concentration to continue in the foreseeable future. Therefore, our business may be significantly affected by risks common to the Las Vegas tourism industry, such as the impact of any events that limit or disrupt travel to and from Las Vegas (including the cost and availability of air services), work stoppages and other labor unrest, strikes, or other business interruptions. Moreover, due to the importance of our properties on the Las Vegas Strip, we may be disproportionately affected by general risks such as economic conditions, changing consumer behavior, severe weather and climate impacts (including heat stress, water stress and drought), natural disasters (including major fires, floods and earthquakes), and acts of terrorism, should such developments occur in or nearby, or otherwise impact, Las Vegas. As a result of such geographic concentration of risks, the immediate and long-term effects of the foregoing could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, and prospects. 

Our pursuit of acquisitions of, and investments in, experiential assets and other strategic opportunities are in a highly competitive industry and may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations, and we may not identify all potential costs and liabilities in connection with such acquisitions or investments. 

We intend to continue to pursue acquisitions of, and investments in, gaming, hospitality, wellness, entertainment and leisure sector properties and activities directly related thereto, which we refer to as “experiential assets”, and other strategic opportunities. However, we operate in a highly competitive industry and face competition from other REITs, investment 

18

Table of Contents

companies, private equity firms and hedge funds, sovereign funds, lenders, gaming companies and other investors, some of whom are larger and have greater resources, access to capital and lower costs of capital or different investment parameters. Increased competition and interest from other companies in investing in and acquiring gaming-entitled real estate will make it more challenging to identify and successfully capitalize on transaction opportunities that meet our investment objectives. If we cannot make investments in a sufficient quantity of gaming properties and other experiential properties at favorable prices or if we are unable to finance transactions on commercially favorable terms, our business, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. Additionally, the fact that we must distribute 90% of our REIT taxable income in order to maintain our qualification as a REIT may limit our ability to rely upon rental payments from our leased properties or subsequently acquired properties in order to finance these strategic investments and transactions. As a result, if debt or equity financing is not available on acceptable terms, further transactions might be limited or curtailed.

Pursuant to our investment strategy, we may often be engaged in evaluating potential transactions and other strategic alternatives. The investigation of such transactions and strategic alternatives, including financial analysis and underwriting, due diligence and negotiation, drafting, and execution of relevant agreements, requires substantial management time and attention and may impose substantial costs for financial advisors, accountants, attorneys and other advisors. If a specific transaction does not proceed or is not consummated for any reason, including those beyond our control, the costs incurred up to that point likely would not be recoverable and significant management time will have been lost, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Additionally, we may not identify all potential costs and liabilities in the course of our due diligence in connection with these opportunities. In the event that a cost or liability is not adequately identified in the course of such due diligence or addressed in the course of negotiating such transaction, we may not fully realize the anticipated benefit of such transaction, if at all, or our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Further, even if we are able to acquire or invest in additional properties in the future, there is no guarantee that such properties will be able to maintain their historical performance or achieve their projected performance, which may prevent the ability of our tenants or borrowers to meet their obligations to us under the applicable agreements. In addition, our financing of these acquisitions and investments could negatively impact our cash flows and liquidity, require us to incur substantial debt or involve the issuance of new equity, which would be dilutive to existing stockholders. Due to market considerations and in light of the timing typically required to obtain regulatory approvals for gaming transactions, any such financing may take place substantially in advance of closing of such transaction (and the receipt of rent or other payments under a lease or other applicable agreement) and negatively impact our operating results during such period. In addition, we cannot make assurances that we will be successful in implementing our business and growth strategies or that any additional transactions will improve our financial performance or operating results. The failure to identify and acquire or invest in new properties effectively, or the failure of any acquired properties to perform as expected, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects, as well as our ability to make distributions to our stockholders.

We and our tenants face extensive regulation from gaming and other regulatory authorities, and our charter provides that any of our shares held by investors who are found to be unsuitable by state gaming regulatory authorities are subject to redemption, which may delay or prohibit a change in control.

The ownership, operation, and management of gaming and racing facilities are subject to extensive regulation by one or more gaming authorities in each applicable jurisdiction where gaming and racing facilities are permitted. These regulations impact our gaming and racing tenants and persons associated with such facilities operating at our properties, which in many jurisdictions include us as the landlord and owner of the real estate. Gaming regulatory authorities also have broad powers with respect to the licensing of casino operations and may require us and/or our affiliates to maintain certain licenses or be found suitable as a landlord and certain of our stockholders, officers and directors may be required to be found suitable as well. Under certain circumstances, gaming authorities may revoke, suspend, condition or limit the gaming or other licenses of us or our tenants, impose substantial fines or take other actions, any one of which could adversely impact the business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations of us or our tenants. Additionally, gaming compliance issues in one jurisdiction may lead to reviews and compliance issues in other jurisdictions. The loss of gaming licenses by us could result in, among other things, an event of default under certain of our debt agreements, and cross-default provisions could cause an event of default under one debt agreement to trigger an event of default under our other debt agreements. 

Our outstanding shares of capital stock are held subject to applicable gaming laws. In many jurisdictions, gaming laws can require certain of our stockholders to file an application, be investigated, and qualify or have such person or entity’s suitability determined by gaming authorities, and gaming authorities have very broad discretion in making such determinations. Gaming authorities may conduct investigations into the conduct or associations of our stockholders to ensure compliance with applicable standards. Many jurisdictions also require any person who acquires beneficial ownership of more than a certain percentage of voting securities of a gaming company and, in some jurisdictions, non-voting securities, typically 5% of a publicly traded company, to report the acquisition to gaming authorities, and gaming authorities may require such holders to 

19

Table of Contents

apply for qualification, licensure or a finding of suitability, subject to limited exceptions for “institutional investors” that hold a company’s securities for passive investment purposes only. Any person owning or controlling at least 5% of the outstanding shares of any class of our capital stock is required to promptly notify us of such person’s identity and apply for qualification, licensure, finding of suitability, or an institutional investor waiver, as applicable. Some jurisdictions may also limit the number of gaming licenses in which a person may hold an ownership or a controlling interest. Our charter provides that all of our shares held by investors who are found to be unsuitable by regulatory authorities are subject to redemption upon our receipt of notice of such finding and, in some cases, we may be subject to disciplinary action if, after we receive notice that a person is unsuitable to be a stockholder or to have any other relationship with us, we engage in certain transactions with that stockholder or fail to cause that stockholder to relinquish their securities.

Finally, certain corporate actions must be reported to, and in some cases approved by, certain gaming authorities in advance of a transaction, including substantially all material loans, significant acquisitions, leases, sales of securities and similar financing transactions by us and our subsidiaries, and changes in control through merger, consolidation, stock or asset acquisitions, management or consulting agreements, or otherwise. As a result, entities seeking to acquire control of us or one of our subsidiaries (and certain of our affiliates) must satisfy gaming authorities with respect to a variety of stringent standards prior to assuming control. Failure to satisfy the stringent licensing standards may preclude such entities from acquiring an ownership or a controlling interest in us or one of our subsidiaries (and certain of our affiliates) and/or require the entities to divest such interest. If the consummation of a transaction by an entity seeking to acquire control of us or one of our subsidiaries is delayed or prohibited by regulatory authorities, we or our stockholders may be limited or otherwise unable to realize the benefits of the proposed transaction.

Required regulatory approvals can delay or prohibit transfers of our gaming properties or the consummation of transactions, which could result in periods in which we are unable to receive rent related to, or otherwise realize the benefits of, such transactions.

Tenants at our gaming properties are required to be licensed under applicable law in order to operate any of our properties as gaming facilities. The loss of gaming licenses by our tenants could result in, among other things, the cessation of operations at one or more of the facilities we lease to such tenants. As a result, if a lease agreement for a gaming property is terminated (which could be required by a regulatory agency) or expires, any new tenant must be licensed and receive other regulatory approvals to operate such property as a gaming facility. Any delay in, or inability of, a new tenant to receive required licenses and other regulatory approvals from the applicable state and county government agencies may prolong the period during which the property is unoccupied and we are unable to collect the applicable rent. Further, in any such event, the property may not be permitted to continue to operate as a gaming facility and we may be unable to collect rent or transfer or sell the affected property as a gaming facility, which could materially adversely affect the fair value of the affected property. Given the highly regulated nature of the gaming industry, any future gaming transactions we enter into are likely to be subject to regulatory approval in one or more jurisdictions, including with respect to any transfers in ownership, operating licensure or other regulatory considerations. If the consummation of a transaction is delayed or prohibited by regulatory authorities, we may be limited or otherwise unable to realize the benefits of the proposed transaction, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 

We are subject to additional risks due to our international investments and acquisitions, including properties that we own, or may acquire in the future, outside the United States.

The value of the properties in which we invest or acquire in non-U.S. jurisdictions may be affected by factors specific to the laws and business practices of such jurisdictions, which may expose us to risks that are different from and in addition to those commonly found in the United States, including, but not limited to: (i) the burden of complying with non-U.S. laws, including land use and zoning laws or more stringent environmental laws; (ii) existing or new laws relating to the foreign ownership of real property and laws restricting our ability to repatriate earnings and cash into the United States; (iii) the potential for expropriation; (iv) adverse effects of changes in the exchange rate between U.S. dollars and foreign currencies in which revenue is generated at our properties outside the United States; (v) the imposition of adverse or confiscatory taxes, changes in income and other tax rates or laws and changes in other operating expenses in such foreign jurisdictions; (vi) possible challenges to the anticipated tax treatment of our revenue and our properties; (vii) the potential difficulty of enforcing rights and obligations in foreign jurisdictions; and (viii) our more limited experience and expertise in foreign countries relative to our experience and expertise in the United States.

Under certain of our lease agreements, rent is payable in foreign currencies with respect to some or all of the properties under the applicable lease agreements. In addition, we have incurred and may continue to incur indebtedness that is denominated in foreign currencies to fund our international investments. As a result, we are subject to foreign currency risk due to potential fluctuations in exchange rates between these foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar. A significant change in the value of the foreign currency of one or more countries where we have a significant investment or receive significant rental revenue may 

20

Table of Contents

have a material adverse effect on our business and, specifically, our U.S. dollar reported financial condition and results of operations. While we may enter into hedging and other derivatives instruments to mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, we may not realize the anticipated benefits from these arrangements or these arrangements may be insufficient to mitigate our exposure. 

Our long-term, triple-net leases include rent escalations over specified periods that will generally continue to apply regardless of the amount of cash flows generated by the properties subject to such lease agreements, and such lease agreements may not result in fair market lease rates over time.

All of our rental revenue and a substantial majority of our total revenue is generated from our long-term triple-net lease agreements and, consistent with typical triple-net leases, our lease agreements have longer lease terms, with a weighted average lease term (inclusive of extension options) of all of our lease agreements as of December 31, 2024 of 40.7 years. See 
Item 1 “Business-Our Lease Agreements”

 and 
Item 1 “Business-Our Relationship with Caesars and MGM”

 for additional information regarding such agreements. Our lease agreements contain annual escalation provisions, certain of which are tied to changes in CPI (or similar metrics with respect to other geographies), although these annual escalators in some cases do not apply until future periods. In addition, certain of these annual escalators are subject to a maximum cap, which could result in lower rent escalation than the actual CPI increase in a single year or over a longer period. For example, under the MGM Master Lease, the escalator is fixed at 2.0% for years two through ten of the MGM Master Lease and, for the remainder of the term, the escalator is the greater of 2.0% and CPI, subject to a 3.0% cap. Inflation as measured by changes in CPI increased at an average of 2.9% in 2024. Accordingly, there is a risk that contractual rental increases in future years may fail to match inflation rates or result in fair market rental rates over time. Sustained inflation rates that are above any CPI escalator cap could over time result in our receiving rental income below fair market lease rates, which could adversely impact the fair value of the assets and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

In addition, the annual rent escalations under the lease agreements over specified periods will generally continue to apply regardless of the amount of cash flows generated by the properties that are subject to such lease agreements. Accordingly, if the cash flows generated by such properties decrease, do not increase at the same rate as the rent escalations, or do not increase as anticipated, including in connection with any capital improvement projects (such as those financed through our Partner Property Growth Fund strategy), the rents payable under such lease agreements will over time comprise a higher percentage of the cash flows generated by the applicable tenant and/or guarantor, which could make it more difficult for them to meet their respective obligations to us under the lease agreements (and related guarantees, as applicable). Finally, our tenants may choose not to renew our lease agreements at the end of the initial lease term or any additional renewal term thereafter. If a lease agreement expires without renewal and we are not able to find one or more suitable, creditworthy replacement tenants on the same or more attractive terms, our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected, including our ability to make distributions to our stockholders at the then current level, or at all. 

Our ability to sell, dispose of and use our properties may be limited by the contractual terms of our lease agreements, tax protection agreements or other agreements with our tenants, or otherwise impacted by matters relating to our real estate ownership.

Our ability to sell or dispose of our properties may be hindered by, among other things, the fact that such properties are subject to lease agreements, as the terms of each lease agreement require that a purchaser assume the applicable lease agreement or, in certain cases, enter into a severance lease for the sold property on substantially the same terms as contained in the applicable lease agreement, which may make our properties less attractive to a potential buyer than alternative properties that may be for sale. Additionally, our properties may be subject to use restrictions and/or operational requirements imposed pursuant to ground leases, restrictive covenants or conditions, reciprocal easement agreements or operating agreements or other instruments that could, among other things, adversely affect our ability to lease such properties, enforce our rights as a lender and otherwise realize additional value from these properties. In connection with certain of our transactions, including the MGP Transactions (as defined in 
Note 3 - Real Estate Transactions

), we entered into tax protection agreements which could limit our ability to sell or otherwise dispose of the subject property or properties contributed to us, and we may enter into similar such agreements in the future. Therefore, although it may be in the best interests of our stockholders for us to sell a certain property, it may be economically prohibitive for us to do so during the specified period because of restrictions included within a tax protection agreement. 

For example, in connection with the MGP Transactions, we entered into the MGM Tax Protection Agreement pursuant to which, subject to certain exceptions, we agreed to indemnify the Protected Parties (as defined in the MGM Tax Protection Agreement) for certain tax liabilities, during the Protected Period (as defined in the MGM Tax Protection Agreement), resulting from (i) the sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition of Protected Property (as defined in the MGM Tax Protection Agreement), (ii) a merger, consolidation, or transfer of all of the assets of, or certain other transactions undertaken by us pursuant to which the ownership interests of the Protected Parties in VICI OP are required to be exchanged in whole or in part 

21

Table of Contents

for cash or other property, (iii) the failure of VICI OP to maintain approximately $8.5 billion of nonrecourse indebtedness allocable to the Protected Parties, which amount may be reduced over time in accordance with the MGM Tax Protection Agreement, and (iv) the failure of VICI OP or us to comply with certain tax covenants that would impact the tax liabilities of the Protected Parties. In addition, as sole owner of the MGM Grand/Mandalay Bay JV, we bear any indemnity under the tax protection agreement previously entered into with MGM, which is effective through mid-2029, with respect to built-in gain and debt maintenance related to MGM Grand Las Vegas and Mandalay Bay. In the event that we breach restrictions in these agreements, we will be liable for grossed-up tax amounts associated with the income or gain recognized as a result of such breach. 

We are exposed to risks related to certain of our properties that are subject to ground and use lease arrangements.

We are and may in the future be the lessee under long-term ground lease arrangements at certain of our properties or make investments into properties that are subject to long-term ground lease arrangements. Many of these ground lease arrangements involve local municipalities, states and other governmental bodies as the applicable lessor, such as Century Mile Racetrack, Chelsea Piers New York, and MGM National Harbor. Unless we purchase a fee interest in the underlying land and/or buildings subject to the leases, we will not own such properties or portions of such properties, as the case may be. Unless the terms of these ground and use leases are extended prior to expiration, we will no longer have rights with respect to these properties or portions of the properties, as the case may be, upon expiration of the applicable ground leases, which could impact our tenant’s ability to operate the property (to the extent the portions of property covered under the applicable ground and/or use lease are material to the operations of the property) and our rights and obligations under applicable lease agreements, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, payments under such leasehold interests may be periodically adjusted pursuant to the relevant contractual arrangements and may result in significantly higher rents, and while such payments are the responsibility of our tenants under the respective lease agreements, such increases could adversely affect us and our tenants’ business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may rely on our tenants at such properties to maintain compliance with the terms of any such ground or use lease. Additionally, due to the greater risk in a loan secured by a leasehold interest than a loan secured by a fee interest, we face risks related to our investments secured by a leasehold interest, including if the borrower were to default under the terms of our loan or violate the terms of such ground lease.

We may elect not to, or not be able to, purchase properties pursuant to our rights under certain agreements, including put-call, call right, right of first refusal, right of first offer and similar agreements, including if we are unable to obtain financing on attractive terms, or at all.

Pursuant to certain put-call agreements, call agreements, right of first refusal, right of first offer and similar agreements, as further described in 
Item 1 "Business - Our Embedded Growth Pipeline"

, we have certain rights in connection with the potential or actual purchase or sale of properties covered by these agreements, subject to applicable terms and conditions. In many cases, the counterparties to these agreements are not obligated to sell the applicable properties and our right to purchase (or offer to purchase) these properties under these agreements may never be triggered.

Additionally, in order to exercise these rights and any similar rights we obtain in the future, we would likely be required to secure additional financing and our substantial level of indebtedness or other factors could limit our ability to do so on attractive terms, or at all. If we are unable to obtain financing on terms acceptable to us, we may not be able to exercise these rights and acquire these properties. Further, each of these potential transactions remains subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable agreements, including with respect to due diligence, applicable regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. In certain circumstances, we may elect not to exercise any such rights with respect to a given property.

The bankruptcy or insolvency of any tenant, borrower or guarantor could result in the termination of the lease agreements, the related guarantees or loan agreements and certain lease agreements being re-characterized as disguised financing transactions.

We are subject to the credit risk of our tenants and borrowers in connection with the rental and other obligations owed to us under applicable leases, guarantees, and other financing agreements. We cannot provide assurances that our tenants and borrowers will not default on their obligations and fail to make payments to us. If a tenant or borrower is unable to meet its financial obligations, including required payments to us, such inability may result in their bankruptcy or insolvency. In addition, in the event of a bankruptcy of our tenants, borrowers or their respective guarantors, any claim for damages under the applicable lease, loan agreement or guarantee may not be paid in full. 

Furthermore, with respect to tenants whose obligations are guaranteed by a single guarantor (including Caesars and MGM), although such tenants’ performance and payments are guaranteed, a default by the applicable tenant, or by the guarantor with respect to its guarantee, may cause a default under certain circumstances with regard to the entire portfolio covered by the respective lease agreements. In event of such a default, there can be no assurances that the tenants or the guarantor would 

22

Table of Contents

assume the applicable lease agreements or the related guarantees, and if such lease agreements or guarantees were rejected, the tenant or the guarantor, as applicable, may not have sufficient funds to pay the damages that would be owed to us as a result of the rejection and we might not be able to find a replacement tenant on the same or better terms. For these and other reasons, the bankruptcy of one or more of our tenants, borrowers or their respective guarantors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects.

In addition, if Caesars declares bankruptcy, our business could be materially and adversely affected if a bankruptcy court re-characterizes certain components of our transactions with Caesars in connection with the merger between Eldorado Resorts, Inc. and Caesars in 2020 as a disguised financing transaction, specifically our modifications of the Caesars Las Vegas Master Lease to increase the annual rent payable to us associated with Caesars Palace Las Vegas and Harrah’s Las Vegas. In the event of re-characterization, our claim under a lease agreement with respect to the additional rent acquired in the Caesars-Eldorado transaction could either be secured or unsecured. The bankrupt tenant and other affiliates of Caesars and their creditors under this scenario may have the ability to restructure the terms, including the amount owed to us under the applicable lease with respect to the additional rent, and, if approved by the bankruptcy court, we could be bound by the new terms and prevented from collecting such additional rent acquired in the Caesars-Eldorado transaction from the date of such approval, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

Our business is subject to risks associated with the potential sale or divestiture of properties or assets in the event we elect to pursue such sale or divestiture after an evaluation of our portfolio of businesses, including loss of revenue and lower-than-expected proceeds.

From time to time, we may evaluate our properties and may, as a result, sell or attempt to sell, divest, or spin-off different properties or assets, subject, if applicable, to the terms of the applicable lease agreement. Any such sales or divestitures could affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition, including liquidity and our ability to comply with applicable financial covenants, as well as reduced revenue from the sold or divested properties. Divestitures have inherent risks, including possible delays in closing transactions (including as a result of difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals), the risk of lower-than-expected sales proceeds for the divested assets, and potential post-closing claims for indemnification. In addition, economic conditions, such as high inflation or heightened interest rates, and relatively illiquid real estate markets may result in fewer potential bidders and unsuccessful sales efforts with respect to any potential sales or divestitures.

Our properties and the properties securing our loans are subject to risks from natural disasters and other adverse or extreme weather conditions, including the physical effects of climate change. 

Our properties and the properties securing our loans are subject to risks from natural disasters, other adverse or extreme weather conditions, and associated casualty and condemnation risks. In particular, if any of these scenarios were to occur and result in physical damage to our properties, we may incur material costs to address any such damage and protect or restore such assets (to the extent not covered by our tenants under the terms of our leases or by applicable insurance coverage). Additionally, changes to applicable building and zoning laws, ordinances and codes since the initial construction of our properties may limit a tenant’s ability or increase the cost of construction to restore the premises of a property to its previous condition (or to refurbish, expand or renovate such property to remain compliant) in the event of a substantial casualty loss with respect to the property. If any such developments occur, we may be unable to re-lease the space at a comparable effective rent or sell the property at an acceptable price, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Furthermore, the effects of climate change may increase the frequency of significant or extreme weather events and result in other impacts, such as rising sea levels, water shortages, and increased average temperatures. With respect to our property portfolio, we believe that flooding, water stress/drought and heat stress pose the greatest material risk from the effects of climate change, although the nature and degree of these risks varies by geographic location and other factors. For example, in Las Vegas and the surrounding region, a significant majority of water is sourced from the Colorado River and water levels in Lake Mead, which serves as a reservoir, have steadily declined in recent years (with a partial recovery since 2022), resulting in various regulatory bodies pursuing water conservation initiatives. Severe drought or prolonged water stress experienced in Las Vegas and the surrounding region or in the other regions in which we own properties, as well as the potential impact of regulatory efforts to address such conditions, could adversely affect the business and financial results of the tenants operating at our properties in such regions. 

Any natural disasters, adverse or extreme weather conditions, or other climate-related events may result in a decrease in demand and/or a decrease in rent for our properties located in the areas affected by these conditions or affect consumer behaviors, preferences and spending, which may adversely impact the viability of our tenants’ operations and continued investment in our properties, our tenants’ and borrowers’ ability to fulfill their obligations to us, or the value of our properties 

23

Table of Contents

and our ability to re-lease such properties in the future, all of which may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Our business is subject to risks associated with environmental compliance, including as a result of climate change laws and regulations and the transition to a lower carbon economy, and potential costs and liabilities associated with such compliance may materially impair the value of certain real estate properties owned by us.

As an owner of real property, we are subject to various federal, state and local environmental and health and safety laws and regulations. In recent years, the assessment of the potential impact of climate change has begun to impact the activities of government authorities, the pattern of consumer behavior and other areas that impact the business environment. Certain jurisdictions in which our properties are located have enacted or plan to implement additional building and zoning laws, ordinances or codes relating to building performance standards, such as those intended to reduce energy emissions, which we may be subject to as the owner of record. Based on our most recent analysis completed in early 2025, twelve of our leased properties are currently subject to energy benchmarking and/or building performance standards due to their location. The promulgation of additional policies, laws or regulations relating to climate change by governmental authorities in the markets in which we own properties may result in, among other things, increased costs to adapt to the demands and expectations of climate change or lower carbon usage, retrofitting properties to be more energy efficient or comply with new rules or regulations, or other unforeseen costs, any of which could adversely impact the value of our properties and our or our tenants’ businesses. 

We do not operate or manage our properties subject to triple-net leases, although we may be held primarily or jointly and severally liable for costs relating to maintaining compliance with such laws, ordinances and codes or the investigation and clean-up of any property from which there has been a release or threatened release of a regulated material (including any damages or costs incurred by the government in connection with such contamination) as well as other affected properties, regardless of whether we knew of or caused the release. Under the lease agreements, our tenants are required to maintain compliance with applicable environmental laws (including applicable building and zoning laws, ordinances and codes) and to indemnify us for certain environmental liabilities (including environmental liabilities they cause); however the costs of such compliance or the amount of such liabilities could exceed the financial ability of the applicable tenant or guarantor to indemnify us. In addition, noncompliance with applicable laws, ordinances and codes or the presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination may adversely affect our ability to sell or lease our properties, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations.

New laws and regulations relating to sustainability and climate change may include specific disclosure requirements or other obligations that may require additional investments and implementation of new practices and reporting processes, all entailing additional compliance costs and risk. Our tenants’ control of our leased properties (which is a fundamental component of the triple-net lease structure) presents challenges with respect to collecting property-level environmental data and metrics and implementing sustainability initiatives (including energy and emissions reduction), which may impact our ability to comply with certain regulatory requirements to which we are or may become subject. If we or our tenants are unable to comply with laws and regulations on climate change, we or they may incur fines and/or penalties and our reputation among our tenants, borrowers and investors may be damaged.

We or our tenants may experience uninsured or underinsured losses, which could result in a significant loss of the capital we have invested in a property, decrease anticipated future revenues or cause us to incur unanticipated expenses.

Our lease agreements generally require that our tenants maintain comprehensive liability, property and business interruption insurance, although such coverage is subject to deductibles and limits on maximum benefits (including limitations on the coverage period for business interruption). When our or our tenants’ current insurance policies expire, we or they, respectively, may encounter difficulty in obtaining or renewing insurance on our properties at the same levels of coverage and under similar terms. Such insurance may be more limited and for some catastrophic risks (for example, earthquake, flood and terrorism) may not be generally available at current levels or on commercially reasonable terms. Furthermore, our or our tenants’ insurance premiums may increase as a result of factors outside our or their respective control, such as changes in the insurance industry overall or the effects of climate change.

In addition, there are certain losses, including losses from environmental liabilities (including the physical effects of climate change), terrorist acts or catastrophic acts of nature, that are not generally insured against in full or in part because it is not deemed economically feasible or prudent to do so. Insurance coverage may not be sufficient to pay the full current market value or current replacement cost of a loss, and the insurance proceeds received might not be adequate to restore the economic position with respect to such property. Inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations and other factors might also make it unfeasible to use insurance proceeds to replace the property after such property has been damaged or destroyed. Furthermore, under such circumstances we may be required under the terms of the MGM Grand/Mandalay Bay JV CMBS loan agreement to contribute all or a portion of insurance proceeds to the repayment of such debt, 

24

Table of Contents

which may prevent us from restoring such properties to their prior state. If the insurance proceeds (after any such required repayment) were insufficient to make the repairs necessary to restore the damaged properties to a condition substantially equivalent to its state immediately prior to the casualty, we or our tenants may not have sufficient liquidity to otherwise fund the repairs and may be required to obtain additional financing, which could materially and adversely affect our or our tenants’ business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. While the tenants under our leases generally indemnify, defend and hold us harmless for the foregoing liabilities, there can be no assurance that the respective tenant will be able to satisfy its obligations to us under the applicable lease agreement. In addition, in certain circumstances, our tenants may elect to reduce insurance coverage or self-insure with respect to certain potential losses, provided, in each case, that such insurance remains in compliance with the applicable terms of our lease agreements. As a result, we cannot make assurances that we or our tenants will be able to fully insure such losses or fully collect, if at all, on claims relating to the properties.

If one of our properties experiences a loss that is uninsured or exceeds policy coverage limits, we could lose the capital invested in the damaged property as well as the anticipated future cash flows from the property. In addition, even if damage to our properties is covered by insurance, a disruption of business caused by a casualty event may result in loss of revenue for our tenants as any business interruption insurance may not fully compensate them for such loss of revenue. If one of our tenants experiences such a loss, it may be unable to satisfy its payment obligations to us under its lease with us. If any of the foregoing were to occur, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations.

Terrorist attacks or other acts of violence may affect our properties or our tenants’ businesses and operations at such properties.

Terrorist attacks or other acts of violence, including elevated crime rates, may result in declining economic activity or changes in consumer behavior, which could harm the demand for services offered by our tenants and the value of our properties or collateral (including through damage, destruction or loss) and make it difficult for us to renew or re-lease our properties to suitable, credit-worthy tenants at lease rates equal to or above historical rates. These events might erode business and consumer confidence and spending and result in increased volatility in national and international financial markets and economies. To the extent that any of our tenants or borrowers are affected by future terrorist attacks, acts of violence or crime, their business could be adversely affected, including their ability to continue to meet their obligations to us. Any one of these events might decrease demand for real estate, decrease or delay the occupancy of our properties, limit our access to capital, increase our cost of raising capital or otherwise materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, and prospects.

The loss of the services of key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Our success and ability to grow depends, in large part, upon the leadership and performance of our executive management team, particularly our Chief Executive Officer, our President and Chief Operating Officer, our Chief Financial Officer and our General Counsel. Any unforeseen loss of our executive officers’ services, or any negative market or industry perception with respect to them or arising from their loss, could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. We do not have key man or similar life insurance policies covering members of our executive management. We have employment agreements with our executive officers, but these agreements do not guarantee that any given executive will remain with us, and there can be no assurance that any such officers will remain with us. In addition, the appointment or replacement of certain key members of our executive management team may be subject to regulatory approvals based upon suitability determinations by gaming regulatory authorities in certain of the jurisdictions where our properties are located. If any of our executive officers is found unsuitable by any such gaming regulatory authorities, or if we otherwise lose their services, we would have to find alternative candidates and may not be able to successfully manage our business or achieve our business objectives, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

We face risks associated with cybersecurity incidents and other significant disruptions of our information technology (IT) networks and related systems or those IT networks and systems of third parties.

We use our own IT networks and related systems to access, store, transmit, and manage or support a variety of our business processes and information and face risks associated with cybersecurity incidents and other disruptions of our IT networks and related systems, including as a result of cybersecurity attacks or intrusions over the internet, malware or ransomware, computer phishing attempts and other forms of social engineering. We have experienced cybersecurity events such as viruses, phishing attempts and attacks on our IT systems, although none of these events have had a material impact on our business, operations or financial results to date. These and future cybersecurity incidents or other disruptions may be caused by individuals within our organization, individuals outside our organization with authorized access, or by unauthorized individuals from outside our organization. The risk of such incidents, particularly through cyber attacks or intrusions, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally continued to increase due to the growing number, intensity, and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions worldwide. Although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of our IT 

25

Table of Contents

networks and related systems and have implemented various measures to manage these risks, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted cybersecurity incidents or disruptions would not be successful or damaging to our operations. A cybersecurity incident or significant disruption involving our IT networks and related systems could, among other things: (i) disrupt the proper functioning of our networks and systems; (ii) result in misstated financial reports, violations of financial and reporting covenants and/or missed reporting deadlines; (iii) lead to our inability to monitor or maintain compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements; (iv) result in unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information, which unauthorized parties could use for competitive purposes or disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful outcomes; (v) require significant management attention and resources to address or remedy any resulting damages; (vi) expose us to litigation, including claims for breach of contract, damages, credits, penalties or termination of certain agreements; (vii) subject us to regulatory scrutiny, including civil or criminal penalties, fines, injunctive orders, investigations, and enforcement actions; and (viii) damage our reputation among our tenants, borrowers and investors. Any or all of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and prospects, including the value of our common stock and our ability to make distributions. Additionally, increased regulation of data collection, use, and retention practices, including self-regulation and industry standards, changes in existing laws and regulations, enactment of new laws and regulations, increased enforcement activity, and changes in the interpretation of laws, could increase our compliance and operational costs or otherwise harm our business.

In the conduct of our business, we and our tenants rely on relationships with third parties, including cloud data storage and other information technology service providers, contractors, and other external business partners, for certain functions or services in support of key portions of our operations. These third-party entities are subject to similar risks relating to cybersecurity, business interruption, and systems and employee failures and a significant system failure or attack against such third-party service provider or partner could have a material adverse effect on our business. Certain of these third-party entities have experienced cybersecurity events such as viruses, phishing attempts, attacks and system failures, although none of these events to date have had a material impact on our business, operations or financial results. Although we may be entitled to damages in such event or if relevant third parties otherwise fail to satisfy their security-related obligations to us, any award may be insufficient to cover our damages, or we may be unable to recover such award.

We maintain cybersecurity insurance coverage, although there may be exceptions to our insurance coverage that result in our insurance policies not covering some or all aspects of a cybersecurity incident. Even where a cybersecurity incident is covered by our insurance, the insurance limits may not cover the costs of complete remediation and redress that may be required in the wake of a cybersecurity incident. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage, or results in changes to our insurance policies (including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements), could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and prospects, including the value of our common stock and our ability to make distributions. In addition, we cannot be sure that our existing insurance coverage (including coverage for errors and omissions) will continue to be available on acceptable terms, or at all, or that our insurers will not deny coverage for any future claim.