You should
 be aware that the occurrence of any of the events described in this section and elsewhere in this report or in any other of our filings with the SEC could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, liquidity, results of operations and cash flows. In evaluating us, you should consider carefully, among other things, the risks described below. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face, but do represent those risks and uncertainties that we believe are material to us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we deem immaterial may also harm our business. Some statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. Please refer to the section entitled “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.”

Risks Related to Our Business and Operations

We are and expect to continue to be significantly dependent on our tenants for substantially all of our revenues and, because our tenants are required to pay a significant portion of their cash flow from operations to us pursuant to, and subject to the terms and conditions of, our respective lease agreements and other agreements with them, an event that has a material adverse effect on any of our significant tenants could have a material adverse effect on us.

We depend on our tenants to operate the properties that we own in a manner that generates revenues sufficient to allow the tenants to meet their obligations to us. Our two largest tenants, Caesars and MGM, comprise approximately 76% of our total leasing revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023. In addition, Caesars and MGM are obligated to pay us approximately $1.2 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively, in estimated annual payments for 2024 under our respective agreements with them. Because our leases are triple-net leases, in addition to the rent payment obligations for these tenants, we depend on these tenants to pay substantially all insurance, taxes, utilities and maintenance and repair expenses in connection with these leased properties and to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their businesses. There can be no assurance that our significant tenants will have sufficient assets, income or access to financing to enable them to satisfy their payment and other obligations under their leases with us, or that any applicable guarantor will be able to satisfy its guarantee of the applicable tenant’s obligations.

Our tenants rely on the properties they or their respective subsidiaries own and/or operate for income to satisfy their obligations, including their debt service requirements and rental and other payments due to us or others and these payments constitute a significant portion of their cash flow from operations. If income at our leased properties were to significantly decline for any reason, or if a tenant’s debt service requirements were to significantly increase or if their creditworthiness were to become impaired for any reason, a tenant or any applicable guarantor may become unable or unwilling to satisfy its payment and other obligations under their leases or other agreements with us. The inability or unwillingness of a significant tenant to meet its payment or other obligations under a lease or other payment obligation with us could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, or results of operations, including our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Additionally, these obligations may limit our tenants’ ability to fund their operations or development projects, raise capital, make acquisitions, and otherwise respond to competitive and economic changes by making investments to maintain and grow their portfolio of businesses and properties, which may adversely affect their competitiveness and the ability of their applicable subsidiaries and guarantors to satisfy their obligations to us under the applicable lease agreements and the related guarantees, respectively. Moreover, given the importance of our significant tenants to our business, a failure on the part of a significant tenant to maintain its business performance or experience any deterioration of its creditworthiness could materially and adversely affect us, even in the absence of a default under our agreements with such tenant.

Due to our dependence on rental and other payments from our significant tenants as our primary source of revenue, we may be limited in our ability to enforce our rights under our lease agreements or other agreements with our significant tenants or terminate such other agreements or, due to our predominantly master lease structure, certain leases with respect to any particular property. Failure by our significant tenants to comply with the terms of their respective leases or to comply with the gaming regulations to which the leased properties are subject could result in, among other things, the termination of an applicable Lease Agreement, requiring us to find another tenant for such property, to the extent possible, or a decrease or cessation of rental payments by such tenants, as the case may be. In such event, we may lose our interest in a property subject to an applicable ground lease or be unable to locate a suitable, creditworthy tenant at similar rental rates or at all, which would have the effect of reducing our rental revenue and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and the value of our common stock.

17

Table of Cont
ents

We are dependent on the gaming industry and may be susceptible to risks associated with it, including heightened competition, changes in consumer behavior and discretionary spending as a result of an economic slowdown, increased inflation, rising interest rates, or otherwise, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects.

As the landlord and owner of gaming facilities, we are impacted by risks associated with the gaming industry, which is characterized by a high degree of competition among a large number of participants, including land-based casinos, riverboat casinos, dockside casinos, video lottery, sweepstakes and poker machines not located in casinos, Native American gaming, emerging varieties of internet gaming, sports betting and other forms of gaming in the United States and, in a broader sense, gaming operators face competition from all manner of leisure and entertainment activities. Gaming competition is intense in most of the markets where our facilities are located. In recent years, there has been additional significant competition in the gaming industry as a result of, among other things, the upgrading or expansion of facilities by existing market participants, the entrance of new gaming participants into a market, increased internet gaming and sports betting or legislative changes in various jurisdictions. As competing properties and new markets are opened, 
our tenants’ businesses may be adversely impacted and 
we may be negatively impacted. 
Additionally, the casino entertainment industry represents a significant source of tax revenues to the various jurisdictions in which casinos operate. From time to time, various state and federal legislators and officials have proposed changes in tax laws, or in the administration of such laws, including increases in tax rates, which would affect the industry. If adopted, such changes could adversely impact the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of our gaming tenants, including our significant tenants.

Historically, economic indicators such as GDP growth, consumer confidence and employment are correlated with demand for gaming, entertainment and leisure properties, including casinos and racetracks, and economic recessions, contractions or slowdowns have generally led to a decrease in discretionary spending on associated leisure activities. Decreases in discretionary spending or changing consumer preferences and weakened general economic conditions such as, but not limited to, recessions, lackluster recoveries from recessions, contractions, high unemployment levels, higher income taxes, inflation, low levels of consumer confidence, weakness in the housing market, cultural and demographic changes, instability in global, national and regional economic activity and increased stock market volatility have historically resulted in material adverse effects on leisure and business travel, discretionary spending and other areas of economic behavior that directly impact the gaming industry and, as a result, may negatively impact our business, financial condition, and operating cash flows. Other factors over which we and our tenants have no control, including public health crises, labor shortages, travel restrictions, supply chain disruptions and property closures, may also adversely affect the gaming industry. 

Therefore, so long as our investments are concentrated in gaming-related assets, our success is dependent on the gaming industry. As we are subject to risks inherent in substantial investments in a single industry, a decrease in the gaming business would likely have a greater adverse effect on us than if we owned a more diversified real estate portfolio, particularly because, among other things, a component of the rent under certain of the lease agreements will be based, over time, on the performance of the gaming facilities operated by our tenants on our properties. As a result of such dependence on the gaming industry, the immediate and long-term effects of the foregoing on the gaming industry could be material and adverse to our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 

Because a concentrated portion of our revenues are generated from the Las Vegas Strip, we are subject to greater risks than a company that is more geographically diversified.

Our properties on the Las Vegas Strip generated approximately 49% of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023 and we expect this concentration to continue in the foreseeable future. Therefore, our business may be significantly affected by risks common to the Las Vegas tourism industry. For example, the cost and availability of air services and the availability of interstate highway travel to Las Vegas, as well as the impact of any events that disrupt travel to and from Las Vegas can adversely affect the business of our tenants with operations in Las Vegas, who rely on domestic and international tourism for a significant portion of their visitors to our properties in Las Vegas. Additionally, work stoppages and other labor unrest, strikes or other business interruptions in Las Vegas could impact our tenants’ operations at our properties on the Las Vegas Strip. Moreover, due to the importance of our properties on the Las Vegas Strip, we may be disproportionately affected by general risks such as acts of terrorism, natural disasters, including major fires, floods and earthquakes, severe or inclement weather, and climate change impacts, including heat stress, water stress, and drought, should such developments occur in or nearby, or otherwise impact, Las Vegas. 

18

Table of Cont
ents

Our pursuit of acquisitions of, and investments in, experiential assets and other strategic opportunities are in a highly competitive industry and may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations, and we may not identify all potential costs and liabilities in connection with such acquisitions or investments. 

We intend to continue to pursue acquisitions of, and investments in, gaming, hospitality, wellness, entertainment and leisure sector properties and activities directly related thereto, which we refer to as “experiential assets”, and other strategic opportunities. However, we operate in a highly competitive industry and face competition from other REITs, investment companies, private equity firms and hedge funds, sovereign funds, lenders, gaming companies and other investors, some of whom are larger and have greater resources, access to capital and lower costs of capital or different investment parameters. Increased competition will make it more challenging to identify and successfully capitalize on transaction opportunities that meet our investment objectives, including with respect to experiential assets and other strategic opportunities. If we cannot identify and purchase or make investments in a sufficient quantity of gaming properties and other experiential properties at favorable prices or if we are unable to finance transactions on commercially favorable terms, our business, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. Additionally, the fact that we must distribute 90% of our REIT taxable income in order to maintain our qualification as a REIT may limit our ability to rely upon rental payments from our leased properties or subsequently acquired properties in order to finance these strategic investments and transactions. As a result, if debt or equity financing is not available on acceptable terms, further transactions might be limited or curtailed.

Pursuant to our investment strategy, we may often be engaged in evaluating potential transactions and other strategic alternatives, including through discussions with potential counterparties. We anticipate that the investigation of such transactions and strategic alternatives, including the negotiation, drafting, and execution of relevant agreements with respect to such transactions and strategic alternatives, will require substantial management time and attention and may impose substantial costs for financial advisors, accountants, attorneys and other advisors. If a decision is made not to proceed with a specific transaction, or if we fail to consummate a transaction for any reason, including those beyond our control, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable and significant management time will have been lost, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Additionally, we may not identify all potential costs and liabilities in the course of our due diligence in connection with these opportunities. In the event that a cost or liability is not adequately identified in the course of such due diligence or addressed in the course of negotiating such transaction, we may not fully realize the anticipated benefit of such transaction, if at all, or our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Further, even if we are able to acquire or invest in additional properties in the future, there is no guarantee that such properties will be able to maintain their historical performance or achieve their projected performance, which may prevent the ability of our tenants to pay the partial or total amount of the required lease payments under the respective lease agreements or our borrowers to fulfill their payment obligations under the applicable agreement. In addition, our financing of these acquisitions and investments could negatively impact our cash flows and liquidity, require us to incur substantial debt or involve the issuance of new equity, which would be dilutive to existing stockholders. Due to market considerations and in light of the timing typically required to obtain regulatory approvals for gaming transactions, any such financing may take place substantially in advance of closing of such transaction (and the receipt of rent or other payments under a lease or other applicable agreement) and negatively impact our operating results during such period. In addition, we cannot make assurances that we will be successful in implementing our business and growth strategies or that any additional transactions will improve our operating results. The failure to identify and acquire or invest in new properties effectively, or the failure of any acquired properties to perform as expected, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders.

We and our tenants face extensive regulation from gaming and other regulatory authorities, and our charter provides that any of our shares held by investors who are found to be unsuitable by state gaming regulatory authorities are subject to redemption.

The ownership, operation, and management of gaming and racing facilities are subject to extensive regulation by one or more gaming authorities in each applicable jurisdiction where gaming and racing facilities are permitted. These gaming and racing regulations impact our gaming and racing tenants and persons associated with our gaming and racing facilities, which in many jurisdictions include us as the landlord and owner of the real estate. Certain gaming authorities may require us and/or our affiliates to maintain certain licenses or be found suitable as a landlord, and certain of our stockholders, officers and directors may be required to be found suitable as well. Gaming regulatory authorities also have broad powers with respect to the licensing of casino operations and, under certain circumstances, gaming authorities may revoke, suspend, condition or limit the gaming or other licenses of us or our tenants, impose substantial fines or take other actions, any one of which could adversely impact the business, financial condition and results of operations of us or our tenants.

19

Table of Cont
ents

In many jurisdictions, gaming laws can require certain of our stockholders to file an application, be investigated, and qualify or have such person or entity’s suitability determined by gaming authorities. Gaming authorities have very broad discretion in determining whether a stockholder is required to file an application and whether an applicant should be deemed suitable. Gaming authorities may conduct investigations into the conduct or associations of our directors, officers, key employees or investors to ensure compliance with applicable standards. If we are required to be found suitable and are found suitable as a landlord, we will be registered as a public company with the gaming authorities and will be subject to disciplinary action if, after we receive notice that a person is unsuitable to be a stockholder or to have any other relationship with us, we engage in certain transactions with that stockholder or fail to cause that stockholder to relinquish his or her securities. Our charter provides that all of our shares held by investors who are found to be unsuitable by regulatory authorities are subject to redemption upon our receipt of notice of such finding. 

Many jurisdictions also require any person who acquires beneficial ownership of more than a certain percentage of voting securities of a gaming company and, in some jurisdictions, non-voting securities, typically 5% of a publicly traded company, to report the acquisition to gaming authorities, and gaming authorities may require such holders to apply for qualification, licensure or a finding of suitability, subject to limited exceptions for “institutional investors” that hold a company’s securities for passive investment purposes only. Our outstanding shares of capital stock are held subject to applicable gaming laws. Any person owning or controlling at least 5% of the outstanding shares of any class of our capital stock is required to promptly notify us of such person’s identity and apply for qualification, licensure, finding of suitability, or an institutional investor waiver, as applicable. 
Some jurisdictions may also limit the number of gaming licenses in which a person may hold an ownership or a controlling interest.

Additionally, because we and our tenants are subject to regulation in numerous jurisdictions, and because regulatory agencies within each jurisdiction review compliance with gaming laws in other jurisdictions, it is possible that gaming compliance issues in one jurisdiction may lead to reviews and compliance issues in other jurisdictions. The loss of gaming licenses by our tenants could result in, among other things, the cessation of operations at one or more of the facilities we lease to such tenants. The loss of gaming licenses by us could result in, among other things, an event of default under certain of our indebtedness, and cross-default provisions in our debt agreements could cause an event of default under one debt agreement to trigger an event of default under our other debt agreements. 

Finally, substantially all material loans, significant acquisitions, leases, sales of securities and similar financing transactions by us and our subsidiaries must be reported to, and in some cases approved by, gaming authorities in advance of the transaction. Changes in control through merger, consolidation, stock or asset acquisitions, management or consulting agreements, or otherwise may be subject to receipt of prior approval of certain gaming authorities. Entities seeking to acquire control of us or one of our subsidiaries (and certain of our affiliates) must satisfy gaming authorities with respect to a variety of stringent standards prior to assuming control. Failure to satisfy the stringent licensing standards may preclude entities from acquiring an ownership or a controlling interest in us or one of our subsidiaries (and certain of our affiliates) and/or require the entities to divest such interest.

Required regulatory approvals can delay or prohibit transfers of our gaming properties or the consummation of transactions (including pursuant to our put-call and right of first refusal agreements), which could result in periods in which we are unable to receive rent related to, or otherwise realize the benefits of, such transactions, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects.

Our gaming tenants are (and any pending and future tenants of our gaming properties will be) required to be licensed under applicable law in order to operate any of our properties as gaming facilities. If the lease agreements for our gaming properties are terminated (which could be required by a regulatory agency) or expire, any new tenant must be licensed and receive other regulatory approvals to operate our properties as gaming facilities. Any delay in, or inability of, the new tenant to receive required licenses and other regulatory approvals from the applicable state and county government agencies may prolong the period during which we are unable to collect the applicable rent. Further, in the event that the lease agreements for our gaming properties are terminated or expire and a new tenant is not licensed or fails to receive other regulatory approvals, the properties may not be operated as gaming facilities and we will not be able to collect the applicable rent. Moreover, we may be unable to transfer or sell the affected properties as gaming facilities, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 

In addition, given the highly regulated nature of the gaming industry, any future transactions we enter into (including pursuant to our put-call, right of first offer and right of first refusal agreements) are likely to be subject to regulatory approval in one or more jurisdictions, including with respect to any transfers in ownership, operating licensure or other regulatory considerations. If the consummation of a transaction (including with respect to the future entry into a new lease agreement) is delayed or prohibited by regulatory authorities, we may be limited or otherwise unable to realize the benefits of the proposed transaction.

20

Table of Cont
ents

We are subject to additional risks due to our international investments and acquisitions, including properties that we own, or may acquire in the future, outside the United States.

The value of the PURE Portfolio, the Century Canadian Portfolio and any other properties in which we invest or acquire in non-U.S. jurisdictions may be affected by factors specific to the laws and business practices of such jurisdictions. The laws and business practices of foreign jurisdictions may expose us to risks that are different from and in addition to those commonly found in the United States, including, but not limited to, the following: (i) the burden of complying with non-U.S. laws, including land use and zoning laws or more stringent environmental laws; (ii) existing or new laws relating to the foreign ownership of real property and laws restricting our ability to repatriate earnings and cash into the United States; (iii) the potential for expropriation; (iv) adverse effects of changes in the exchange rate between U.S. dollars and foreign currencies in which revenue is generated at our properties outside the United States; (v) imposition of adverse or confiscatory taxes, changes in income and other tax rates or laws and changes in other operating expenses in such foreign jurisdictions; (vi) possible challenges to the anticipated tax treatment of our revenue and our properties; (vii) the potential difficulty of enforcing rights and obligations in other countries; and (viii) our more limited experience and expertise in foreign countries relative to our experience and expertise in the United States.

Under certain of our lease agreements, rent is payable in foreign currencies with respect to some or all of the properties under the applicable lease agreements. In addition, we have incurred and may continue to incur indebtedness that is denominated in foreign currencies to fund our international investments, including, for the PURE Portfolio and Century Canadian Portfolio acquisitions. As of December 31, 2023, we had an aggregate of $173.8 million in outstanding debt under our Revolving Credit Facility, including portions denominated in Canadian dollars and Great British Pounds (based on the applicable exchange rates as of December 31, 2023). As a result, we are subject to foreign currency risk due to potential fluctuations in exchange rates between these foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar. A significant change in the value of the foreign currency of one or more countries where we have a significant investment or receive significant rental revenue may have a material adverse effect on our business and, specifically, our U.S. dollar reported financial condition and results of operations. While we may enter into hedging and other derivatives instruments to mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, we may not realize the anticipated benefits from these arrangements or these arrangements may be insufficient to mitigate our exposure. 

Our long-term, triple-net leases include rent escalations over specified periods that will generally continue to apply regardless of the amount of cash flows generated by the properties subject to such lease agreements, and such lease agreements may not result in fair market lease rates over time, which could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and reduce the amount of funds available to make distributions to stockholders.

All of our rental revenue and a substantial majority of our total revenue is generated from our long-term triple-net lease agreements and, consistent with typical triple-net leases, our lease agreements have longer lease terms, with a weighted average lease term (inclusive of extension options) of all of our lease agreements as of December 31, 2023 of 41.3 years. See 
Item 1 “Business-Our Lease Agreements”

 and 
Item 1 “Business-Our Relationship with Caesars and MGM”

 for additional information regarding such agreements. Our lease agreements contain annual escalation provisions, certain of which are tied to changes in CPI (or similar metrics with respect to other geographies), although these annual escalators in some cases do not apply until future periods as specified under the applicable lease agreements. In addition, certain of these annual escalators are subject to a maximum cap, which could result in lower rent escalation than any such CPI increase in a single year or over a longer period. For example, under the MGM Master Lease, the escalator is fixed at 2.0% for years two through ten of the MGM Master Lease and, for the remainder of the term, the escalator is the greater of 2.0% and CPI, subject to a 3.0% cap. Inflation as measured by changes in CPI increased at an average of 3.4% in 2023. Accordingly, there is a risk that contractual rental increases in future years will fail to result in fair market rental rates during those years. Sustained inflation rates that are above any CPI escalator cap could, over time, result in our receiving rental income below fair market lease rates, which could adversely impact the fair value of the assets, our results of operations and cash flows. 

In addition, the annual rent escalations under the lease agreements over specified periods will generally continue to apply regardless of the amount of cash flows generated by the properties that are subject to such lease agreements. Accordingly, if the cash flows generated by such properties decrease, do not increase at the same rate as the rent escalations, or do not increase as anticipated in connection with any capital improvement projects, the rents payable under such lease agreements will comprise a higher percentage of the cash flows generated by the applicable tenant and its subsidiaries, which could make it more difficult for the applicable tenants to meet their payment obligations to us under the lease agreements and could ultimately adversely affect any applicable guarantor’s ability to satisfy their respective obligations to us under the related guarantees. Finally, our tenants may choose not to renew our lease agreements at the end of the initial lease term or any additional renewal term thereafter. If a lease agreement expires without renewal and we are not able to find suitable, credit-worthy tenants to replace the previous tenants on the same or more attractive terms, our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected, including our ability to make distributions to our stockholders at the then 

21

Table of Cont
ents

current level, or at all. As a result, our results of operations and cash flows and distributions to our stockholders could be lower than they would otherwise be if we did not enter into long-term triple net leases, or entered into such leases on different terms.

Our ability to sell, dispose of and use our properties may be limited by the contractual terms of our lease agreements, tax protection agreements or other agreements with our tenants, or otherwise impacted by matters relating to our real estate ownership.

Our ability to sell or dispose of our properties may be hindered by, among other things, the fact that such properties are subject to the lease agreements, as the terms of the lease agreements require that a purchaser assume the lease agreements or, in certain cases, enter into a severance lease with the tenants for the sold property on substantially the same terms as contained in the applicable lease agreement, which may make our properties less attractive to a potential buyer than alternative properties that may be for sale. Additionally, our properties may be subject to use restrictions and/or operational requirements imposed pursuant to ground leases, restrictive covenants or conditions, reciprocal easement agreements or operating agreements or other instruments that could, among other things, adversely affect our ability to lease space to third parties, enforce our rights as a lender and otherwise realize additional value from these properties. In connection with certain of our transactions, including the MGP Transactions (as defined in 
Note 3 - R
eal Estate Transactions

), we entered into tax protection agreements which could limit our ability to sell or otherwise dispose of the subject property or properties contributed to us, and we may enter into such agreements in the future. Therefore, although it may be in the best interests of our stockholders for us to sell a certain property, it may be economically prohibitive for us to do so during the specified period because of a tax protection agreement. 

For example, in connection with the MGP Transactions, we entered into the MGM Tax Protection Agreement pursuant to which, subject to certain exceptions, we agreed to indemnify the Protected Parties (as defined in the MGM Tax Protection Agreement) for certain tax liabilities, during the Protected Period (as defined in the MGM Tax Protection Agreement), resulting from (i) the sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition of Protected Property (as defined in the MGM Tax Protection Agreement), (ii) a merger, consolidation, or transfer of all of the assets of, or certain other transactions undertaken by us pursuant to which the ownership interests of the Protected Parties in VICI OP are required to be exchanged in whole or in part for cash or other property, (iii) the failure of VICI OP to maintain approximately $8.5 billion of nonrecourse indebtedness allocable to the Protected Parties, which amount may be reduced over time in accordance with the MGM Tax Protection Agreement, and (iv) the failure of VICI OP or us to comply with certain tax covenants that would impact the tax liabilities of the Protected Parties. In addition, the MGM Grand/Mandalay Bay JV previously entered into a tax protection agreement with MGM with respect to built-in gain and debt maintenance related to MGM Grand Las Vegas and Mandalay Bay, which is effective through mid-2029, and by acquiring MGP and subsequently the remaining 49.9% interest in the MGM Grand/Mandalay Bay JV, we bear any indemnity under this existing tax protection agreement. In the event that we breach restrictions in these agreements, we will be liable for grossed-up tax amounts associated with the income or gain recognized as a result of such breach. 

We are exposed to risks related to our properties that are subject to ground and use lease arrangements which could adversely affect our results of operations.

We are and may in the future be the lessee under long-term ground lease arrangements at certain of our properties or make investments into properties that are subject to long-term ground lease arrangements. Unless we purchase a fee interest in the underlying land and/or buildings subject to the leases, we will not own such properties or portions of such properties, as the case may be. Furthermore, unless we extend the terms of these ground and use leases prior to expiration, we will no longer have rights with respect to these properties or portions of the properties, as the case may be, upon expiration of the applicable ground leases, which could impact our tenant’s ability to operate the property, to the extent the portions of property covered under the applicable ground and/or use lease are material to the operations of the property, and our rights and obligations under applicable lease agreements, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, payments under such leasehold interests may be periodically adjusted pursuant to the relevant contractual arrangements and may result in significantly higher rents, and while such payments are the responsibility of our tenants under the respective lease agreements, such increases could adversely affect us and our tenants’ business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, due to the greater risk in a loan secured by a leasehold interest than a loan secured by a fee interest, we face risks related to our investments secured by a leasehold interest, including if the borrower were to default under the terms of our loan or violate the terms of such ground lease.

We may not be able to purchase properties pursuant to our rights under certain agreements, including put-call, call right, right of first refusal agreements and right of first offer agreements, including if we are unable to obtain additional financing.

Pursuant to certain put-call agreements, call agreements, right of first refusal agreements and right of first offer agreements, as further described in 
Item 1 "Business

-

Our Embedded Growth Pipeline"
,

 we have certain rights to purchase the properties 

22

Table of Cont
ents

subject to these agreements, subject to the terms and conditions included in each agreement with respect to each property. In many cases, the counterparties to these agreements are not obligated to sell the applicable properties and our right to purchase these properties under these agreements may never be triggered. Additionally, in order to exercise these rights and any similar rights we obtain in the future or to fulfill our obligations with respect to certain put rights, we would likely be required to secure additional financing and our substantial level of indebtedness or other factors could limit our ability to do so on attractive terms, or at all. If we are unable to obtain financing on terms acceptable to us, we may not be able to exercise these rights and acquire these properties, or to fulfill our obligations with respect to certain put rights. Even if financing with acceptable terms is available to us, we may not exercise any of these rights. Further, each of the transactions remains subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable agreements, including with respect to due diligence, applicable regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. 

These agreements are subject to additional terms and conditions that may be disadvantageous to us. For example, the put-call agreement with respect to the Caesars Forum Convention Center also provides that if Caesars exercises their put right and, among other things, the sale of the Caesars Forum Convention Center to us does not close, under certain circumstances, a repurchase right in favor of Caesars, which, if exercised, would result in the sale of the Harrah’s Las Vegas property by us to Caesars. Such a sale may be at disadvantageous terms and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects.

The bankruptcy or insolvency of any tenant, borrower or guarantor could result in the termination of the lease agreements, the related guarantees or loan agreements and certain lease agreements being re-characterized as disguised financing transactions, resulting in material losses to us.

We are subject to the credit risk of our tenants and borrowers in connection with the rental and other obligations owed to us under applicable leases, guarantees, and other financing agreements. We cannot provide assurances that our tenants and borrowers will not default on their obligations and fail to make payments to us. If our tenants and borrowers are unable to meet their financial obligations, including making rental or loan payments to us, as applicable, such inability may result in their bankruptcy or insolvency. In addition, in the event of a bankruptcy of our tenants, borrowers or their respective guarantors, any claim for damages under the applicable lease, loan agreement or guarantee may not be paid in full. For these and other reasons, the bankruptcy of one or more of our tenants, borrowers or their respective guarantors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects.

Furthermore, with respect to tenants whose obligations are guaranteed by a single guarantor (including Caesars and MGM), although the tenants’ performance and payments are guaranteed, a default by the applicable tenant, or by the guarantor with respect to its guarantee, may cause a default under certain circumstances with regard to the entire portfolio covered by the respective lease agreements. In event of such a default, there can be no assurances that the tenants or the guarantor would assume the applicable lease agreements or the related guarantees, and if such lease agreements or guarantees were rejected, the tenant or the guarantor, as applicable, may not have sufficient funds to pay the damages that would be owed to us as a result of the rejection and we might not be able to find a replacement tenant on the same or better terms.

In addition, if Caesars declares bankruptcy, our business could be materially and adversely affected if a bankruptcy court re-characterizes certain components of our transactions with Caesars in connection with the merger between Eldorado Resorts, Inc. and Caesars in 2020 as a disguised financing transaction, specifically our modifications of the Caesars Las Vegas Master Lease to increase the annual rent payable to us associated with Caesars Palace Las Vegas and Harrah’s Las Vegas. In the event of re-characterization, our claim under a lease agreement with respect to the additional rent acquired in the Caesars Transaction could either be secured or unsecured. The bankrupt tenant and other affiliates of Caesars and their creditors under this scenario might have the ability to restructure the terms, including the amount owed to us under the applicable lease with respect to the additional rent, and, if approved by the bankruptcy court, we could be bound by the new terms and prevented from collecting such additional rent acquired in the Caesars Transaction, and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.

We may sell or divest different properties or assets after an evaluation of our portfolio of businesses. Such sales or divestitures could affect our costs, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.

From time to time, we may evaluate our properties and may, as a result, sell or attempt to sell, divest, or spin-off different properties or assets, subject, if applicable, to the terms of the lease agreements. For example, in 2020 and 2021, we, together with Caesars, sold Harrah’s Reno, Bally’s Atlantic City and Harrah’s Louisiana Downs in accordance with the terms of the Caesars Regional Master Lease. These sales or divestitures could affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and our ability to comply with applicable financial covenants. Divestitures have inherent risks, including possible delays in closing transactions (including potential difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals), the risk of lower-than-expected sales proceeds for the divested assets, and potential post-closing claims for indemnification. In addition, economic 

23

Table of Cont
ents

conditions, such as high inflation or rising interest rates, and relatively illiquid real estate markets may result in fewer potential bidders and unsuccessful sales efforts with respect to potential sales or divestitures.

Our properties and the properties securing our loans are subject to risks from climate change, natural disasters, other adverse or extreme weather conditions, casualty and condemnation risks, and terrorist attacks or other acts of violence, the occurrence of which may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

Pursuant to an assessment from a third-party environmental consultant in 2022, we evaluated the degree of risk to which our individual properties and overall portfolio are subject due to the potential impact of flooding, heat stress, water stress, drought, extreme winds, wildfires, and seismic events, as well as other extreme weather conditions caused by climate change and determined that our properties and our borrowers’ properties secured as collateral are located in areas that may be subject to risks from climate change, natural disasters and adverse or extreme weather conditions, and therefore are subject to varying degrees of risk with respect to these potential impacts. The assessment determined that our properties are subject to varying degrees of risk with respect to these potential impacts and, with respect to our overall portfolio, we determined that flooding, water stress and heat stress pose the greatest material risk to our properties, including: (i) water stress and heat stress risks at our Nevada properties; (ii) flooding, heat stress and wind risks at our properties in the Southeast United States; (iii) flooding and heat stress risks in the Midwest United States; and (iv) flooding risks at our properties in the Northeast United States and West Virginia. Such natural disasters or weather conditions may decrease the value of our properties through physical damage, a decrease in economic activity and demand and/or a decrease in rent for the properties located in the areas affected by these conditions and may adversely affect the viability of our tenants’ operations and continued investment in our properties, as well as the value of such properties. In Las Vegas and the surrounding region, a significant majority of water is sourced from the Colorado River and water levels in Lake Mead, which serves as a reservoir, have steadily declined in recent years (with a partial recovery in 2023), resulting in various regulatory bodies pursuing water conservation initiatives. Severe drought or prolonged water stress experienced in Las Vegas and the surrounding region or in the other regions in which we own properties, as well as the potential impact of regulatory efforts to address such conditions, could adversely affect the business and financial results of the tenants operating at our properties in such regions. 

Although the tenants and borrowers, as applicable, are required to maintain both property and business interruption insurance coverage under the applicable lease agreements, such coverage is subject to deductibles and limits on maximum benefits, including limitation on the coverage period for business interruption. In addition, there are certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, hurricanes and floods, that may be uninsurable or not economically insurable. As a result, we cannot make assurances that we or our tenants will be able to fully insure such losses or fully collect, if at all, on claims resulting from such climate change impacts, natural disasters and extreme weather conditions. If any of the climate and extreme weather scenarios described above were to occur, we may incur material costs to address these conditions and protect such assets (to the extent not covered by our tenants under the terms of our leases). 
Insurance coverage may not be sufficient to pay the full current market value or current replacement cost of a loss, and the insurance proceeds received might not be adequate to restore the economic position with respect to such property.
 If we experience a loss that is uninsured or that exceeds our policy coverage limits, we could lose the capital invested in the damaged properties as well as the anticipated future cash flows from those properties. Furthermore, under such circumstances we may be required under the terms of the MGM Grand/Mandalay Bay JV CMBS loan agreement to contribute all or a portion of insurance proceeds to the repayment of such debt, which may prevent us from restoring such properties to their prior state. If the insurance proceeds (after any such required repayment) were insufficient to make the repairs necessary to restore the damaged properties to a condition substantially equivalent to its state immediately prior to the casualty, we or our tenants may not have sufficient liquidity to otherwise fund the repairs and may be required to obtain additional financing, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. Furthermore, our insurance premiums may increase as a result of the threat of climate change or the effects of climate change may not be covered by our insurance policies. In addition, changes in federal and state legislation and regulations on climate change could result in increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our existing properties or other related aspects of our properties in order to comply with such regulations or otherwise adapt to climate change. 

Additionally, changes to applicable building and zoning laws, ordinances and codes since the initial construction of our properties may limit a tenant’s ability to restore the premises of a property to its previous condition in the event of a substantial casualty loss with respect to the property or the ability to refurbish, expand or renovate such property to remain compliant, or increase the cost of construction in order to comply with changes in building or zoning codes and regulations. If a tenant is unable to restore a property to its prior use after a substantial casualty loss or is required to comply with more stringent building or zoning codes and regulations, we may be unable to re-lease the space at a comparable effective rent or sell the property at an acceptable price, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects.

24

Table of Cont
ents

Terrorist attacks or other acts of violence, including increasing crime rates, may result in declining economic activity, which could harm the demand for services offered by our tenants and the value of our properties or collateral, either generally or with respect to a specific region or property. Such a resulting decrease in demand could make it difficult for us to renew or re-lease our properties to suitable, credit-worthy tenants at lease rates equal to or above historical rates. Terrorist activities, violence or crime also could directly affect the value of our properties through damage, destruction or loss, and the availability of insurance for such acts, or of insurance generally, might be lower or cost more, which could increase our operating expenses and adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. To the extent that any of our tenants or borrowers are affected by future terrorist attacks, acts of violence or crime, its business similarly could be adversely affected, including the ability of our tenants or borrowers to continue to meet their obligations to us. These events might erode business and consumer confidence and spending and might result in increased volatility in national and international financial markets and economies. Any one of these events might decrease demand for real estate, decrease or delay the occupancy of our new or redeveloped properties, and limit our access to capital or increase our cost of raising capital or materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects.

The loss of the services of key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Our success and ability to grow depends, in large part, upon the leadership and performance of our executive management team, particularly our Chief Executive Officer, our President and Chief Operating Officer, our Chief Financial Officer and our General Counsel. Any unforeseen loss of our executive officers’ services, or any negative market or industry perception with respect to them or arising from their loss, could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. We do not have key man or similar life insurance policies covering members of our executive management. We have employment agreements with our executive officers, but these agreements do not guarantee that any given executive will remain with us, and there can be no assurance that any such officers will remain with us. In addition, the appointment or replacement of certain key members of our executive management team may be subject to regulatory approvals based upon suitability determinations by gaming regulatory authorities in certain of the jurisdictions where our properties are located. If any of our executive officers is found unsuitable by any such gaming regulatory authorities, or if we otherwise lose their services, we would have to find alternative candidates and may not be able to successfully manage our business or achieve our business objectives, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects.

Environmental compliance costs and liabilities associated with real estate properties owned by us may materially impair the value of those investments.

As an owner of real property, we are subject to various federal, state and local environmental and health and safety laws and regulations. For example, we engaged a third‐party environmental consulting firm who performed a regulatory compliance risk assessment that found that four of our properties are currently subject to active energy use benchmarking requirements due to their location. Although we do not operate or manage most of our properties, as they are subject to triple-net leases, we may be held primarily or jointly and severally liable for costs relating to the investigation and clean-up of any property from which there has been a release or threatened release of a regulated material as well as other affected properties, regardless of whether we knew of or caused the release, and to preserve claims for damages. Further, some environmental laws create a lien on a contaminated site in favor of the government for damages and the costs the government incurs in connection with such contamination.

Although under the lease agreements, our tenants are required to indemnify us for certain environmental liabilities, including environmental liabilities they cause, the amount of such liabilities could exceed the financial ability of the applicable tenants or guarantors to indemnify us. In addition, the presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination may adversely affect our ability to sell or lease our properties or to borrow using our properties as collateral, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects.

We face risks associated with cybersecurity incidents and other significant disruptions of our information technology (IT) networks and related systems or those IT networks and systems of third parties.

We use our own IT networks and related systems to access, store, transmit, and manage or support a variety of our business processes and information. We face risks associated with cybersecurity incidents and other disruptions of our IT networks and related systems, including as a result of cybersecurity attacks or intrusions over the internet, malware or ransomware, computer phishing attempts and other forms of social engineering. We have experienced cybersecurity events such as viruses and attacks on our IT systems. To date, none of these events have had a material impact on our business, operations or financial results. These and future cybersecurity incidents or other disruptions may be caused by individuals within our organization, individuals outside our organization with authorized access, or by unauthorized individuals from outside our organization. The risk of such incidents, particularly through cyber attacks or intrusions, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased due to the growing number, intensity, and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions 

25

Table of Cont
ents

worldwide. Although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of our IT networks and related systems and have implemented various measures to manage these risks, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted incidents or disruptions would not be successful or damaging to our operations. A cybersecurity incident or significant disruption involving our IT networks and related systems could, among other things: (i) disrupt the proper functioning of our networks and systems; (ii) result in misstated financial reports, violations of loan covenants and/or missed reporting deadlines; (iii) lead to our inability to monitor or maintain compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements; (iv) result in unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information, which unauthorized parties could use for competitive purposes or disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful outcomes; (v) require significant management attention and resources to address or remedy any resulting damages; (vi) expose us to claims for breach of contract, damages, credits, penalties or termination of certain agreements; (vii) subject us to regulatory enforcement actions, including penalties, fines and investigations; and (viii) damage our reputation among our tenants and investors. Any or all of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and ability to make distributions with respect to, and the market price of, our common stock. Additionally, increased regulation of data collection, use, and retention practices, including self-regulation and industry standards, changes in existing laws and regulations, enactment of new laws and regulations, increased enforcement activity, and changes in the interpretation of laws, could increase our compliance and operation cost or otherwise harm our business.

In the conduct of our business, we and our tenants rely on relationships with third parties, including cloud data storage and other information technology service providers, contractors, and other external business partners, for certain functions or services in support of key portions of our operations. These third-party entities are subject to similar risks relating to cybersecurity, business interruption, and systems and employee failures and an attack against such third-party service provider or partner could have a material adverse effect on our business. Although we may be entitled to damages if relevant third parties fail to satisfy their security-related obligations to us, any award may be insufficient to cover our damages, or we may be unable to recover such award.

There may be exceptions to our insurance coverage that result in our insurance policies not covering some or all aspects of a cybersecurity incident. Even where a cybersecurity incident is covered by our insurance, the insurance limits may not cover the costs of complete remediation and redress that may be required in the wake of a cybersecurity incident. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage, or results in changes to our insurance policies (including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements), could have an adverse effect on us. In addition, we cannot be sure that our existing insurance coverage and coverage for errors and omissions will continue to be available on acceptable terms or that our insurers will not deny coverage for any future claim.