You should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this report. Each of these risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and/or liquidity, as well as, in certain cases, the value of an investment in our securities. Although the risks are organized by headings and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated.

BUSINESS, INDUSTRY, AND OPERATIONS RISKS

Our financial results are affected by volatile margins, which are dependent upon factors beyond our control, including the prices we pay to acquire feedstocks and the market prices at which we can sell our products.

Our financial results are affected by the margin (i.e., the difference) between our product prices and the prices for crude oil, corn, and other feedstocks that we purchase, which can vary greatly based on global and regional market conditions, as well as by type and class of product or feedstock. Historically, product margins have been volatile, and we believe they will continue to be volatile in the future. The prices we pay to acquire feedstocks and the market prices at which we can ultimately sell our products depend upon several factors, including global and regional supplies, inventory levels, and availability of and demand for feedstocks, 
liquid transportation fuels, 
and other products. These in turn depend on, among other things, global and regional production levels, or capacities of suppliers and competitors; operational costs and flexibility (including natural gas, electricity, and water availability and costs); transportation and logistics availability and costs; proximity and access to product and feedstock supplies and markets; economic activity and growth levels; U.S. and foreign relations (including tariffs, duties, sanctions, or other trade restrictions); political affairs; government regulations; and the events described in many of the other risk factors below. The ability of the members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and other petroleum-producing nations that collectively make up OPEC+ to agree on and to maintain crude oil price and production controls has also had, and is likely to continue to have, a significant impact on the market prices of crude oil and certain of our products. Although several refinery closures have recently been announced or are in process and others are expected in the future, there have also been recent additions to global refining capacity, which create risks and uncertainties related to product margins, volatility, and market perceptions of the refining industry. Regarding low-carbon fuels margins, see also, among other risk factors set forth below,

“
The availability and prices of our feedstocks and other critical supplies expose us to risks,
” and “
We are subject to risks arising from the Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs, and other regulations, policies, international certifications, and standards impacting low-carbon fuels.
”

Many of these factors are interrelated, beyond our control, can vary globally and regionally, and may change quickly, adding to market volatility, while others may have longer-term effects that are uncertain. We do not produce any of our primary feedstocks (other than DCOs produced by our ethanol plants), and must purchase nearly all of the feedstocks we process. We generally purchase our feedstocks long before we process them and sell the resulting products. Price level changes during the period between purchasing feedstocks and selling the resulting products have had, and could continue to have, a significant effect on our financial results. A decline in market prices for our products and feedstocks has also had, and could again have, a negative impact to the carrying value of our inventories. Factors outside of our control, such as economic, legal, regulatory, and political uncertainties; global geopolitical and other conflicts and tensions; inflation (and the potential for increased prices to reduce demand); prolonged periods of high interest rates; and public health crises (such as pandemics or epidemics) have negatively affected, and many such factors could continue to negatively affect, economic activity and growth levels of the U.S. 

17

Table of Contents

and other countries. In turn, the demand for and consumption of our products, and also our revenues, margins, growth prospects, and capital allocation decisions have been and could again be negatively impacted.

A significant portion of our profitability is derived from the ability to purchase and process crude oil feedstocks that historically have been cheaper than benchmark crude oils. These crude oil feedstock differentials vary significantly depending on many factors, including global and regional economic conditions, trends and conditions within crude oil and 
refined petroleum products markets, and the events described above and in many of the other risk factors below
. Previous declines in such differentials have had, and any future declines will likely again have, a negative impact on our results of operations.

We are subject to risks arising from the availability and prices of natural gas, electricity, and water.

Our operations depend on the reliable supply of natural gas, electricity, and water. We consume significant amounts of natural gas, electricity, and water to operate our refineries and plants, and the prices thereof can have a measurable effect on the total cost of our operations. Volatility in the prices for natural gas and electricity, in particular, is an ongoing risk to such costs. We also purchase other commodities whose prices may vary depending on the prices of natural gas, electricity, and water. The availability and prices of natural gas, electricity, and water have been, and could continue to be, affected by numerous events, such as (as applicable) government regulations or actions (including sanctions); rationing and curtailment; rate increases; weather (e.g., droughts, hurricanes, and periods of extreme heat or cold); logistics interruptions; electric grid outages; cybersecurity incidents; intermittent electricity generation (particularly from wind and solar); hostilities; terrorism; protests; human error; population and industry growth; infrastructure or supply mismanagement; and supply and demand imbalances.

For example, the real-time market structure of the largest grid operator in Texas exposes many of our refineries and operations located in Texas to “scarcity pricing” during periods of supply and demand imbalance. As electrification continues to grow, or if there are increased restrictions or costs imposed on the ability of utilities or power suppliers to utilize certain energy sources (such as through restrictions on, or other pressure not to use, fossil fuel or nuclear-generated electricity), there will likely be increased strains on and risks to the integrity, reliability, and resilience of electrical grids, and increased volatility and tightness in natural gas and electricity supplies across the world. These events could negatively affect the cost, reliability, and availability of our natural gas and electricity supplies and may cause sporadic outages disrupting our operations. Growing electrification and rapidly developing and increasing technology use (such as artificial intelligence (AI), computer processing, cryptocurrency mining, and cloud storage, as well as the data centers and power supplies required to support these activities) will also likely increase the intermittency and decrease the reliability of electricity supplies, particularly for grids highly dependent upon wind and solar power, which exacerbate the foregoing challenges, including by increasing costs. Government and private impediments and opposition to certain infrastructure projects (including pipelines) have also resulted in, and could continue to result in, the underinvestment in, or unavailability of, the infrastructure and logistics assets needed to transport and obtain natural gas, electricity, and water in a reliable and cost-efficient manner. We actively manage these risks through contracting and, in the case of natural gas and electricity, hedging, as appropriate, and by pursuing projects that reduce our reliance on third parties and fortify the resilience of our assets and supplies. However, increases in the prices for natural gas and electricity, and disruptions to our supplies thereof, have had, and could again have, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Certain of our refineries in Texas have also recently experienced various water supply challenges that remain ongoing to various degrees and in certain instances have resulted in, or are 

18

Table of Contents

expected to result in, additional capital expenditures and/or ongoing costs. We could experience additional water supply challenges in the future.

The availability and prices of our feedstocks and other critical supplies expose us to risks.

We source our petroleum-based and low-carbon fuel feedstocks, as well as many other critical supplies, such as catalyst, chemicals, treating materials, and metal-based consumables, from suppliers throughout the world. We are, therefore, subject to the legal, political, geographic, and economic risks attendant to doing business with suppliers located in, and supplies originating from, different areas across the world. If one or more of our supply contracts were terminated, or if legal, government, political, or other developments (including global geopolitical and other conflicts and tensions) were to disrupt our traditional feedstock and other critical supplies, we believe that adequate alternative supplies would be available, but it is possible that we would be unable to obtain adequate or optimal alternative sources of supply, or would be able to do so only at unfavorable prices or costs. Our refineries and plants without access to waterborne deliveries or offtake must rely on rail, pipeline, or ground transportation and thus have been, and will likely continue to be, more susceptible to such risks. If we are unable to obtain adequate or optimal supplies, or are able to do so only at unfavorable prices or costs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected, including from reduced product sales volumes, curtailed production, lower product margins, and higher operating costs. The U.S. and other governments can also prevent or restrict us from doing business involving other countries. U.S. and other government sanctions and actions by governments and private parties to refrain from purchasing or transporting crude oil and petroleum-based products from particular countries (such as Russia and Iran) have impacted, and may continue to impact, trade flows and our access to certain business opportunities. There is also ongoing uncertainty regarding the ultimate impacts of recent events involving Venezuela, including with respect to foreign trade and product margins, among others. Feedstock sourcing has also been the subject of scrutiny for certain crude oils we process, and shifting legislative, regulatory, and market sentiment regarding various sources of crude oil supply has previously resulted in adverse consequences with respect to our refineries, such as the denial or delay of permits to construct refinery projects that facilitate the processing of crude oil from particular sources. Similar events may occur in the future. Comparable scrutiny and shifting sentiment have occurred with respect to certain feedstocks for our low-carbon fuels business as described in the paragraph below and in the cross-reference therein.

The U.S. federal government under the current administration has also implemented and indicated the potential for new or revised tariffs, duties, sanctions, and other actions with respect to U.S. and foreign trade, manufacturing, and investment, and some foreign governments have in turn implemented or indicated the potential for similar responses impacting U.S. goods and/or foreign operations and business dealings of U.S. companies. While there continues to be a lack of certainty around the ongoing likelihood, timing, and details with respect to the continuation or future invalidation, expansion, revision, or implementation of such actions, as well as the impact of litigation and consequent court orders, such actions have in certain instances had, and could again have, an adverse effect on our ability to obtain optimal or adequate volumes of feedstocks and other critical supplies at favorable prices and costs. Our Refining and Ethanol segments have not been significantly impacted to date by recent U.S. tariffs and foreign duties. However, DGD’s foreign feedstock supplies have recently been impacted, and could continue to be impacted, by U.S. tariffs, as well as by many of the other developments discussed in “
We are subject to risks arising from the Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs, and other regulations, policies, international certifications, and standards impacting low-carbon fuels.
” The impacts thereof have been compounded by the fact that U.S.-produced renewable diesel and SAF have recently been subject to duties in several foreign jurisdictions, while similar duties have not been broadly applied to 

19

Table of Contents

imports into the U.S. of foreign renewable diesel and SAF (as finished products), nor have foreign jurisdictions broadly levied tariffs similar to the U.S. on feedstocks that foreign renewable diesel and SAF producers may import and use to produce such products outside the U.S. These events have at times made DGD’s use of certain feedstocks (particularly foreign feedstocks) economically impractical, and resulted in reduced margins, curtailed production, and potentially reduced access to certain product markets due to competitive cost disadvantages, which have had, and could continue to have, an adverse impact on its and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.

Our Ethanol segment relies on corn sourced from local farmers and commercial elevators in the Mid-Continent region of the U.S. and such supply is acutely exposed to the effects that weather and other environmental events in that region can have on the amount or timing of crop production. Crop production is also affected by government policies (such as farming subsidies and the Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs), and market events (such as changes in fertilizer prices and rail disruptions). Reductions or delays in crop production from these and other events could negatively impact the availability and price of corn for our Ethanol segment, and such events have occurred periodically.

We are subject to risks arising from our operations and business activities outside of the U.S. 

We have operations and business activities, including marketing activities, outside of the U.S., particularly in Canada, the U.K., Ireland, Mexico, and Peru, and are subject to disruptions and developments in or otherwise affecting any of these markets, including due to actual or alleged violations of laws or regulations (such as anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, and foreign corrupt practices violations); expropriation or impoundment of assets; failure of foreign governments and state-owned entities to honor their contracts; differential treatment or goals of state-owned entities; property disputes; economic or political instability; currency exchange rates; restrictions on the transfer of funds; tariffs, duties, and sanctions; fees; taxes or penalties; transportation delays; import and export controls; price controls; labor unrest; security issues; government decisions (including designations with respect to terrorist organizations), orders, mandates, investigations, regulations, and issuances or revocations of permits and authorizations; global geopolitical and other conflicts and tensions; changing regulatory, judicial, and political environments (such as recent changes in Mexico’s federal judiciary, hydrocarbon laws and regulations, and procedures for challenging tax authority rulings); developments with respect to policies, standards, and incentives impacting low-carbon fuels; and other developments impacting foreign trade and related matters (including any de-globalized supply chains or the diversification of historic trade patterns). Such events could result in the halting, curtailing, or cessation of operations at impacted facilities; commercial restrictions; delay, denial, or cancellation of projects, permits, and authorizations; decreased access to important business foreign opportunities and more unreliable supply chains; and increased costs, liabilities, and burdens; among other adverse impacts, and could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Although we actively seek to manage these risks, we have experienced, and may again experience, certain of these events.

We are subject to risks arising from transportation and logistics disruptions and availability.

In addition to our own logistics assets, we use the services of third parties to transport feedstocks to our refineries and plants and to transport our products to market. If the ability of the logistics assets used to transport our feedstocks or products is disrupted, or there are increased prices or costs with respect thereto, whether because of labor issues; weather events; dock or port availability; water levels of key waterways for trade; pipeline, rail, trucking, or maritime disruptions; cybersecurity incidents; accidents; derailments; collisions; fires; explosions; natural catastrophes; spills; public health crises; terrorism; hostilities; rate increases; or other government or third-party actions (including protests and human error), 

20

Table of Contents

it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Although we actively seek to manage these risks, we have experienced some of these events in the past and could experience additional events in the future.

Differences in competitors’ businesses or resources may at times provide them a competitive advantage.

The refining and marketing industry is highly competitive with respect to both feedstock supply and refined petroleum product markets. We compete with many companies for available supplies of crude oil and other feedstocks, as well as for third-party retail outlets for our petroleum-based products, and other customers. We do not produce any of our primary feedstocks (other than DCOs produced by our ethanol plants) and we do not have a company-owned retail network. Some of our competitors, however, obtain a significant portion of their feedstocks from company-owned crude oil production, have extensive networks of retail sites, have different revenue streams (such as from chemicals, midstream, or integrated operations), and operate in different regions. Such competitors are at times able to offset or avoid losses or decreased profitability from downstream operations, or in challenging regions, with such other operations, and may be better positioned to withstand periods of reduced product margins or feedstock disruptions. Some of our competitors also have materially greater financial and other resources than we have and may have a greater ability to respond to the inherent volatility of our industry.

We are subject to risks arising from an interruption in any of our refineries or plants.

Our refineries and plants are our principal operating assets and are subject to planned and unplanned downtime and interruptions. Our operations could also be subject to significant interruption if any of our refineries or plants were to experience a major accident or mechanical failure; be damaged by severe weather and natural disasters/acts of nature (such as hurricanes, winter storms, and earthquakes); or man-made disruptions (such as cybersecurity incidents, terrorism, protests, or human error); or otherwise be forced to shut down or curtail operations. Any such interruption could materially and adversely affect our earnings (to the extent not recoverable through insurance) because of lost productivity and repair and other costs. Significant operational interruptions could also lead to increased volatility in the price of our feedstocks and many of our products. We have experienced some of these events in the past, and although we focus on maintaining safe, stable, and reliable operations, we may experience additional events in the future.

Our pursuit of capital and other strategic projects and actions exposes us to various risks.

We engage in capital and other strategic projects based on many factors, including the forecasted project economics; legal, regulatory, and political environments; the expected return on the capital to be deployed; and the anticipated impact to our future cash flows. Such projects can take many years to complete, during which time such environments or other market conditions may change from our forecast, as has recently occurred with certain low-carbon projects in our Renewable Diesel segment. Supply chain or other market or economic disruptions (including inflation) may also delay projects or increase the costs associated therewith. As a result, such projects may not be completed on schedule or budget, or at all, and may not achieve their expected returns, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.

In addition, challenges to or opposition of certain fossil fuel and infrastructure projects (including pipelines), as well as certain low-carbon projects (such as carbon sequestration and carbon capture and storage), continue to make the approval and completion of such projects more difficult and costly. Certain of these events have resulted in, and could again result in, the cancellation or restructuring of projects, 

21

Table of Contents

costs and charges related thereto, a decreased market outlook, and/or impacts under our capital allocation framework.

We also regularly assess our facilities and operations in light of market dynamics and the regulatory environment and have taken, and may in the future take, strategic actions to optimize our portfolio of assets, including those described in Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements with respect to our operations in California. While we expect overall positive results from these strategic actions, there is no assurance that the anticipated benefits will materialize or continue. Unforeseen delays, costs, negative publicity, litigation, enforcement, and other difficulties may arise, including in adapting our other operations and fulfilling our contractual obligations, that negatively impact the actual results and execution of such strategic actions compared to our expectations. Such events could result in changes in our financial and accounting estimates and assumptions and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.

Our investments in joint ventures and other entities limit our ability to manage risk.

We conduct some of our operations through joint ventures in which we share control over certain economic, legal, and business interests with other joint venture members. We also conduct some of our operations through entities in which we have a minority or no equity ownership interest, such as the variable interest entities (VIEs) described in Note 12 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The other joint venture members and the third-party equity holders of the VIEs have certain economic, business, or legal interests, opportunities, or goals that are inconsistent with or different from our own, have different liquidity needs or financial condition characteristics than our own, are subject to different legal or contractual obligations than we are, and may be unable to meet their obligations, each of which exposes us to risks. For example, while we operate the DGD Plants and perform certain day-to-day operating and management functions for DGD, we do not have full control of every aspect of DGD’s business and certain significant decisions concerning DGD require approval from the other joint venture member, including acquiring or disposing of assets above a certain dollar threshold, making certain changes to its business plan, raising debt or equity capital, altering its distribution policy, and certain other transactions. While we consolidate certain VIEs, we do not have full control of every aspect of these VIEs, their debt or financing decisions that are reflected in our consolidated financial statements, or the actions taken by their third-party equity holders, some of which have affected, and could continue to affect, our business, legal position, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Failure by us, an entity in which we have a joint venture interest, or the VIEs to adequately manage the risks associated with such entities, and any differences in views among us and such third parties, could prevent or delay actions we prefer to take; expose us to legal, regulatory, and reputational risks; and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.

Industry, market, and other developments could decrease the demand for our products.

A reduction in the demand for our products could result from events and trends such as increases in fuel efficiency, decreases in travel or fuel consumption levels, and a transition by consumers to alternative fuel vehicles, such as electric vehicles and hybrid vehicles, in each case, whether as a result of government mandates, incentives, or actions (including foreign dumping), industry developments, societal changes, or sentiment or perception with respect to our products, or fossil fuels and GHG emissions generally. New developments may alter consumer fuel or energy preferences or make alternative fuel vehicles more affordable or desirable, including improvements in battery and storage technology, increases in driving ranges, increased availability of charging stations and other infrastructure, expanded and more reliable supply chains, autonomous driving capabilities, improvements in hydrogen fuel cell technology, and other technological changes. Any such developments could increase consumer acceptance and result in greater 

22

Table of Contents

market penetration of alternative fuel vehicles or otherwise decrease the demand for our products. There may also be new entrants into the low-carbon fuels industry or developments by current competitors that could meet the market’s demands in a more efficient or less costly manner than our technologies and products. Competition within the global ethanol industry also continues to grow. The demand for many of our low-carbon fuels may significantly decline without sufficient and continued government support and incentives therefor, and if our competitors are able to capture the benefits from such government support and incentives to a greater degree than we are it may place us at a competitive disadvantage. While we cannot currently predict the ultimate form, timing, or extent of these developments, any such event could materially and adversely affect our margins and sales volumes, and in turn our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.

We are subject to risks arising from climate- and other sustainability-related advocacy and pressure.

In recent years, a number of climate- and other sustainability-related advocacy groups, both in the U.S. and internationally, have campaigned for government and private action to promote various climate- and other sustainability-related disclosure frameworks, actions, and initiatives. As a result, we have faced, and may continue to face, pressure regarding our efforts and disclosures related to such matters (e.g., GHG emissions reductions/displacements and our methodologies and timelines with respect thereto), including through requests by potential counterparties for certain written declarations or representations, negative publicity, special-interest driven stockholder requests and voting, prescriptive proxy advisory firm and scoring agency expectations and policies, and demands for engagement.

The methodologies, standards, and requirements for tracking and reporting many climate- and other sustainability-related matters, such as GHG emissions, have not been standardized or harmonized, and many continue to evolve. Our interpretations of various reporting standards may also differ from those of others. As a result, our metrics, targets, and other disclosures with respect to such matters may not necessarily be calculated or presented in the same manner or be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by us in other contexts, or to disclosures by others. We believe that our disclosures and methodologies related to such matters reflect our business strategy and are reasonable at the time made or used. However, as our business, strategy, low-carbon projects, market and financial conditions, and/or applicable methodologies, standards, or requirements continue to develop and evolve, we may revise or cease reporting or using any or all such disclosures and methodologies if we determine that they are no longer appropriate, or we are otherwise required to do so. We may also be pressured or compelled to disclose information that may not be feasible or obtainable. Any actual or perceived failure by us with respect to our disclosures and actions on such matters, including a revision thereto, could cause reputational and commercial harm, and expose us to litigation or enforcement, among other negative impacts.

We may incur losses and additional costs as a result of our hedging transactions.

We currently use derivative instruments as described in Note 19 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and we expect to continue their use in the future. If the instruments we use to hedge our exposure to various risks are not effective or expose us to other unexpected events, we may incur losses or charges, and we have experienced such events in the past. We also have incurred, and may again incur, additional costs or charges related to changes in applicable regulations on such instruments.

23

Table of Contents

LEGAL, GOVERNMENT, AND REGULATORY RISKS

We are subject to risks arising from legal, regulatory, and political developments regarding climate- and environmental-related matters, or that are adverse to or restrict refining and marketing operations.

Certain government authorities across the world have, in recent years, imposed, announced, or considered various laws, regulations, policies, and actions designed to facilitate less petroleum-dependent modes of transportation, which could reduce demand for our petroleum-based products and/or all liquid transportation fuels. Such laws, regulations, policies, and actions have in certain instances included increases in fuel economy or efficiency standards; stricter tailpipe emissions standards; low-carbon fuel standards; restrictions and bans on vehicles using internal combustion engines; limitations on using certain petroleum-based products and biofuel feedstocks; and tariffs, duties, and incentives. Under the current administration in the U.S., a number of legal, regulatory, and political actions have been taken or proposed that have resulted in, or may result in, many of these laws, regulations, policies, and actions being modified, rescinded, invalidated, revoked, or eliminated, and others have been delayed or relaxed across the world. However, the ultimate timing and outcome of many such actions are currently unknown and are subject to uncertainty due to pending or future legal, regulatory, and political actions.

Certain U.S. state and local governments, foreign governments, and private parties across the world continue to pursue various efforts designed to either directly or indirectly facilitate less petroleum-dependent modes of transportation, or that are otherwise adverse to our industry, including actions and incentives to conserve energy or use renewable energy, as well as those efforts discussed in “
We are subject to risks arising from litigation, government action, and mandatory disclosure rules related to climate- and other sustainability-related matters, or aimed at the fossil fuel industry.
” Government authorities across the world have announced, imposed, or are considering (as applicable) taxes or penalties on fossil fuel companies for profits, windfalls, margins, or prices above a certain level, carbon border adjustments, fees, and other regulations that are adverse to or restrict refining and marketing operations, could increase costs, and limit profitability. For example, California’s Senate Bill No. 2 (such statute, together with any regulations contemplated or issued thereunder, SBx 1-2) and Assembly Bill No. 1 continue to present considerable uncertainty and risks for us. Mexico has also implemented an informal, nationwide retail price cap on regular gasoline that could be expanded to other fuels, or could become legally binding. These legal, regulatory, and political developments, as well as other similarly focused laws and regulations, such as the California, Quebec and other cap-and-trade programs; the U.K. Emissions Trading Scheme; the Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs; the South Coast Air Quality Management District’s Rule 1109.1 – Emissions of Oxides of Nitrogen from Petroleum Refineries and Related Operations; CARB’s Control Measure for Ocean-Going Vessels At Berth Rule and its Airborne Toxic Control Measure for Commercial Harbor Craft; reductions in the National Ambient Air Quality Standards; bans or restrictions on certain chemicals, feedstocks, products, or processes (such as hydrofluoric acid alkylation); and other laws and regulations concerning climate- and environmental-related matters (including GHG emissions), as well as health- and safety-related matters (such as industrial safety ordinances), have in certain instances resulted in, and are expected to continue to result in, increased costs and capital expenditures that impact our ability to effectively and profitably operate and maintain our facilities. These include things such as (i) restrictions on certain refinery operations, (ii) requirements to modify our operations or install new emissions controls or other equipment, and (iii) costs to administer our obligations under the Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs. Such risks remain particularly acute in California.

Many of these matters and developments are subject to considerable uncertainty due to a number of factors, including technological and economic feasibility, legal challenges, and changes in law, 

24

Table of Contents

regulation, or policy, as noted above, and it is not currently possible to predict the ultimate effects thereof on us. However, such events could adversely restrict or affect our refining and marketing operations and limit our profitability; cause us to make changes to our business, strategy, operations, and assets, as well as our current financial and accounting estimates and assumptions; cause a reduction in demand for our products; and result in negative publicity, litigation, and enforcement, each of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. See also Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

We are subject to risks arising from the Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs, and other regulations, policies, international certifications, and standards impacting low-carbon fuels.

As described under “ITEMS 1. and 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES—OUR COMPREHENSIVE LIQUID FUELS STRATEGY—
Regulations, Policies, and Standards Driving Low-Carbon Fuel Demand
,” we strategically market our low-carbon fuels based on regional policies, regulations, standards, feedstock preferences, CI scores, and our ability to obtain fuel pathways, credits, certifications, and incentives. A significant portion of our low-carbon fuels are sold in California, Canada, the U.K., and the European Union (EU).

Regarding the RFS, in June 2025, the EPA announced proposed rules (RFS Set II) that would, among other things, impose increased RVOs for 2026 and 2027, particularly with respect to biomass-based diesel, while also proposing to (i) reduce by 50 percent the number of RINs that may be generated for U.S. domestically produced renewable fuels made from foreign feedstocks, as well as for imports into the U.S. of finished renewable fuel; (ii) reduce the equivalency values for biomass-based diesel and renewable diesel produced through hydrogenation, which is used by DGD for renewable diesel and SAF production, resulting in fewer RINs generated for each gallon produced; and (iii) partially waive cellulosic biofuel volumes for 2025. In 2025, the EPA also issued decisions on hundreds of small refinery exemption (SRE) petitions that were pending, and granted full or partial exemptions on a majority of such petitions spanning RFS compliance years 2016-2024, which remain subject to ongoing litigation. As part of this action, the EPA also outlined a process for refineries granted SREs that had already retired RINs for compliance to have their RINs un-retired and returned. While RINs for compliance years prior to 2023 have expired and are expected to have little to no value, RINs for compliance years 2023 and thereafter can be used by small refineries granted SREs to update previous compliance filings, which is expected to allow up to approximately 20 percent per compliance year of a particular refinery’s RINs to be carried forward into subsequent years. In September 2025, the EPA also issued a supplemental notice of proposed rulemaking for the proposed 2026 and 2027 RFS Set II rules that co-proposes to reallocate to RFS obligated parties (such as us) either 100 percent or 50 percent of the SRE exempted volumes that were granted for 2023 and 2024, as well as those projected to be granted for 2025 as part of the ongoing RFS Set II rulemaking (which would increase our 2026-2027 RVO obligations even further). While the final RFS Set II rules have not been finalized, the EPA’s proposals present considerable risks that the final RFS Set II rules could require RVOs for 2026-2027 that are infeasible, significantly impact RIN prices and availability, and adversely impact both our Refining and Renewable Diesel segments. The EPA has indicated it intends to finalize these rules in the first quarter of 2026, but this may be further delayed and subject to litigation, which could also delay the 2025 RFS compliance deadlines and result in additional risks and uncertainty.

The risks and uncertainties with respect to the final RFS Set II rules are also interrelated with and compounded by U.S. tariffs impacting DGD’s foreign feedstock supplies and several other low-carbon fuels policies, standards, and incentives; and vice versa. For example, for fuel produced on or after January 1, 2026, the OBBB restricts eligibility for the clean fuel production credit to fuels that are derived 

25

Table of Contents

exclusively from feedstock that was produced or grown in the U.S., Mexico, or Canada, and important guidance with respect to certain aspects of such credits has yet to be finalized. Additionally, in June 2025, California’s Office of Administrative Law approved an amendment to the LCFS that seeks to reduce the CI of California’s transportation fuel pool by 30 percent by 2030 and by 90 percent by 2045 and imposes a cap on the issuance of credits for biomass-based diesel produced from soybean, canola, or sunflower oil, limiting it to 20 percent of the total credits per producer or importer, updated the model used to calculate CI, and introduced more onerous sustainability criteria for crop-based biofuels. Certain Canadian provinces have also recently imposed requirements under their low-carbon fuels standards or programs that limit the amount of imported ethanol and renewable diesel that can be claimed under the programs, and similar protectionist measures are being considered at the federal level in Canada. Further, effective January 1, 2025, the U.K. imposed additional feedstock and reporting requirements impacting SAF compared to the “Refuel EU” requirements under the EU Renewable Energy Directive. The combined effects of each of the foregoing present considerable risks and uncertainties.

We are also exposed to the volatility in the market price of RINs, LCFS credits, and other credits, as described in Note 20 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. We cannot predict the future prices of such credits, which depend upon numerous factors, including (as applicable) EPA and U.S. state regulations; other U.S. and foreign laws and regulations; the events discussed above with respect to DGD’s foreign feedstock supplies; the availability of such credits for purchase; transportation fuel production levels (which can vary significantly each quarter); approved CI pathways; and CI scores. The final RFS Set II rules, the ability to sell “E15” fuel year-round, and additional actions related to SREs will likely affect RIN prices, as discussed above. For example, if the RVOs for cellulosic biofuel are high relative to D3 RIN generation, RIN prices may rise, and the EPA may or may not issue cellulosic waiver credits in time to moderate price spikes, if at all. Future RVOs for biomass-based diesel also may not reflect the ongoing impacts of U.S. tariffs, the OBBB, the LCFS, and other low-carbon fuels policies, standards, and incentives on D4 RIN generation. If an insufficient number of RINs, LCFS credits, or other credits are available for purchase (or available only at unfavorable prices), or if we are otherwise unable to meet our obligations under the Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs
,
 our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity could be adversely affected. Similar events have occurred in the past and may occur again in the future.

The Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs and the U.S. federal tax incentives related to low-carbon fuels (such as the OBBB) are complex, can be subject to interpretative uncertainty, often have different or conflicting requirements or methodologies, and are frequently evolving, requiring us to periodically update our systems and controls for compliance, and imposing strains on company resources. In addition to regulation, many customers demand or prefer that the low-carbon fuels they purchase be certified through various voluntary certification bodies such as the International Sustainability and Carbon Certification system. While such certifications present business opportunities and can enhance product marketability, they also entail additional strains on company resources and risks from the loss or interruption of such certification, including decreased marketability of such products, as well as litigation and enforcement. These regulations, policies, and standards have a significant impact on the m
arket prices of low-carbon fuel feedstocks and products, and in turn the margins on our low-carbon fuels. Our low-carbon fuels businesses could be materially and adversely affected if (i) such regulations, policies, and standards are adversely changed or interpreted, unavailable, or discontinued, including due to adverse changes in perceptions or sentiments regarding low-carbon fuels or the feedstocks used to produce them (e.g., “food vs. fuel” and concerns regarding international supply chains perceived as vulnerable to fraud); (ii) any of our low-carbon fuels products, or the feedstocks used in their production, do not comply therewith, or would result in reduced benefits or incentives thereunder, or (iii) we or an entity in our supply chain are unable to satisfy or maintain the conditions of any approved pathways or certifications 

26

Table of Contents

thereunder, or under voluntary certifications. Such changes or developments could also negatively impact our low-carbon projects. Certain such events have occurred and may continue.

Applicable environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations expose us to various other risks.

Our operations are also subject to other extensive environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations by various levels of government authorities where we operate or have operated, including those relating to the release or discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, pollution prevention, air emissions, and characteristics and composition of fuels. Certain of these laws and regulations have in the past imposed, and could again impose, obligations on us to conduct assessment or remediation efforts at our current or formerly owned facilities or third-party sites where we have taken wastes for disposal or where our wastes may have migrated. The principal environmental risks associated with our operations are air emissions, waste handling, and releases into the soil, surface water, or groundwater. Such laws and regulations have also imposed, and may again impose, liability on us for our acts or omissions, or those of others, without regard to noncompliance, causation, contribution, negligence, or fault.

Because environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations have become more complex and stringent and new or revised laws and regulations are continuously being enacted or proposed, and are being interpreted and applied in evolving ways, the level of costs required for such matters has increased and may continue to increase. Additionally, many U.S. state and local regulatory agencies have been aggressive in the scope and frequency of, and the magnitude and type of the relief sought by, the enforcement and investigative actions they have pursued under applicable environmental, hea
lth, and safety laws and regulations, particularly with respect to fossil fuel companies. This has been especially acute in California. Such enforcement and investigative actions, as well as threats thereof, have resulted in, and could continue to result in, increased costs, expenses, and negative publicity. In addition to U.S. regulations, there continue to be citizen suits seeking to enforce such laws and regulations and various U.S. state and local governments continue to focus on enforcement thereof. Despite our efforts to maintain safe and environmentally responsible operations, in certain instances we have faced, and may continue to face, changing regulatory interpretations, costs, and liability for personal injury, property, and natural resource damage; community impacts; and assessment and remediation costs due to actual or alleged noncompliance, emissions, pollution, discharges, and/or contamination. We are also exposed to potential liability and costs related to regulated chemicals and other regulat
ed materials, such as various perfluorinated compounds, per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances, benzene, and petroleum hydrocarbons, at or from our current and formerly owned facilities, and new regulations with respect to certain such materials have recently been adopted or proposed by the EPA and certain U.S. states, and other laws and regulations may continue to arise. Such liabilities and costs could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.

We are subject to risks arising from litigation, government action, and mandatory disclosure rules related to climate- and other sustainability-related matters, or aimed at the fossil fuel industry.

We could face increased climate‐related litigation with respect to our operations, disclosures, or products. Governments, non-governmental organizations, and private parties across the world have filed lawsuits or initiated regulatory action against fossil fuel companies. Such lawsuits and actions often allege noncompliance with applicable laws or regulations, or personal injury or damages they attribute to perceived climate-related harms, and seek damages and/or abatement under various tort and other theories, including under consumer protection, human rights, or constitutional provisions. We have been named as a co-defendant in a lawsuit in state court by a county in Oregon seeking significant damages and abatement under various tort theories (including deceptive disclosures). We have also been named as a co-defendant in a federal class-action lawsuit in California alleging antitrust and consumer protection 

27

Table of Contents

claims related to costs of complying with the LCFS. While we intend to vigorously defend against the allegations in those pending actions, the ultimate outcomes and impacts to us cannot be predicted with certainty at this time, we could incur substantial legal costs and reputational damage associated with defending such matters, and an adverse ruling could require us to pay significant damages. From time to time, we have also been subject to, and expect to continue to be subject to, other litigation related to environmental, health, and safety incidents or other accidents arising in the normal course of our operations. Our industry in particular has been subject to a rising number of lawsuits seeking substantial damage awards in such matters, which have been exacerbated by recent legal, judicial, and jury-related trends in certain jurisdictions where we operate. We have faced, and expect to continue to face, increased risks related to such matters and the outcome of pending or future claims for such matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 
Governments and private parties are also increasingly filing lawsuits or initiating regulatory action based on allegations that certain public statements and disclosures by companies regarding climate- and other sustainability-related matters
 are false or misleading “greenwashing” that violate deceptive trade practices, consumer protection statutes, or other similar laws and regulations, or are fraudulent or misleading under certain corporate or securities laws and regulations. 

The states of New York and Vermont have also enacted legislation establishing various cost recovery programs designed to upgrade infrastructure and fund community initiatives they designate as purported climate mitigation investments, under which “responsible parties,” which the programs have deemed to include refiners and other fossil fuel companies, bear the costs on a strict liability basis, and other U.S. states have proposed or are considering similar legislation. Certain governmental authorities have also sought to attribute blame for certain perceived climate-related matters primarily to fossil fuel companies, and some are considering legislation that would create private causes of action making them strictly liable for damages incurred in certain natural catastrophes and weather events. These matters present a high degree of uncertainty, including due to legal viability, regarding the extent to which fossil fuel companies face an increased risk of liability and reputational damage stemming from alleged climate- and other sustainability-related matters. Various U.S. state and local governments have also proposed or are considering imposing taxes, fees, assessments, or tax abatement limitations on fossil fuel companies.

In addition to voluntary disclosures in response to investor and stakeholder requests discussed above, many governments have also proposed or adopted regulations that impose disclosure obligations with respect to various climate-related matters and other sustainability-related matters. In October 2023, California adopted a host of broad and far-reaching climate-related disclosure obligations, including with respect to GHG emissions, climate-related financial-risk reporting, and statements regarding GHG emissions reductions; and carbon offsets, certain of which are currently subject to ongoing litigation and potential delays, creating substantial uncertainty. New York also recently adopted certain GHG reporting requirements that are even broader in scope than California’s and require extremely burdensome (perhaps even infeasible) and detailed disclosures, including with respect to the quantity and type of fuel and feedstock related to such emissions. Other U.S. states have proposed or announced disclosure obligations with respect to climate-related matters. The U.K. has adopted and the EU has provisionally adopted certain burdensome disclosures related to various environmental, climate, social, supply chain, human rights, and other sustainability-related matters. In the EU, these include its Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) and its Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (CSDDD), which also provides a private cause of action. Although the scope of CSRD and CSDDD have been simplified with provisional agreements by applicable governance bodies within the EU, endorsement and formal adoption are still pending. Further, the scope and extent to which the CSRD and the CSDDD will require any extraterritorial disclosure obligations on non-EU parent companies remains unknown and presents considerable uncertainty for many companies, including us. Some governments have also adopted laws 

28

Table of Contents

and regulations, or have launched investigations and requested information, based on pricing practices in the fossil fuel industry, which we have been and may again be subject to. For example, California’s Oil Refinery Cost Disclosure Act (SB 1322) requires refineries in California to report monthly on the volume and cost of the crude oil they buy, the quantity and price of the wholesale gasoline they sell, and the gross gasoline margin per barrel, among other information. Some governments and other third parties we do business with have also begun requesting product-specific climate-related disclosures from us in connection with their own reporting. At the same time, in September 2025, the EPA proposed to effectively cease its Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program, which presents uncertainties with respect to future climate-related reporting methodologies that are utilized. Our efforts to comply with these laws, regulations, and requests impose a strain on company resources and expose us to risk by requiring disclosure of information that (i) may be protected trade secrets and/or competitively sensitive; (ii) exposes us to litigation and enforcement; (iii) may be inconsistent with other standards or requirements that are subject to ongoing change and uncertainty, or our current practices that may utilize different methodologies or standards; (iv) is subject to many assumptions and inherent calculation difficulties, such as accuracy, completeness, and dependence on third parties; (v) may
 be perceived in ways that adversely impact our business relationships, credibility, and reputation; and (vi) may be infeasible to obtain or report. The costs, burdens, and risks imposed by the foregoing may cause us to alter our business and operations in certain locations. 

We are subject to risks arising from compliance with and changes in tax laws.

We are subject to extensive tax liabilities imposed by multiple jurisdictions, including income taxes; indirect taxes (e.g., excise, duty, sales, use, gross receipts, and value-added taxes); and payroll, franchise, withholding, and ad valorem taxes. New and revised tax laws and regulations are continuously being enacted or proposed that could result in increased expenditures for tax liabilities in the future. For example, the OBBB contains significant changes to U.S. tax law. Many of these tax liabilities are subject to periodic audits by the respective taxing authorities. Although we believe we have used reasonable interpretations and assumptions in calculating our tax liabilities, the final determination of these tax audits and any related proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Any adverse outcome of any of such tax audits or related proceedings could result in unforeseen tax-related liabilities that may, individually or in the aggregate, materially affect our cash tax liabilities, or create issues with respect to certain of our business permits, authorizations, and registrations, and, as a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which we operate may change significantly as a result of political or economic factors beyond our control. It is also possible that future changes to tax laws or tax treaties (including the global minimum tax), or interpretations thereof, could impact our ability to realize the tax savings recorded to date and adversely affect our future effective tax rates. See also Note 15 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

CYBERSECURITY AND PRIVACY RELATED RISKS

We are subject to risks arising from a significant breach of our information systems.

Our information systems and network infrastructure have been and continue to be subject to frequent unauthorized access attempts and other cyber attacks, including ransom-related incidents, which could result in increased costs to detect, prevent, respond to, and mitigate these threats. Such efforts include, among others, deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees, and engaging third-party experts and consultants. These attacks could also result in (i) a loss of intellectual property, proprietary information, or employee, customer, vendor, or supplier data; (ii) public disclosure of sensitive information; (iii) systems interruption; (iv) disruption of our business operations; (v) remediation costs and repairs of system damage; (vi) reputational damage that adversely affects 

29

Table of Contents

customer, supplier, or investor confidence; and (vii) damage to our business and competitiveness. AI may also be leveraged by threat actors to enhance the volume and sophistication of their attacks. A breach could also originate from or compromise our customers’, vendors’, suppliers’, or other third-party networks outside of our control that could impact our business and operations, as occurred with the Colonial Pipeline cybersecurity incident in May 2021. Our vendors and suppliers are also increasingly using and offering platforms powered by AI. Although we implement internal controls on the connectivity of third parties to our systems that attempt to prevent or mitigate the impact from incidents affecting third-party systems, we have limited control over ensuring that third parties themselves are consistently enforcing strong controls over their systems. Increased risks of such attacks and disruptions also exist because of global geopolitical and other conflicts and tensions. A breach may also result in legal claims or proceedings against us by our stockholders, employees, customers, vendors, suppliers, and government authorities. There can be no assurance that our current or future infrastructure protection technologies and disaster recovery plans can prevent or mitigate such breaches, cyber- and ransom-related incidents, or systems failures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. The continuing and evolving threat of cybersecurity incidents (including through AI) has resulted in increased regulatory focus on prevention and disclosure, such as the directive issued by the U.S. Transportation Security Administration following the Colonial Pipeline cybersecurity incident, the obligations imposed by the U.S. Cyber Incident Reporting for Critical Infrastructure Act
. We have been, and may continue to be, required to expend significant resources to comply with such laws and regulations, and otherwise be exposed to litigation and enforcement related thereto. See “
ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY
” for additional information on such matters.

Data privacy and security issues expose us to increased liability and operational changes and costs.

Along with our own data and information in the normal course of our business, we collect and retain certain data that is subject to specific laws and regulations. The compliant processing of this data domestically and transferring of this data across international borders continue to increase in complexity, which has, and will likely continue, to impose increased efforts and costs on company resources for compliance functions related thereto. This data is subject to regulation at various levels of government in many areas of our business and in jurisdictions across the world, including data privacy and security laws such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation, the U.K. Data Protection Act 2018, Quebec’s Bill 64, the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, and various other comprehensive privacy laws passed by other U.S. states. We also operate in other jurisdictions with comprehensive data privacy laws and regulations (such as Mexico and Peru), and other jurisdictions are considering issuing similar laws and regulations. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has also adopted rules requiring the reporting of certain data breaches. As the implementation, interpretation, and enforcement of such laws continues to progress and evolve, there may also be developments that amplify such risks. Any failure by us to comply with these laws and regulations could expose us to litigation and enforcement. The growing sophistication and implementation of advanced AI technologies also increases the risks we face related to data privacy and security. 

GENERAL RISK FACTORS

Uncertainty and illiquidity in financial markets, or changes in our credit profile or ratings, can adversely affect our ability to obtain credit and capital, increase our costs, and limit our flexibility.

Our ability to obtain credit and capital depends in large measure on capital markets and liquidity factors that we do not control. Our ability to access credit and capital markets may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to access those markets, which could have an impact on our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. In addition, the cost and availability of debt and equity 

30

Table of Contents

financing or commercial arrangements may be adversely impacted by prolonged periods of high interest rates, inflation, unstable or illiquid financial market conditions, or adverse changes in our credit profile or to our credit ratings. These factors could adversely impact and limit our ability to obtain favorable credit and financing, raise our cost of capital, or require us to provide collateral or other forms of security, which would increase our costs and restrict our operational and financial flexibility. Unstable or illiquid financial market conditions and periods of prolonged high interest rates could also negatively impact our pension plans’ assets and funding requirements. From time to time, we may also need to supplement our cash generated from operations with proceeds from financing activities or obtain letters of credit in certain transactions. In addition, we rely on the counterparties to our commercial agreements and commodity hedging and derivative instruments to fulfill their obligations thereunder. Uncertainty and illiquidity in financial markets and periods of prolonged high interest rates could have an adverse impact on the costs or availability of the financial and commercial arrangements provided by such parties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 

We do not maintain insurance coverage that fully protects against all potential losses and liabilities.

We are subject to various hazards and other incidents common to the industry, including explosions, fires, toxic emissions, transportation hazards, severe weather events, and natural disasters/acts of nature (including, in certain locations, earthquakes), among others. While we maintain insurance coverage in amounts and types that we believe are prudent, such coverage protects against some, but not all, potential losses and liabilities arising from such hazards and incidents, and we have experienced, and may again experience, certain uninsured or self-insured events related thereto. Market, industry, and other developments have also caused, and may again cause, adverse changes in the costs, terms, and availability of certain amounts or types of coverage. If we incur a significant loss or liability that is not adequately insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.

We are exposed to risks arising from various labor-related matters.

Certain employees at five of our U.S. refineries, our Canada and U.K. refineries, and our terminal in Montreal, are covered by collective bargaining or similar agreements, which generally have unique and independent expiration dates. Workers at any of our facilities that are not currently represented by a union or covered by similar agreements could vote for such representation or coverage in the future. To the extent we are in negotiations for labor agreements at any time, there is no assurance an agreement will be reached without a strike, lockout, work stoppage, or other labor action or disruption, and such events have occurred for certain periods in the past, and may occur again in the future. Any such prolonged event at our facilities or otherwise impacting our operations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Labor-related laws and regulations have in certain instances also resulted in, and may again result in, reduced labor availability and higher costs. Our business could also be negatively impacted if we are unable to recruit, train, and retain adequate personnel, including those with key skills or knowledge. Inflation has also caused, and may in the future cause, increases in employee-related costs.

31

Table of Contents