Our financial results are affected by volatile refining margins.

Our financial results are primarily affected by the relationship, or margin, between refined
product prices and the prices for crude oil and other feedstocks. Our cost to acquire feedstocks
and the price at which we can ultimately sell refined products depend upon numerous factors beyond
our control, including regional and global supply of and demand for crude oil, gasoline, diesel and
other feedstocks and refined products. These in turn are dependent upon, among other things, the
availability and quantity of imports, the production levels of domestic and foreign suppliers,
levels of refined product inventories, U.S. relationships with foreign governments, political
affairs and the extent of governmental regulation.

Historically, refining margins have been volatile, and they are likely to continue to be volatile
in the future. Earnings on a diluted basis for 2003, 2004 and 2005 were $1.27 per share, $3.27 per
share and $6.10 per share, respectively. Refining margins were a significant contributing factor
to the increase in our earnings between 2003 and 2005. The increase in our earnings for these
periods is more fully described in Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations.”

Compliance with and changes in environmental laws could adversely affect our performance.

The principal environmental risks associated with our operations are emissions into the air and
releases into the soil, surface water or groundwater. Our operations are subject to extensive
federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to the
discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, pollution prevention measures and
characteristics and composition of gasoline and diesel fuels. If we violate or fail to comply with
these laws and regulations, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned. Because environmental laws
and regulations are becoming more stringent and new environmental laws and regulations are
continuously being enacted or proposed, such as those relating to methyl tertiary butyl ether, or
“MTBE,” CARB gasoline, the Tier II gasoline and distillate standards and the Maximum Available
Control Technology rule under the Clean Air Act, the level of expenditures required for
environmental matters could increase in the future. Future legislative action and regulatory
initiatives could result in changes to operating permits, additional remedial actions or increased
capital expenditures and operating costs that cannot be assessed with certainty at this time. In
addition, any major upgrades in any of our refineries could require material additional expenditures to comply with environmental laws and
regulations.

Disruption of our ability to obtain crude oil could adversely affect our operations.

A significant portion of our feedstock requirements are satisfied through supplies originating in
Saudi Arabia, Mexico, Iraq, Kuwait, Venezuela, Ecuador and Africa. We are, therefore, subject to
the political, geographic and economic risks attendant to doing business with suppliers located in,
and supplies originating from, those areas. If one or more of our supply contracts were
terminated, or if political events disrupt our traditional crude oil supply, we believe that
adequate alternative supplies of crude oil would be available, but it is possible that we would be
unable to find alternative sources of supply. If we are unable to obtain adequate crude oil
volumes or are able to obtain such volumes only at unfavorable prices, our results of operations
could be materially adversely affected, including reduced sales volumes of refined products or
reduced margins as a result of higher crude oil costs.

12

Table of Contents

Competitors that produce their own supply of feedstocks, have more extensive retail outlets, or
have greater financial resources may have a competitive advantage.

The refining and marketing industry is highly competitive with respect to both feedstock supply and
refined product markets. We compete with numerous other companies for available supplies of crude
oil and other feedstocks and for outlets for our refined products. We do not produce any of our
crude oil feedstocks. Many of our competitors, however, obtain a significant portion of their
feedstocks from company-owned production and some have more extensive retail outlets than we have.
Competitors that have their own production or extensive retail outlets (and greater brand-name
recognition) are at times able to offset losses from refining operations with profits from
producing or retailing operations, and may be better positioned to withstand periods of depressed
refining margins or feedstock shortages.

Some of our competitors also have materially greater financial and other resources than we have.
Such competitors have a greater ability to bear the economic risks inherent in all phases of our
industry. In addition, we compete with other industries that provide alternative means to satisfy
the energy and fuel requirements of our industrial, commercial and individual consumers.

A significant interruption in one or more of our refineries could adversely affect our business.

Our refineries are our principal operating assets. As a result, our operations could be subject to
significant interruption if one or more of our refineries were to experience a major accident, be
damaged by severe weather or other natural or man-made disaster, such as an act of terrorism, or
otherwise be forced to shut down. If any refinery were to experience an interruption in
operations, earnings from the refinery could be materially adversely affected (to the extent not
recoverable through insurance) because of lost production and repair costs.

Our operations expose us to many operating risks, not all of which are insured.

Our refining and marketing operations are subject to various hazards common to the industry,
including explosions, fires, toxic emissions, maritime hazards and uncontrollable flows of oil and
gas. They are also subject to the additional hazards of loss from severe weather conditions. As
protection against operating hazards, we maintain insurance coverage against some, but not all,
such potential losses. We may not be able to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount
we desire at reasonable rates. As a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for
certain of our insurance policies have increased substantially, and could escalate further. In
some instances, certain insurance could become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of
coverage. For example, insurance carriers are now requiring broad exclusions for losses due to war
risk and terrorist acts. If we were to incur a significant liability for which we were not fully
insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position.

13

Table of Contents

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS

We hereby incorporate by reference into this Item the environmental disclosures contained in the
following sections of this report:

•

Item 1 under the caption “Risk Factors – Compliance with and changes in
environmental laws could adversely affect our performance,”

•

Item 3 “Legal Proceedings” under the caption
“Environmental Enforcement Matters,”

•

Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations” under the caption “Environmental Matters,” and

•

Item 8 “Financial Statements” in Note 24 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Capital Expenditures Attributable to Compliance with Environmental Regulations. In 2005, our
capital expenditures attributable to compliance with environmental regulations were approximately
$1.1 billion, and are currently estimated to be approximately $1.3 billion for 2006 and
approximately $660 million for 2007. The estimates for 2006 and 2007 do not include amounts
related to capital investments at our facilities that management has deemed to be strategic
investments rather than expenditures relating to environmental regulatory compliance.