You should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this report. Each of these risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and/or liquidity, as well as, in certain cases, the value of an investment in our securities. Although the risks are organized by headings and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated.

Risks Related to Our Business, Industry, and Operations

Our financial results are affected by volatile margins, which are dependent upon factors beyond our control, including the price of feedstocks and the market price at which we can sell our products.

Our financial results are affected by the relationship, or margin, between our product prices and the prices for crude oil, corn, and other feedstocks that we purchase, which can vary based on global, regional, and local market conditions, as well as by type and class of product. Historically, product margins have been volatile, and we believe they will continue to be volatile in the future. Our cost to acquire feedstocks and the price at which we can ultimately sell products depend upon several factors beyond our control, including regional and global supplies of and demand for feedstocks (such as crude oil, waste and renewable feedstocks, and corn), 
liquid transportation fuels (such as gasoline, diesel, renewable diesel, and ethanol), 
and other products. These in turn depend on, among other things, the availability and quantity of feedstocks and liquid transportation fuels imported into the countries in which we operate, the production levels of suppliers, levels of product inventories, productivity and growth (or the lack thereof) of the U.S. and global economies, the U.S. government’s relationships with foreign governments, political affairs, the extent of government regulation, and the events described in many of the other risk factors below. The ability of the members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to agree on and to maintain crude oil price and production controls has also had, and is likely to continue to have, a significant impact on the market prices of crude oil and certain of our products. Additionally, the regulations, policies, and standards discussed under “ITEMS 1. and 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES—OUR COMPREHENSIVE LIQUID FUELS STRATEGY—
Regulations, Policies, and Standards Driving Low-Carbon Fuel Demand
” have had, and are likely to continue to have, a significant impact on the market prices of the feedstocks for, and products produced by, our low-carbon fuels businesses. Any adverse change in these regulations, policies, and standards (including, for example, changes in the price of carbon or other inputs that affect the value of our low-carbon fuels, such as approved fuel pathways, credits, or incentives) could have a material adverse effect on the margins we receive for our low-carbon fuels.

Some of these factors can vary by region and may change quickly, adding to market volatility, while others may have longer-term effects. The longer-term effects of these and other factors on product margins are uncertain. We do not produce crude oil, waste, renewable feedstocks (except inedible distillers corn oils), corn, or other primary feedstocks, and must purchase nearly all of the feedstocks we process. We generally purchase our feedstocks long before we process them and sell the resulting products. Price level changes during the period between purchasing feedstocks and selling the resulting products has had, and could continue to have, a significant effect on our financial results. A decline in market prices for our products and feedstocks has had, and could again have, a negative impact to the carrying value of our inventories. Factors outside of our control, such as economic uncertainty, inflation (and the potential for increased prices to create demand destruction), persistently high interest rates, public health crises (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), and political unrest or hostilities, have affected, and could continue to affect, economic activity and growth levels of the U.S. and other countries. A decrease in the demand for and consumption of our products due to lower economic activity and growth 

18

Table of Content
s

levels has caused, and could again cause, declines in our revenues and margins and could negatively impact our growth prospects and capital allocation decisions. 

Additionally, a significant portion of our profitability is derived from the ability to purchase and process crude oil feedstocks that historically have been cheaper than benchmark crude oils. These crude oil feedstock differentials vary significantly depending on many factors, including overall economic conditions and trends and conditions within the markets for crude oil and 
refined petroleum products
. Previous declines in such differentials have had, and any future declines will likely again have, a negative impact on our results of operations.

We are subject to risks arising from industry and market developments that could decrease the demand for our products.

A reduction in the demand for our products could result from a transition by consumers to alternative fuel vehicles, such as electric vehicles (EVs) and hybrid vehicles, whether as a result of government mandates or incentives, industry developments, or consumer or investor sentiment towards fossil fuels and GHG emissions. New developments may make alternative fuel vehicles more affordable or desirable, including improvements in battery and storage technology, increases in driving ranges, increased availability of charging stations and other infrastructure, expanded and more reliable supply chains, and improvements in hydrogen fuel cell technology. Any such developments could increase consumer acceptance and result in greater market penetration of alternative fuel vehicles.

There may be new entrants into the low-carbon fuels industry that could meet demand for lower-carbon transportation fuels and modes of transportation in a more efficient or less costly manner than our technologies and products. For example, several other companies have made, or announced interest in making, investments in renewable diesel, SAF, and other low-carbon projects. As these projects develop, we will face increased competition, including for feedstocks and customers, which could reduce our product margins and limit the growth and profitability of our low-carbon fuels businesses. While it is not currently possible to predict the ultimate form, timing, or extent of any such developments, any such event could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.

We are subject to risks arising from sentiment towards climate change, fossil fuels, GHG emissions, environmental justice, and other environmental, social, and governance (ESG) matters.

In recent years, a number of advocacy groups, both in the U.S. and internationally, have campaigned for government and private action to promote climate and other ESG-related changes, particularly at public companies, through activities including investment, engagement, and voting practices. These activities have included promoting the divestment of securities of fossil fuel companies, pressuring fossil fuel companies to commit to future output reductions, and pressuring lenders, insurers, and other market participants to limit or curtail activities with fossil fuel companies. As a result, we believe some parties have reduced or ceased lending to, investing in, or insuring fossil fuel companies. If these or similar efforts are continued, our ability to access capital markets, obtain new investment or financing, or to fully insure our operations may be negatively impacted.

These activities have also aimed to increase the attention on and demand for action related to various ESG matters, which has contributed to increasing societal, investor, and legislative focus and pressure on ESG practices and disclosures, including those related to climate change, GHG emissions targets, business resilience under the assumptions of demand-constrained scenarios, net-zero ambitions, GHG reduction 

19

Table of Content
s

plans, actions related to 
human capital management, 
political activities, environmental justice, racial equity audits, and governance standards. For example, ESG-focused activism has increased in the fossil fuel industry and has resulted in more frequent attempts to effect business or governance changes through mechanisms such as stockholder proposals, vote-no campaigns, and exempt proxy solicitations. As a result, we have faced, and expect to continue to face, increasing pressure regarding our ESG and climate-related disclosures, including our GHG emissions targets and ambition (including our methodologies and timelines with respect thereto), negative publicity, prescriptive stockholder requests, and demands for ESG-focused engagement. ESG h
as also become an increasingly politically charged issue, and “anti-ESG” sentiment and increased scrutiny and skepticism of ESG policies and practices have resulted in, and could continue to result in, additional demands and strains on companies.

Responding to such ESG-focused activism has been, and will likely continue to be, costly and time-consuming. Such response efforts have resulted in, and could continue to result in, the implementation of certain practices and disclosures that may present a heightened level of legal and regulatory risk, or that threaten our credibility with other investors and stakeholders. The methodologies and standards for tracking and reporting on ESG matters are relatively new, have not been standardized, and continue to evolve. As a result, our ESG-related metrics, targets, ambitions, and other disclosures, may not necessarily be calculated or presented in the same manner or be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by us in other contexts, or by other companies or third-party estimates or disclosures, and our interpretation of reporting standards may differ from those of others. While we believe that our ESG disclosures and methodologies reflect our business strategy and are reasonable at the time made or used, as our business or applicable methodologies, standards, or regulations develop and evolve, we may revise or cease reporting or using certain disclosures and methodologies if we determine that they are no longer advisable or appropriate, or are otherwise required to do so.

Our operations depend on the reliable supply of natural gas and electricity, which exposes us to various risks.

Our operations depend on the reliable supply of natural gas and electricity. We consume significant amounts of natural gas and electricity to operate our refineries and plants, and natural gas and electricity prices have a measurable effect on the total cost of our operations. We also purchase other commodities whose prices may vary depending on the prices of natural gas or electricity. The volatility of prices for both natural gas and electricity represent an ongoing challenge to our operating results. Additionally, the availability and cost of natural gas and electricity have been, and could continue to be, affected by numerous events, such as government regulations, weather (e.g., hurricanes and periods of considerable heat or cold, such as Winter Storm Uri in 2021), logistics interruptions, electric grid outages, cybersecurity incidents, intermittent electricity generation (particularly from wind and solar), hostilities, sanctions, human error, and supply and demand imbalances for natural gas and electricity. For example, the real-time market structure of the primary grid provider in Texas exposes many of our refineries and operations located in Texas to “scarcity pricing” during periods of supply and demand imbalance. As electrification continues to grow, or if there are increased restrictions or costs imposed on the ability of utilities or power suppliers to utilize certain energy sources (such as through restrictions on fossil fuel or nuclear-generated electricity or ESG pressure not to use such sources of electricity generation), there will likely be increased strains on and risks to the integrity, reliability, and resilience of electrical grids, and increased volatility and tightness in natural gas and electricity supplies across the world. These events could negatively affect the cost, reliability, and availability of our natural gas and electricity supplies and may cause sporadic outages disrupting our operations. Growing electrification and rapidly developing and increasing technology use (such as artificial intelligence, computer processing, cryptocurrency mining, and cloud storage, and the data centers and power supplies required to support these activities) will also 

20

Table of Content
s

likely increase the intermittency and decrease the reliability of electricity supplies, particularly for grids highly dependent upon wind and solar power, which would exacerbate the foregoing challenges. Additionally, increased government regulations and public opposition to pipeline construction and electricity generation and transmission projects have resulted in, and could continue to result in, the underinvestment in, or unavailability of, the infrastructure and logistics assets needed to obtain natural gas feedstocks and electricity in a reliable and cost-efficient manner. Although we actively manage these risks through contracting and hedging our exposure to price volatility as appropriate, and by pursuing projects that reduce our reliance on third parties and fortify the resilience of our assets, increases in prices for natural gas and electricity, or disruptions to our supply thereof, have in the past, and could again, materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.

We are subject to risks arising from the potential disruption of our ability to obtain feedstocks.

We source our petroleum-based and low-carbon fuels feedstocks from suppliers throughout the world. We are, therefore, subject to the political, geographic, and economic risks attendant to doing business with suppliers located in, and supplies originating from, different areas across the world, including global geopolitical and other conflicts and tensions that may impact trade flows and increase transportation costs. If one or more of our supply contracts were terminated, or if political or other events were to disrupt our traditional feedstock supply, we believe that adequate alternative supplies would be available, but it is possible that we would be unable to find adequate or optimal alternative sources of supply. Our refineries and plants without access to waterborne deliveries or offtake must rely on rail, pipeline, or ground transportation and thus may be more susceptible to such risks. If we are unable to obtain adequate or optimal volumes or are able to obtain such volumes only at unfavorable prices, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected, including from reduced sales volumes of products or higher operating costs. The U.S. government can also prevent or restrict us from doing business in or with other countries. For example, U.S. sanctions targeting Russia, Iran, and Venezuela limit, but do not necessarily ban, the ability of most U.S. companies to engage in petroleum-related transactions involving these countries. U.S. and other government sanctions and actions by governments and private market participants to refrain from purchasing or transporting crude oil and petroleum-based products from particular countries (such as in response to the Russia-Ukraine conflict) have impacted, and may continue to impact, trade flows, and have limited, and may continue to limit, our access to business opportunities in various countries.

Although Darling, the other joint venture member in DGD, supplies some of DGD’s waste feedstock at competitive pricing, DGD must still secure a significant amount of its waste and renewable feedstock requirements from other sources. If Darling’s supply is disrupted or if supply from other sources becomes limited or only available on unfavorable terms, DGD could be required to develop alternate sources of supply, and it could be required to increase its utilization of waste and renewable feedstocks that produce lower-margin products. As the volume of renewable diesel and other low-carbon fuels produced continues to increase, the competition for feedstocks will likely increase, and DGD will also likely be required to source a greater amount of its waste and renewable feedstocks from international sources, which would increase its exposure to the political, geographic, regulatory, and economic risks associated with international sourcing of supplies. A disruption to DGD’s feedstock supply could adversely impact its and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.

Our Ethanol segment relies on corn sourced from local farmers and commercial elevators in the Mid-Continent region of the U.S. The corn supply for our Ethanol segment is acutely exposed to the effects that weather and other environmental events occurring in that region can have on the amount or timing of crop production. Crop production is also affected by government policies (such as farming subsidies) and 

21

Table of Content
s

by market events (such as changes in fertilizer prices and rail disruptions). Reductions or delays in crop production from these or similar events could reduce and disrupt the supply of, or otherwise increase our costs to obtain, corn for our Ethanol segment, and such events have occurred periodically.

We are subject to risks arising from our operations outside the U.S. and generally to worldwide political and economic developments.

We operate and sell some of our products outside of the U.S., particularly in Canada, the U.K., Ireland, Mexico, and Peru, and are subject to disruptions in any of these markets, including due to actual or alleged violations of law; expropriation or impoundment of assets; failure of foreign governments and state-owned entities to honor their contracts; property disputes; economic instability; restrictions on the transfer of funds; duties and tariffs; profits, windfall, or other taxes or penalties; transportation delays; import and export controls; labor unrest; security issues involving key personnel; government decisions, orders, mandates, investigations, regulations, and issuances or revocations of permits and authorizations; the effects of military conflicts; and changing regulatory and political environments, including changes to U.S. and international laws and treaties governing foreign trade and related matters. The occurrence of any such event could result in the halting, curtailing, or cessation of operations at impacted facilities; commercial restrictions; delay, denial, or cancellation of projects, permits, and authorizations; and increased costs, fines, penalties, and burdens; any of which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Although we actively seek to manage these risks, we have experienced some of these events in the past and could experience additional events in the future. 

We are subject to interruptions and increased costs as a result of logistical disruptions and our reliance on third-party transportation of our feedstocks and products.

In addition to our own logistics assets, we use the services of third parties to transport feedstocks to our refineries and plants and to transport our products to market. If we experience prolonged interruptions of supply or increases in costs to deliver our products to market, or if the ability of the logistics assets used to transport our feedstocks or products is disrupted because of labor issues, weather events, dock availability, water levels of key waterways for trade, rail disruptions, cybersecurity incidents, accidents, derailments, collisions, fires, explosions, spills, public health crises, hostilities, or other government or third-party actions (including protests), it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Although we actively seek to manage these risks, we have experienced some of these events in the past and could experience additional events in the future.

Competitors that produce their own supply of feedstocks, own their own retail sites, or have greater financial resources may have a competitive advantage.

The refining and marketing industry is highly competitive with respect to both feedstock supply and refined petroleum product markets. We compete with many companies for available supplies of crude oil and other feedstocks, and for third-party retail outlets for our petroleum-based products. We do not produce any of our primary feedstocks (except inedible distillers corn oils) and we do not have a company-owned retail network. Some of our competitors, however, obtain a significant portion of their feedstocks from company-owned production and some have extensive networks of retail sites. Such competitors are at times able to offset losses from liquid transportation fuels production operations with such other operations, and may be better positioned to withstand periods of depressed product margins or feedstock disruptions. Some of our competitors also have materially greater financial and other resources 

22

Table of Content
s

than we have and may have a greater ability to bear the economic risks inherent in all phases of our industry.

We are subject to risks arising from an interruption in any of our refineries or plants.

Our refineries, DGD plants, and ethanol plants are our principal operating assets and are subject to planned and unplanned downtime and interruptions. Our operations could also be subject to significant interruption if one or more of our refineries or plants were to experience a major accident or mechanical failure, be damaged by severe weather or natural disasters (such as hurricanes) or man-made disasters (such as cybersecurity incidents or acts of terrorism), or otherwise be forced to shut down or curtail operations. If any refinery or plant, or related logistics assets, were to experience an interruption in operations, our earnings could be materially and adversely affected (to the extent not recoverable through insurance) because of lost productivity and repair and other costs. Significant interruptions in our operations could also lead to increased volatility in the price of our feedstocks and many of our products. We have experienced some of these events in the past, and although we focus on maintaining safe, stable, and reliable operations, we may experience additional events in the future.

Large capital and other strategic projects can take many years to complete, and the political and regulatory environments or other market conditions may change or deteriorate over time.

We engage in capital and other strategic projects based on many factors, including the forecasted project economics, political and regulatory environments, and the expected return on the capital to be employed. Large-scale projects take many years to complete, during which time the political and regulatory environment or other market conditions may change from our forecast. Supply chain disruptions may also delay projects or increase the costs associated therewith. As a result, such projects may not be completed on schedule or budget, or at all, and we may not fully realize our expected returns, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.

In addition, challenges to or opposition of fossil fuel infrastructure projects continue to make the approval and completion of such projects more difficult and costly. Despite government support for and acknowledgement of the importance of certain low-carbon fuels and technologies, such as carbon capture and sequestration, there has also been growing regional political and environmental opposition among various groups in certain geographies to many such projects. Such opposition may be taken into account by government or judicial officials in granting the relevant permits or authorizations, and has previously resulted in, and could again result in, permits and authorizations being challenged, delayed, denied, revoked, appealed, or conditionally granted. In certain instances, this has resulted in, and could again result in, the cancellation or restructuring of projects. 

Our investments in joint ventures and other entities decrease our ability to manage risk.

We conduct some of our operations through joint ventures in which we share control over certain economic, legal, and business interests with other joint venture members. We also conduct some of our operations through entities in which we have a minority or no equity ownership interest, such as the variable interest entities (VIEs) described in Note 12 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The other joint venture members and the third-party equity holders of the VIEs have certain economic, business, or legal interests, opportunities, or goals that are inconsistent with or different from our interests, opportunities, and goals, have different liquidity needs or financial condition characteristics than our own, are subject to different legal or contractual obligations than we are, and may be unable to meet their obligations. For example, while we operate the DGD Plants and perform certain day-to-day 

23

Table of Content
s

operating and management functions for DGD, we do not have full control of every aspect of DGD’s business and certain significant decisions concerning DGD, including acquiring or disposing of assets above a certain value threshold, making certain changes to its business plan, raising debt or equity capital, altering its distribution policy, and making certain other transactions, require approval from Darling. While we consolidate certain VIEs, we do not have full control of every aspect of these VIEs, or the actions taken by their third-party equity holders, some of which have affected, and could continue to affect, our business, legal position, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Failure by us, an entity in which we have a joint venture interest, or the VIEs to adequately manage the risks associated with such entities, and any differences in views among us and other joint venture members or the third-party equity holders in the VIEs, could prevent or delay actions that are in the best interest of us, the joint venture, or the VIE, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.

We may incur losses and additional costs as a result of our hedging transactions.

We currently use derivative instruments as described in Note 19 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and we expect to continue their use in the future. If the instruments we use to hedge our exposure to various types of risk are not effective or increase our exposure to unexpected events or risks, we may incur losses, and have experienced certain losses in the past. In addition, we may be required to incur additional costs in connection with any future regulation of derivative instruments applicable to us.

Legal, Government, and Regulatory Risks

We are subject to risks arising from legal, political, and regulatory developments regarding climate, GHG emissions, and the environment.

Many government authorities across the world have imposed, and may impose in the future, policies or regulations designed to facilitate less petroleum-dependent modes of transportation (e.g., increases in fuel economy or efficiency standards, low-carbon fuel standards, restrictions and bans on vehicles using liquid fuels, tariffs, tax incentives, and EV subsidies), which could reduce demand for our petroleum-based products and/or all liquid transportation fuels. For example, CARB has approved a series of regulations designed to phase out sales of internal combustion engine vehicles in California. CARB’s current Scoping Plan identifies strategies to reduce liquid petroleum consumption in California by 94 percent
, 
and CARB is actively engaged in a series of rulemaking efforts intended to fulfill these objectives. The European Union (EU), U.K., Canada, and Quebec have each adopted what they refer to as “zero-emissions vehicle” mandates and other government authorities across the world, such as Mexico, and other U.S. states have also announced, or are considering, plans and/or restrictions regarding the sale of new internal combustion engine vehicles, stricter tailpipe emissions standards, and limitations on or penalties for the use of petroleum-based products and certain biofuel feedstocks. 

The U.S. federal government under the current presidential administration has also been aggressive in the scope, magnitude, and number of actions it has taken to address GHG emissions and other environmental matters, including efforts to limit or eliminate petroleum-dependent modes of transportation. For example, the current administration utilizes a “whole of government” approach to climate change and environmental justice that seeks to organize and deploy the full capacity of the U.S. federal government in novel and coordinated ways to limit or eliminate the use of most petroleum-based products. The current administration has also issued a number of related executive orders, including orders requiring agencies to review environmental actions taken by the previous administration and directing the U.S. federal government to use its scale and procurement power to achieve a number of aspirational net-zero 

24

Table of Content
s

emissions goals, including seeking to limit or eliminate petroleum-based fuels by imposing mandates of so-called 100 percent zero-emission vehicle acquisitions, such as EVs and other alternative fuel vehicles, by 2035 and 100 percent zero-emission light-duty vehicle acquisitions by 2027. 

These actions have contributed to, and may continue to spur, a number of U.S. federal rulemakings and other actions that disfavor petroleum-dependent modes of transportation, many of which ignore or downplay the full life cycle carbon footprint of EVs, and thereby seek to inappropriately advantage them over internal combustion engine vehicles. For example, the EPA issued its “Revised 2023 and Later Model Year Light-Duty Vehicle Greenhouse Gas Emission Standards,” revising the GHG emissions standards for light-duty vehicles for 2023 and later model years at a level that cannot be achieved by internal combustion engine vehicles through improvements in combustion efficiency. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) also similarly issued its “CAFE Standards for MY 2024-26 Passenger Cars and Light Trucks,” increasing the corporate average fuel economy and carbon dioxide standards for certain passenger cars and light-duty trucks such that automakers cannot demonstrate compliance without increasing the sales of EVs. Together, these federal regulations seek to increase the market penetration of EVs and other alternative fuel vehicles, such that these vehicles would be expected to comprise 17 percent of model year 2026 passenger vehicle sales. The EPA states that its rule is projected to reduce gasoline consumption by more than 360 billion gallons by 2050, reaching a 15 percent reduction in annual U.S. gasoline consumption in 2050. Moreover, in April 2023, the EPA announced new, more ambitious proposed standards for model years 2027 to 2032 that the agency expects will drive 67 percent of new light- and medium-duty vehicles, 50 percent of heavy-duty vocational vehicles, 35 percent of short-haul tractors, and 25 percent of long-haul tractors sold in the U.S. to be EVs or other alternative fuel vehicles by 2032. In July
 2023, 
NHTSA also proposed increasing both the fuel economy standard for passenger cars and light trucks
 for model years 2027 to 2032 and the fuel efficiency standards for heavy-duty pickup trucks and vans for model years 2030 to 2035
. Additionally, in November 2023, the Federal Highway Administration finalized rules that require certain U.S. state departments of transportation and metropolitan planning organizations to establish declining tailpipe carbon dioxide emissions targets for motor vehicles. Most recently, in December 2023, the EPA announced final rules intended to sharply reduce emissions of methane and other air pollution from oil and gas operations. Within such rules, the EPA nearly quadrupled its estimate of the “social cost” of carbon dioxide, a measure that is often used by certain U.S. federal agencies as part of their analyses of the costs and benefits of more stringent climate regulation, which could result in stricter climate rules and regulations that disfavor internal combustion engine vehicles and liquid transportation fuels. The IRA, which was passed in August 2022, also includes substantial subsidies to promote EVs and other alternative fuel vehicles.

In addition to these U.S. federal measures, in March 2022, the EPA reinstated a waiver of preemption under federal law authorizing California to implement its “Advanced Clean Cars I” rule requiring sales of increasing percentages of alternative fuel vehicles, thereby also reviving other U.S. states’ ability to adopt standards identical to California’s. In November 2022, California approved its “Advanced Clean Cars II” rulemaking, which similarly requires an increasing percentage of “zero-emission” light-duty vehicle sales through 2035, at which time 100 percent of light-duty vehicle sales in California must be zero-emission vehicles. In May 2023, CARB requested the EPA grant a waiver of preemption for Advanced Clean Cars II, and the EPA opened CARB’s request for public hearing and comment in December 2023. Several other states have already adopted, or are expected to adopt, similar regulations or mandates. California is also pursuing similar zero-emission vehicle mandates for medium- and heavy-duty vehicles via its “Advanced Clean Trucks” rulemaking, which received a preemption waiver from the EPA in March 2023, and its “Advanced Clean Fleets” rulemaking, for which CARB applied to the EPA for a preemption waiver in November 2023, and it is foreseeable that the EPA may waive preemption to allow Advanced 

25

Table of Content
s

Clean Fleets to take effect in California and in those states that elect to follow the California program. Additionally, in July 2023, CARB announced a “Clean Truck Partnership” with various U.S. truck and engine manufacturers and the Truck and Engine Manufacturers Association that is aimed at advancing the development of EVs or other alternative fuel vehicles for the commercial trucking industry regardless of whether the regulatory mandate survives legal challenge. While these measures are being litigated, we face a risk that automakers will move forward with changing their manufacturing and marketing based on their expectations that they will be forced to transition to electrification in the transportation sector.

Moreover, there have been various international climate accords and multilateral agreements aimed at reducing GHG emissions, including the Kyoto Protocol in 2005, the Paris Agreement in 2015, and the United Nations Climate Summit in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (COP 28) in 2023, which, although not legally binding, have in certain instances resulted in, and are expected to continue to result in, additional government, regulatory, and private industry actions that are adverse to our industry. Incentives to conserve energy or use renewable energy sources in many locations where we currently operate, or may operate in the future, could also negatively impact our industry. Government authorities across the world have also announced, or are considering, profits or windfall taxes or penalties on fossil fuel companies, or have announced or imposed GHG emissions fees and other regulations that are adverse to refinery operations, could increase costs, and limit profitability. For example, in September 2022, the EU passed legislation imposing a profits tax and penalty on certain fossil fuel companies. Similar taxes and penalties have been proposed or adopted in California, such as Senate Bill No. 2 (such statute, together with any regulations contemplated or issued thereunder, SBx 1-2), which authorizes California to set a maximum gross gasoline refining margin and a penalty for refiners that exceed it.

These legal, political, and regulatory developments, as well as other similarly focused laws and regulations, such as, among others, the California and Quebec cap-and-trade programs, the U.K. Emissions Trading Scheme, the U.K. Renewable Transport Fuel Obligation, the South Coast Air Quality Management District’s Rule 1109.1 – Emissions of Oxides of Nitrogen from Petroleum Refineries and Related Operations, CARB’s Control Measure for Ocean-Going Vessels At Berth Rule, reductions in the National Ambient Air Quality Standards, bans or restrictions on certain chemicals, feedstocks, products, or processes, and other laws related to climate, GHG emissions, or environmental, health, or safety matters, have resulted in, and are expected to continue to result in, increased costs and capital expenditures, among other impacts, to (i) operate and maintain our facilities (including restrictions on certain refinery operations and requirements to modify our operations), (ii) install new emission controls or other equipment at our facilities, and (iii) administer and manage any emissions or blending programs, including obtaining emission credits, allowances, or allotments. Such risks are particularly acute in California due to the pace and scope of anti-fossil fuel developments there.

Many of these legal, political, regulatory, and international accord matters and developments are subject to considerable uncertainty due to a number of factors, including technological and economic feasibility, pending or anticipated legal challenges, and potential changes in law, regulation, or policy, and it is not currently possible to predict the ultimate effects of many of these matters and developments on us. However, such events could adversely restrict or affect our refinery operations and limit our profitability; cause us to make changes with respect to our business plan, strategy, operations, and assets, including our current financial and accounting estimates and assumptions; cause a reduction in demand for our products; and result in negative publicity and litigation; each of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.

26

Table of Content
s

We are subject to risks arising from the Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs, and other regulations, policies, international certifications, and standards impacting the demand for and traceability of low-carbon fuels.

As described under “ITEMS 1. and 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES—OUR COMPREHENSIVE LIQUID FUELS STRATEGY—
Regulations, Policies, and Standards Driving Low-Carbon Fuel Demand
,” government authorities across the world have issued, or are considering issuing, low-carbon fuel regulations, policies, and standards to help reduce GHG emissions and increase the percentage of low-carbon fuels in the transportation fuel mix. We strategically market our low-carbon fuels based on regional policies, regulations, feedstock preferences, CI scores, and our ability to obtain fuel pathways, credits, certifications, and incentives. A significant portion of our low-carbon fuels are sold in California, Canada, and the U.K. Regarding the RFS, in June 2023, the EPA announced final rules that increase RVOs for 2023, 2024, and 2025. While the final rules did not adopt the “eRIN” provisions included in its December 2022 proposal, which would have allocated RINs from renewable electricity used to power EVs and other alternative fuel vehicles to the vehicle manufacturer, the EPA noted that it will continue to work on potential paths forward for an eRIN program.

We are exposed to the volatility in the market price of RINs, LCFS credits, and other credits, as described in Note 20 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. We cannot predict the future prices of RINs, LCFS credits, or other credits. Prices for RINs, LCFS credits, and other credits are dependent upon a variety of factors, including, as applicable, EPA and state regulations, regulations of other countries and jurisdictions, the availability of RINs, LCFS credits, and other credits for purchase, transportation fuel production levels (which can vary significantly each quarter), approved CI pathways, and CI scores. Future RVOs, RFS changes, and small refinery exemption petition denials may also affect RIN prices. For example, if the RVOs for cellulosic biofuel are high relative to D3 RIN generation, RIN prices may rise, and the EPA may or may not issue cellulosic waiver credits in time to moderate price spikes, if at all. If an insufficient number of RINs, LCFS credits, or other credits are available for purchase (or available only at increased prices), or if we are otherwise unable to meet the EPA’s RFS mandates or our other obligations under the Renewable and Low-Carbon Fuel Programs 
(for example, if there were to be demand destruction for gasoline, diesel, and renewable fuels resulting from displacement of internal combustion engine vehicles with EVs that results in production falling short of established RVOs, an acceleration of the blendwall, or other significant deviations from projected volumes),
 our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity could be adversely affected. The adoption of an eRIN program could also increase RIN price volatility and result in other adverse impacts that cannot be fully predicted at this time.

In addition to the RFS and LCFS, we operate in multiple jurisdictions that have issued, or are considering issuing, similar low-carbon fuel regulations, policies, and standards, such as the CFR. The RFS, LCFS, and similar U.S. state and international low-carbon fuel regulations, policies, and standards are extremely complex, often have different or conflicting requirements or methodologies, and are frequently evolving, requiring us to periodically update our systems and controls to maintain compliance and monitoring, which impose substantial administrative burdens. In addition to regulation, demand is growing for renewable fuels certified through voluntary certification bodies such as the International Sustainability and Carbon Certification system, which presents business opportunities, but also entails additional administrative burdens. Our low-carbon fuels businesses could be materially and adversely affected if (i) these regulations, policies, and standards are adversely changed, not enforced, or discontinued, (ii) the benefits therefrom (such as Section 45Q, Section 45Z, and the blender’s tax credits) are reduced or discontinued, (iii) any of the products we produce are deemed not to qualify for compliance therewith or are not in sufficient demand, or (iv) we are unable to satisfy or maintain the conditions of any approved 

27

Table of Content
s

pathways or certifications. Such changes could also negatively impact the plans, expectations, assumptions, and projections with respect to our low-carbon projects and our GHG emissions targets and ambition, and could have a material adverse impact on the timing of completion, project returns, and other outcomes with respect to such projects.

Applicable environmental, health, and safety laws expose us to various risks.

Our operations are subject to extensive environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, including those relating to the discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, pollution prevention measures, GHG emissions, and characteristics and composition of fuels. Certain of these laws and regulations have in the past imposed, and could again impose, obligations on us to conduct assessment or remediation efforts at our refineries and plants, as well as at formerly owned properties or third-party sites where we have taken wastes for disposal or where our wastes may have migrated. The principal environmental risks associated with our operations are emissions into the air, handling of waste, and releases into the soil, surface water, or groundwater. Such laws have imposed, and may again impose, liability on us for the conduct of third parties or for actions that complied with applicable requirements when taken, regardless of negligence or fault.

Because environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations are becoming more stringent and new environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations are continuously being enacted or proposed, and are being interpreted and applied in new and controversial ways, the level of costs required for environmental matters has increased and is expected to continue to increase in the future. Additionally, U.S. and state regulatory agencies have become increasingly aggressive in the scope and frequency of, and the magnitude and type of the relief sought by, the enforcement and investigative actions they have pursued under applicable environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, particularly with respect to fossil fuel companies. This has been particularly acute in California. Such enforcement and investigative actions have resulted in, and are expected to continue to result in, increased costs, expenses, and negative publicity. Despite our efforts to maintain safe and environmentally responsible operations, in certain instances we have faced, and may continue to face, changing regulatory interpretations, regulatory fines or penalties, and liability for personal injury, property, and natural resource damage, environmental justice impacts, and assessment and remediation costs due to actual or alleged emissions, pollution, and/or contamination. We are also exposed to potential liability and costs related to regulated chemicals and other regulated materials, such as various perfluorinated compounds, per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances, benzene, MTBE, and petroleum hydrocarbons, at or from our current and formerly owned facilities (and new or additional regulations with respect to such materials may arise in the near future). Such liabilities and costs could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.

We are subject to risks arising from litigation, regulatory proceedings, and mandatory disclosure requirements related to climate change and other ESG matters, or aimed at the fossil fuel industry.

We could face increased climate‐related litigation with respect to our operations, disclosures, or products. Governments and private parties across the world have filed lawsuits or initiated regulatory action against fossil fuel companies. Such lawsuits and actions often allege non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations, or damages as a result of climate change, and seek damages and/or abatement under various tort and other theories, including under human rights or constitutional provisions. We have been named as a co-defendant in a lawsuit in state court by a county in Oregon seeking significant damages and abatement under various tort theories (including deceptive disclosures). We intend to vigorously defend against the allegations. However, the ultimate outcome and impact to us of such litigation cannot be 

28

Table of Content
s

predicted with certainty at this time, and we could incur substantial legal costs and reputational damage associated with defending such matter, and an adverse ruling could require us to pay significant damages. Similar lawsuits may be filed in other jurisdictions.

Governments and private parties are also increasingly filing lawsuits or initiating regulatory action based on allegations that certain public statements and disclosures by companies regarding climate change and other ESG matters are false or misleading “greenwashing” that violate deceptive trade practices, consumer protection statutes, or other similar laws and regulations, or are fraudulent or misleading under applicable corporate, securities, stock exchange, or other similar laws and regulations. Similar issues can also arise relating to aspirational statements, such as net-zero or carbon neutrality targets, or alignment with certain third-party frameworks or standards that are made without an adequate basis to support such statements. Governments, such as the states of New York and Vermont, have also sought to establish various climate change adaptation cost recovery programs, under which “responsible parties” could bear the costs of climate mitigation investments. These lawsuits and actions present a high degree of uncertainty regarding the extent to which fossil fuel companies face an increased risk of liability and reputational damage stemming from climate change or other ESG matters.

In addition to voluntary disclosures in response to investor and stakeholder requests, many governments have also proposed or adopted regulations that impose disclosure obligations with respect to various climate change and other ESG matters. For example, in March 2022, the SEC proposed sweeping and novel disclosure obligations with respect to climate change and GHG emissions reporting for U.S. publicly-traded companies. Also, in November 2022, various U.S. federal agencies jointly proposed an amendment to the Federal Acquisition Regulation that would require government contractors to publicly disclose their GHG emissions, respond to a climate disclosure questionnaire, and set and disclose GHG emissions reduction goals, in each case based on or utilizing specified private third-party frameworks or standards that have not been widely adopted. In addition, in October 2023, California adopted the (i) Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act (SB 253), (ii) Climate-Related Financial Risk Act (SB 261), and (iii) voluntary Carbon Market Disclosures Business Regulation Act (AB 1305), which impose a host of different broad and far-reaching climate disclosure obligations, including with respect to GHG emissions, climate financial-risk reporting, and statements regarding GHG emissions reductions. Other U.S. states have announced or proposed similar regulations. Other countries where we operate or do business, such as the U.K., have also passed laws requiring, or announced their intention to mandate, various climate disclosures and targets by companies. Some governments have also adopted regulations, or are launching investigations and requesting information, based on pricing practices in the fossil fuel industry. For example, in September 2022, California adopted the Oil Refinery Cost Disclosure Act (SB 1322), which requires refineries in California to report monthly on the volume and cost of the crude oil they buy, the quantity and price of the wholesale gasoline they sell, and the gross gasoline margin per barrel, among other information, some or all of which data could become publicly available. Some customers and third parties we do business with have begun requesting product-specific GHG emissions disclosures from us in connection with their own GHG emissions reporting. Our efforts to comply with these and other requests and regulations expose us to risk by requiring disclosure of information that (i) may be protected trade secrets and/or competitively sensitive information, (ii) exposes us to litigation and government regulatory actions and investigations, (iii) is inconsistent with other government regulations or our current disclosures that may utilize different methodologies or standards, (iv) is subject to many assumptions and inherent calculation difficulties, such as accuracy and completeness, and (v) may impact our business relationships, credibility, and reputation. 

As described in Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, in March 2023, California adopted SBx 1-2, which imposes increased and substantial reporting requirements on our business, including 

29

Table of Content
s

daily, weekly, monthly, and annual reporting of detailed operational and financial data on all aspects of our operations in California, much of it at the transaction level. In October 2023, in response to Governor Newsom’s direction, the California Energy Commission (CEC) voted to start both a proceeding to evaluate whether to establish a maximum margin and associated penalty and a rulemaking process focused on rules relating to the timing of refinery turnarounds and maintenance, among other things. While the CEC has not yet established a maximum margin, imposed a financial penalty for profits above a maximum margin, or imposed restrictions on turnaround and maintenance activities, the potential implementation of a financial penalty, maximum margin, or any restrictions or delays on our ability to undertake turnaround or maintenance activities, could adversely restrict or affect our refinery operations and limit our profitability, cause us to make changes with respect to our business plan, strategy, operations, and assets (including our current financial and accounting estimates and assumptions), and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.

We are subject to risks arising from compliance with and changes in tax laws.

We are subject to extensive tax liabilities imposed by multiple jurisdictions, including income taxes; indirect taxes (excise/duty, sales/use, gross receipts, and value-added taxes); and payroll, franchise, withholding, and ad valorem taxes. New tax laws and regulations and changes in existing tax laws and regulations are continuously being enacted or proposed that could result in increased expenditures for tax liabilities in the future. For example, the IRA contains significant changes to U.S. tax law including, but not limited to, a corporate minimum tax and a one percent excise tax on the purchase by companies of their own stock. 

Many of these tax liabilities are subject to periodic audits by the respective taxing authorities. Although we believe we have used reasonable interpretations and assumptions in calculating our tax liabilities, the final determination of these tax audits and any related proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Any adverse outcome of any of such tax audits or related proceedings could result in unforeseen tax-related liabilities that may, individually or in the aggregate, materially affect our cash tax liabilities, or create issues with respect to certain of our business permits, authorizations, and registrations, and, as a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which we operate may change significantly as a result of political or economic factors beyond our control. It is also possible that future changes to tax laws or tax treaties, or interpretations thereof, could impact our ability to realize the tax savings recorded to date and adversely affect our future effective tax rates.

Cybersecurity and Privacy Related Risks

We are subject to risks arising from a significant breach of our information systems.

Our information systems and network infrastructure may be subject to unauthorized access or attack (and we are frequently subject to such attempts), including ransom-related incidents that could result in increased costs to prevent, and be prepared to respond to or mitigate such events, such as deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees, and engaging third-party experts and consultants. Such unauthorized events could also result in (i) a loss of intellectual property, proprietary information, or employee, customer, supplier, or vendor data, (ii) public disclosure of sensitive information, (iii) systems interruption, (iv) disruption of our business operations, (v) remediation costs and repairs of system damage, (vi) reputational damage that adversely affects customer, supplier, or investor confidence, and (vii) damage to our business and competitiveness. A breach could also originate from or compromise our customers’, vendors’, suppliers’, or other third-party networks outside of our 

30

Table of Content
s

control that could impact our business and operations, as occurred with the Colonial Pipeline cybersecurity incident in May 2021. Although we implement internal controls on the connectivity of third parties to our systems that attempt to prevent or mitigate the impact from incidents affecting third-party systems, we have limited control over ensuring that third parties themselves are consistently enforcing strong cybersecurity controls over their systems. Increased risks of such attacks and disruptions also exist because of global geopolitical and other conflicts and tensions. A breach may also result in legal claims or proceedings against us by our stockholders, employees, customers, vendors, and government authorities. There can be no assurance that our current or future infrastructure protection technologies and disaster recovery plans can prevent or mitigate such breaches, cyber, and ransom-related incidents, or systems failures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. The continuing and evolving threat of cybersecurity incidents has also resulted in increased regulatory focus on prevention and disclosure, such as the directive issued by the U.S. Transportation Security Administration following the Colonial Pipeline cybersecurity incident, the obligations imposed by the U.S. Cyber Incident Reporting for Critical Infrastructure Act adopted in March 2022, and the SEC’s cybersecurity and governance disclosure rules issued in 2023. We may be required to expend significant additional resources to comply with such laws and regulations, incur fines for noncompliance, and otherwise be exposed to litigation and regulatory action as a result thereof.

Increasing legal and regulatory focus on data privacy and security issues could expose us to increased liability and operational changes and costs.

Along with our own data and information in the normal course of our business, we collect and retain certain data that is subject to specific laws and regulations. The compliant processing of this data domestically and transferring of this data across international borders continues to increase in complexity. This data is subject to regulation at various levels of government in many areas of our business and in jurisdictions across the world, including data privacy and security laws such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, the California Privacy Rights Act, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the U.K. and General Data Protection Regulation (U.K. GDPR), the standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission and the U.K. Parliament for the processing and transfer of personal data in compliance with the GDPR and/or the U.K. GDPR, and Quebec’s Bill 64. We also operate in other jurisdictions (such as Mexico and Peru) that have issued, or are considering issuing, data privacy laws and regulations. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission recently adopted rules requiring the reporting of certain data breaches. As the number and complexities of such laws and regulations continue to increase, we will face increasingly complex compliance, monitoring, and control obligations. As the implementation, interpretation, and enforcement of such laws continues to progress and evolve, there may also be developments that amplify such risks. Any failure by us to comply with these laws and regulations, including as a result of a security or privacy breach, or otherwise, could expose us to litigation and enforcement, and result in significant penalties, fines, and other liabilities.

General Risk Factors

Uncertainty and illiquidity in financial markets, or changes in our credit profile or ratings, can adversely affect our ability to obtain credit and capital, increase our costs, and limit our flexibility.

Our ability to obtain credit and capital depends in large measure on capital markets and liquidity factors that we do not control. Our ability to access credit and capital markets may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to access those markets, which could have an impact on our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. In addition, the cost and availability of debt and equity financing may be adversely impacted by persistently high interest rates, inflation, unstable or illiquid 

31

Table of Content
s

market conditions, or adverse changes in our credit profile or to our credit ratings. These factors could adversely impact and limit our ability to obtain favorable credit and debt financing, raise our cost of capital, or require us to provide collateral or other forms of security, which would increase our costs and restrict operational and financial flexibility. Unstable or illiquid market conditions could also negatively impact our pension plans’ assets and funding requirements.

From time to time, we may need to supplement our cash generated from operations with proceeds from financing activities or obtain letters of credit in certain commercial transactions. In addition, we rely on the counterparties to our commodity hedging and derivative instruments to fund their obligations under such arrangements. Uncertainty and illiquidity in financial markets could have an adverse impact on the costs or availability of the financial, commercial, and other services provided by such parties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.

We are subject to risks arising from severe weather events.

Severe weather events, such as storms, hurricanes, droughts, or floods, could have an adverse effect on our operations and could increase our costs. For example, severe weather events can have an impact on crop production and reduce the supply of, or increase our costs to obtain, feedstocks for our Ethanol and Renewable Diesel segments. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, costs and expenses associated with severe weather, such as to keep our facilities performing and to mitigate and reduce the risk of severe weather to our operations. If more intense or frequent severe weather events occur, the physical and disruptive effects could have a material adverse impact on our operations and assets.

Our business may be negatively affected by work stoppages, slowdowns, or strikes, as well as by new legislation or an inability to attract and retain sufficient labor, and increased costs related thereto.

Certain employees at five of our U.S. refineries, as well as at each of our Canada and U.K. refineries, are covered by collective bargaining or similar agreements, which generally have unique and independent expiration dates. To the extent we are in negotiations for labor agreements expiring in the future, there is no assurance an agreement will be reached without a strike, work stoppage, or other labor action. Any prolonged strike, work stoppage, or other labor action at our facilities or at facilities owned or operated by third parties that support our operations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Future U.S. federal, state, or international labor legislation could result in labor shortages and higher costs. An inability to recruit, train, and retain adequate personnel, or the loss or departure of personnel with key skills or deep institutional knowledge, may negatively impact our business. Inflation has also caused, and may in the future cause, increases in employee-related costs.

Our ability to fully insure losses arising from our operating hazards exposes us to various risks.

Our operations are subject to various hazards common to the industry, including explosions, fires, toxic emissions, maritime hazards, and natural catastrophes. As protection against these hazards, we maintain insurance coverage against some, but not all, potential losses and liabilities. We may not be able to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we need, or at acceptable rates. Premiums and deductibles for certain insurance policies could increase substantially based on market conditions. In some instances, certain insurance could become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. For example, coverage for hurricane damage is limited, and coverage for terrorism and cyber risks have broad exclusions. If we incur a significant loss or liability for which we are not adequately insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 

32

Table of Content
s