An investment in our common stock involves risks. You should carefully consider the following
risks, together with the information included in or incorporated by reference in this report before
deciding whether an investment in our common stock is suitable for you. If any of these risks
actually occurs, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially and
adversely affected. In such an event, the trading prices of our common stock could decline, and you
might lose all or part of your investment.

Risks and Uncertainties Related to the Mergers.

We may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the mergers.

     The mergers involve the integration of two companies that previously have operated
independently, each with its own business, customers, employees, culture and systems. To realize
the anticipated benefits from the mergers, we must successfully combine the businesses of Legacy
Vulcan and Florida Rock in a manner that permits, among other things, earnings growth and cost
savings. In addition, we must achieve these savings without adversely affecting revenues. If we are
not able to successfully achieve these objectives, the anticipated benefits of the mergers may not
be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected.

The failure to integrate successfully Legacy Vulcan’s and Florida Rock’s businesses and operations
in the expected time frame may adversely affect Vulcan’s future results.

     Until the completion of the mergers, Legacy Vulcan and Florida Rock operated independently. We
face significant challenges in consolidating functions, integrating their organizations, procedures
and operations in a timely and efficient manner and retaining key Legacy Vulcan and Florida Rock
personnel. The integration of Legacy Vulcan and Florida Rock will be costly, complex and time
consuming.

     The integration process and other disruptions from the transaction could be more costly than
we expect or result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of each company’s ongoing
businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect
our ability to maintain relationships with customers, suppliers, employees and others with whom we
have business dealings or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the mergers. Many of these
difficulties are outside of our control and any one of them could result in increased costs,
decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management’s time and energy, which
could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Integrating Legacy Vulcan and Florida Rock may divert management’s attention away from our
operations.

     Successful integration of Legacy Vulcan’s and Florida Rock’s organizations, procedures and
operations may place a significant burden on our management and its internal resources. The
integration efforts could divert management’s focus and resources from other strategic
opportunities and from operational matters during the integration process.

Our incurrence of additional debt to pay the cash portion of the merger consideration significantly
increased our interest expense, financial leverage and debt service requirements.

     We established $4.0 billion of new credit facilities in connection with the mergers, and
borrowed $3.35 billion under such credit facilities in order to (i) acquire 70% of the outstanding
shares of Florida Rock common stock, (ii) settle for cash the Florida Rock stock options
outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the mergers and (iii) finance our
transaction costs. Incurrence of this new debt significantly increased our leverage. There may be
circumstances in which required payments of principal and/or interest on this new debt could
adversely affect our cash flows and operating results.

8

Table of Contents

     There are various financial covenants and other restrictions in our debt instruments. If we
fail to comply with any of these requirements, the related indebtedness (and other unrelated
indebtedness) could become due and payable prior to its stated maturity. A default under our debt
instruments may also significantly affect our ability to obtain additional or alternative
financing.

     Our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our obligations with respect to
indebtedness will depend on our operating and financial performance, which in turn is subject to
prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors beyond our control.

The costs of the mergers could adversely affect our operating results.

     In connection with the mergers, we incurred certain costs, consisting of employee benefit
costs, investment banking, legal and accounting fees, and other related charges. In addition, we
will incur certain expenses in connection with the integration of Legacy Vulcan’s and Florida
Rock’s businesses, particularly relating to the management information systems.

Risks and Uncertainties Related to Other Aspects of Our Business.

The collapse of the subprime mortgage market and the slow recovery in residential construction
could continue to negatively affect our volumes.

     In some of our markets, particularly Florida and California, sales volumes have been
negatively impacted by the collapse of the subprime mortgage market and the severe slowdown in
residential construction. Our sales volumes and earnings could continue to be depressed and
negatively impacted by this segment of the market until these slowdowns in residential construction
improve.

A decline in public sector construction and reductions in governmental funding could adversely affect our
operations and results.

     In
2007, 47% of our sales volume of construction aggregates was made to contractors on publicly funded
construction. If, as a result of a loss of funding or a significant reduction in state or federal budgets,
spending on publicly funded construction were to be reduced significantly, our earnings and cash flows
could be negatively affected.

Weather can materially affect our quarterly results.

     Almost all of our products are used in the public or private construction industry, and our production and
distribution facilities are located outdoors. Inclement weather affects both our ability to produce and
distribute our products and affects our customers’ short-term demand since their work also can be hampered
by weather. Therefore, our results can be negatively affected by inclement weather.

Within our local markets, we operate in a highly competitive industry.

     The construction aggregates industry is highly fragmented with a large number of independent local
producers in a number of our markets. However, in most markets, we also compete against large private and
public companies. This results in intense competition in a number of markets in which we operate.
Significant competition could lead to lower prices, lower sales volumes and higher costs in some markets,
negatively affecting our earnings and cash flows.

Our long-term success is dependent upon securing and permitting aggregates reserves in strategically located areas.

     Construction aggregates are bulky and heavy and, therefore, difficult to transport efficiently. Because of
the nature of the products, the freight costs can quickly surpass the production costs. Therefore, except
for geographic regions that do not possess commercially viable deposits of aggregates and are served by
rail, barge or ship, the markets for our products tend to be very localized around our quarry sites. New
quarry sites often take a number of years to develop, so our strategic planning and new site development
must stay ahead of actual growth. Additionally, in a number of urban and suburban areas in which we
operate, it is increasingly difficult to permit new sites or expand existing sites due to community
resistance.

9

Table of Contents

Therefore, our future success is dependent, in part, on our ability to accurately forecast future areas of high
growth in order to locate optimally facility sites and on our ability to secure operating and environmental
permits to operate at those sites.

We use large amounts of electricity, diesel fuel, liquid asphalt and other petroleum-based resources that are
subject to potential supply constraints and significant price fluctuation.

     In our production and distribution processes, we consume significant amounts of electricity, diesel fuel,
liquid asphalt and other petroleum-based resources. The availability and pricing of these resources are
subject to market forces that are beyond our control. Our suppliers contract separately for the purchase of
such resources and our sources of supply could be interrupted should our suppliers not be able to obtain
these materials due to higher demand or other factors interrupting their availability. Variability in the
supply and prices of these resources could materially affect our operating results from period to period
and rising costs could erode our profitability.

We use estimates in accounting for a number of significant items. Changes in our estimates could affect our future
financial results.

     As discussed more fully in “Critical Accounting Policies” under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” on pages 22 through 38 of our 2007 Annual Report to
Shareholders, we use significant judgment in accounting for goodwill and goodwill impairment; impairment
of long-lived assets excluding goodwill; reclamation costs; pension and other postretirement benefits;
environmental compliance; claims and litigation including self-insurance; and income taxes. Although we
believe we have sufficient experience and reasonable procedures to enable us to make appropriate
assumptions and formulate reasonable estimates, these assumptions and estimates could change significantly
in the future and could result in a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position,
results of operations, or cash flows.

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings. We cannot predict the outcome of litigation and other
contingencies with certainty.

     We are involved in several class action and complex litigation proceedings, some arising from our previous
ownership and operation of our Chemicals business. Although we divested our Chemicals business in June 2005,
we retained certain liabilities related to the business. As required by generally accepted accounting
principles, we establish reserves when a loss is determined to be probable and the amount can be reasonably
estimated. Our assessment of probability and loss estimates are based on the facts and circumstances known
to us at a particular point in time. Subsequent developments in legal proceedings may affect our assessment
and estimates of a loss contingency. Furthermore, unfavorable results in one or more of these actions could
result in an adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
For a description of our current legal proceedings see Item 3, “Legal Proceedings” on pages 15 through 16 of
this report and Note 12, “Other Commitments and Contingencies,” on pages 65 through 68 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.

The costs of providing pension and healthcare benefits to our employees have risen in recent years. Continuing
increases in such costs could negatively affect our earnings.

     The costs of providing pension and healthcare benefits to our employees have increased substantially over
the past several years. We have instituted measures to help slow the rate of increase. However, if these
costs continue to rise, this could have an adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of
operations, or cash flows.

Our industry is capital intensive, resulting in significant fixed and semi-fixed costs. Therefore, our earnings
are highly sensitive to changes in volume.

     Due to the high levels of fixed capital required for the extraction and production of construction
aggregates, profitability as measured in absolute dollars and as a percentage of net sales (“margins”) can
be greatly impacted due to changes in volume.

10

Table of Contents

Our products generally must be transported by rail, truck, barge or ship, usually by third party providers.
Significant delays or increased costs affecting these transportation methods could materially affect our
operations and earnings.

     Our products are distributed either by truck to local markets or by rail, barge or oceangoing vessel to
remote markets. Costs of transporting our products could be negatively affected by factors outside of our
control, including rail service interruptions or rate increases, tariffs, rising fuel costs and capacity
constraints. Additionally, inclement weather, including hurricanes, tornadoes and other weather events, can
negatively impact our distribution network.

Our future success depends greatly upon attracting and retaining qualified personnel, particularly in sales and
operations.

     A significant factor in our future profitability is our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified
personnel. Our success in attracting qualified personnel, particularly in the areas of sales and
operations, is affected by changing demographics of the available pool of workers with the training and
skills necessary to fill the available positions, the impact on the labor supply due to general economic
conditions, and our ability to offer competitive compensation and benefit packages.

Changes in legal requirements and governmental policies concerning zoning land use, environmental and other areas
of the laws impact our business.

     Our operations expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities. Our operations are affected by
numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations related to zoning, land use and environmental
matters. Despite our compliance efforts there is the inherent risk of liability in the operation of our
business, especially from an environmental standpoint. These potential liabilities could have an adverse
impact on our operations and profitability. Our operations require numerous governmental approvals and
permits, which often require us to make significant capital and maintenance expenditures to comply with
zoning and environmental laws and regulations. Stricter laws and regulations, or more stringent
interpretations of existing laws or regulations, may impose new liabilities on us, require additional
investment by us in pollution control equipment, or impede our opening new or expanding existing plants or
facilities.

Our future growth is dependent in part on acquiring other businesses in our industry and successfully integrating
them with our existing operation.

     As a result of the limited opportunities to establish greenfield quarry sites, expansion of our business is
dependent in part on the acquisition of existing businesses that own aggregate reserves. Our future results
will be dependent in part on our ability to successfully integrate these businesses with our company.