An investment in our common stock involves risks. You should
 carefully consider the following risks, together with the
 information included in or incorporated by reference in this
 report, before deciding whether an investment in our common
 stock is suitable for you. If any of these risks actually
 occurs, our business, results of operations or financial
 condition could be materially and adversely affected. In such an
 event, the trading prices of our common stock could decline and
 you might lose all or part of your investment. The following is
 a list of our risk factors.

 FINANCIAL/ACCOUNTING
 RISKS

 We incurred additional debt to finance the Florida Rock
 merger which significantly increased our interest expense,
 financial leverage and debt service requirements —
 We incurred considerable short-term and long-term debt to
 finance the Florida Rock merger. This debt, which significantly
 increased our leverage, has been a significant factor resulting
 in downgrades in our credit ratings.

Our cash flow is reduced by payments of principal and interest
 on this debt. Our debt instruments contain various financial and
 contractual restrictions. If we fail to comply with any of these
 covenants, the related indebtedness (and other unrelated
 indebtedness) could become due and payable prior to its stated
 maturity. An event of default under our debt instruments

 Part
 I

 14

Table of Contents

 also
 could significantly affect our ability to obtain additional or
 alternative financing. Our debt ratings are currently under
 review for possible downgrade. If one or both rating agencies
 downgrade our ratings, it could further affect our ability to
 access financing.

 Our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our
 obligations with respect to indebtedness will depend on our
 operating and financial performance, which, in turn, is subject
 to prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business and
 other factors some of which are beyond our control.

 Difficult and volatile conditions in the credit markets could
 affect our financial position, results of operations and cash
 flows — The current economic environment has
 negatively affected the U.S. economy and demand for our
 products. Commercial and residential construction may continue
 to decline if companies and consumers are unable to finance
 construction projects or if the economic slowdown continues to
 cause delays or cancellations of capital projects.

 A slow economic recovery also may increase the likelihood we
 will not be able to collect on our accounts receivable from our
 customers. We have experienced payment delays from some of our
 customers during this economic downturn.

 The credit environment could limit our ability to obtain
 additional financing or refinancing and, if available, it may
 not be at economically favorable terms. Interest rates on new
 issuances of long-term public debt in the market may increase
 due to higher credit spreads and risk premiums. There is no
 guarantee we will be able to access the capital markets at
 favorable interest rates, which could negatively affect our
 financial results.

 We may need to obtain financing in order to fund certain
 strategic acquisitions, if they arise, or refinance our
 outstanding debt. We also are exposed to risks from tightening
 credit markets, especially in regard to access to debt and
 equity capital.

 Our industry is capital intensive, resulting in significant
 fixed and semi-fixed costs. Therefore, our earnings are highly
 sensitive to changes in volume — Due to the high
 levels of fixed capital required for extracting and producing
 construction aggregates, both our dollar profits and our
 percentage of net sales (margin) can be negatively affected by
 decreases in volume.

 We use estimates in accounting for a number of significant
 items. Changes in our estimates could affect our future
 financial results — As discussed more fully in
 “Critical Accounting Policies” under Item 6
 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations,” we use significant
 judgment in accounting for

 § 

 goodwill and goodwill impairment

 § 

 impairment of long-lived assets excluding goodwill

 § 

 reclamation costs

 § 

 pension and other postretirement benefits

 § 

 environmental compliance

 § 

 claims and litigation including self-insurance

 § 

 income taxes

 We believe we have sufficient experience and reasonable
 procedures to enable us to make appropriate assumptions and
 formulate reasonable estimates; however, these assumptions and
 estimates could change significantly in the future and could
 adversely affect our financial position, results of operations,
 or cash flows.

 ECONOMIC/POLITICAL
 RISKS

 Both commercial and residential construction are dependent
 upon the overall U.S. economy which has been recovering at
 a slow pace — Commercial and residential
 construction levels generally move with economic cycles. When
 the economy is strong, construction levels rise and when the
 economy is weak, construction levels fall. The overall
 U.S. economy has been adversely affected by this recession.
 Although most economists believe that the U.S. economy is
 now in recovery, the pace of recovery has been very slow. Since
 construction activity generally lags the recovery after down
 cycles, construction projects have not returned to their
 pre-recession levels.

Above average number of foreclosures, low housing starts and
 general weakness in the housing market continue to negatively
 affect demand for our products — In most of our
 markets, particularly Florida and California, sales volumes have
 been negatively impacted by foreclosures and a significant
 decline in residential construction. Our sales volumes and
 earnings

 Part
 I

 15

Table of Contents

 could continue to be depressed and negatively impacted
 by this segment of the market until the recovery in residential
 construction improves.

 Lack of a multi-year federal highway bill and changes to the
 funding mechanism for highway funding could cause states to
 spend less on roads — The last multi-year federal
 transportation bill, known as SAFETEA-LU, expired on
 September 30, 2009. Since that time, funding for
 transportation projects, including highways, has been provided
 pursuant to a series of continuing resolutions and the HIRE Act.
 The current continuing resolution is set to expire on
 March 4, 2011. Additionally, in January 2011, the House
 passed a new rules package that repealed transportation law
 dating back to 1998, which protected annual funding levels from
 amendments that could reduce such funding. This rule change
 subjects funding for highways to yearly appropriation reviews.
 Both the lack of a multi-year bill and the change in the funding
 mechanism increases the uncertainty of many state departments of
 transportation regarding funds for highway projects. This
 uncertainty could result in states being reluctant to undertake
 large multi-year highway projects which could, in turn,
 negatively affect our sales.

 Changes in legal requirements and governmental policies
 concerning zoning, land use, environmental and other areas of
 the law impact our business — Our operations are
 affected by numerous federal, state and local laws and
 regulations related to zoning, land use and environmental
 matters. Despite our compliance efforts, we have an inherent
 risk of liability in the operation of our business, especially
 from an environmental standpoint. These potential liabilities
 could have an adverse impact on our operations and
 profitability. In addition, our operations require numerous
 governmental approvals and permits, which often require us to
 make significant capital and maintenance expenditures to comply
 with zoning and environmental laws and regulations. Stricter
 laws and regulations, or more stringent interpretations of
 existing laws or regulations, may impose new liabilities on us,
 reduce operating hours, require additional investment by us in
 pollution control equipment, or impede our opening new or
 expanding existing plants or facilities.

 Climate change and climate change legislation or regulations
 may adversely impact our business — A number of
 governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating
 legislative and regulatory change in response to the potential
 impacts of climate change. Such legislation or regulation, if
 enacted, potentially could include provisions for a “cap
 and trade” system of allowances and credits, among other
 provisions. The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
 promulgated a mandatory reporting rule covering greenhouse gas
 emissions from sources considered to be large emitters. The EPA
 has also promulgated a greenhouse gas emissions permitting rule,
 referred to as the “Tailoring Rule” which requires
 permitting of large emitters of greenhouse gases under the
 Federal Clean Air Act. We have determined that our Newbery
 cement plant is subject to both the reporting rule and the
 permitting rule, although the impacts of the permitting rule are
 uncertain at this time. The first required greenhouse gas
 emissions report for the Newberry cement plant will be submitted
 to the Federal EPA by March 31, 2011.

 Other potential impacts of climate change include physical
 impacts such as disruption in production and product
 distribution due to impacts from major storm events, shifts in
 regional weather patterns and intensities, and potential impacts
 from sea level changes. There is also a potential for climate
 change legislation and regulation to adversely impact the cost
 of purchased energy and electricity.

 The impacts of climate change on our operations and the company
 overall are highly uncertain and difficult to estimate. However,
 climate change and legislation and regulation concerning
 greenhouse gases could have a material adverse effect on our
 future financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

 GROWTH AND
 COMPETITIVE RISKS

 Within our local markets, we operate in a highly competitive
 industry — The construction aggregates industry is
 highly fragmented with a large number of independent local
 producers in a number of our markets. Additionally, in most
 markets, we also compete against large private and public
 companies, some of which are more vertically integrated than we
 are. Therefore, there is intense competition in a number of
 markets in which we operate. This significant competition could
 lead to lower prices, lower sales volumes and higher costs in
 some markets, negatively affecting our earnings and cash flows.
 In certain markets, vertically integrated competitors have
 acquired a portion of our asphalt mix and ready-mixed concrete
 customers and this trend may continue to accelerate.

 Our long-term success depends upon securing and permitting
 aggregates reserves in strategically located areas —
 Construction aggregates are bulky and heavy and, therefore,
 difficult to transport efficiently. Because of the nature of the products, the freight costs can quickly surpass the production
 costs. Therefore, except for geographic regions that do not
 possess commercially viable deposits of aggregates and are
 served by rail, barge or ship, the markets for our products tend to be
 very localized around our quarry sites and are served by truck.
 New quarry sites often take a number of years to develop,

 Part
 I

 16

Table of Contents

 therefore our strategic planning and new site development must
 stay ahead of actual growth. Additionally, in a number of urban
 and suburban areas in which we operate, it is increasingly
 difficult to permit new sites or expand existing sites due to
 community resistance. Therefore, our future success is
 dependent, in part, on our ability to accurately forecast future
 areas of high growth in order to locate optimal facility sites
 and on our ability to secure operating and environmental permits
 to operate at those sites.

 Our future growth depends in part on acquiring other
 businesses in our industry and successfully integrating them
 with our existing operations — The expansion of
 our business is dependent in part on the acquisition of existing
 businesses that own or control aggregates reserves. Disruptions
 in the availability of credit and financing could make it more
 difficult to capitalize on potential acquisitions. Additionally,
 with regard to the acquisitions we are able to complete, our
 future results will be dependent in part on our ability to
 successfully integrate these businesses with our existing
 operations.

 PERSONNEL
 RISKS

 Our future success greatly depends upon attracting and
 retaining qualified personnel, particularly in sales and
 operations — A significant factor in our future
 profitability is our ability to attract, develop and retain
 qualified personnel. Our success in attracting qualified
 personnel, particularly in the areas of sales and operations, is
 affected by changing demographics of the available pool of
 workers with the training and skills necessary to fill the
 available positions, the impact on the labor supply due to
 general economic conditions, and our ability to offer
 competitive compensation and benefit packages.

 The costs of providing pension and healthcare benefits to our
 employees have risen in recent years. Continuing increases in
 such costs could negatively affect our earnings —
 The costs of providing pension and healthcare benefits to
 our employees have increased substantially over the past several
 years. We have instituted measures to help slow the rate of
 increase. However, if these costs continue to rise, we could
 suffer an adverse effect on our financial position, results of
 operations or cash flows.

 OTHER
 RISKS

 Weather can materially affect our operating
 results — Almost all of our products are used in
 the public or private construction industry, and our production
 and distribution facilities are located outdoors. Inclement
 weather affects both our ability to produce and distribute our
 products and affects our customers’ short-term demand
 because their work also can be hampered by weather. Therefore,
 our financial results can be negatively affected by inclement
 weather.

 Our products are transported by truck, rail, barge or ship,
 primarily by third-party providers. Significant delays or
 increased costs affecting these transportation methods could
 materially affect our operations and earnings —
 Our products are distributed either by truck to local
 markets or by rail, barge or oceangoing vessel to remote
 markets. The costs of transporting our products could be
 negatively affected by factors outside of our control, including
 rail service interruptions or rate increases, tariffs, rising
 fuel costs and capacity constraints. Additionally, inclement
 weather, including hurricanes, tornadoes and other weather
 events, can negatively impact our distribution network.

 We use large amounts of electricity, diesel fuel, liquid
 asphalt and other petroleum-based resources that are subject to
 potential supply constraints and significant price
 fluctuation — In our production and distribution
 processes, we consume significant amounts of electricity, diesel
 fuel, liquid asphalt and other petroleum-based resources. The
 availability and pricing of these resources are subject to
 market forces that are beyond our control. Our suppliers
 contract separately for the purchase of such resources and our
 sources of supply could be interrupted should our suppliers not
 be able to obtain these materials due to higher demand or other
 factors that interrupt their availability. Variability in the
 supply and prices of these resources could materially affect our
 operating results from period to period and rising costs could
 erode our profitability.

 We are involved in a number of legal proceedings. We cannot
 predict the outcome of litigation and other contingencies with
 certainty — We are involved in several class
 action and complex litigation proceedings, some arising from our
 previous ownership and operation of our Chemicals business.
 Although we divested our Chemicals business in June 2005, we
 retained certain liabilities related to the business. As
 required by generally accepted accounting principles, we
 establish reserves when a loss is determined to be probable and
 the amount can be reasonably estimated. Our assessment of probability and
 loss estimates are based on the facts and circumstances known to
 us at a particular point in time. Subsequent developments in
 legal proceedings may affect our assessment and estimates of a
 loss contingency, and could result in an adverse effect on our
 financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. For a
 description of our current significant legal proceedings see
 Note 12 “Commitments and Contingencies” in
 Item 8 “Financial Statements and Supplementary
 Data.”

 Part
 I

 17

Table of Contents

 We are involved in certain environmental matters. We cannot
 predict the outcome of these contingencies with
 certainty — We are involved in environmental
 investigations and cleanups at sites where we operate or have
 operated in the past or sent materials for recycling or
 disposal, primarily in connection with our divested Chemicals
 and Metals businesses. As required by generally accepted
 accounting principles, we establish reserves when a loss is
 determined to be probable and the amount can be reasonably
 estimated. Our assessment of probability and loss estimates are
 based on the facts and circumstances known to us at a particular
 point in time. Subsequent developments related to these matters
 may affect our assessment and estimates of loss contingency, and
 could result in an adverse effect on our financial position,
 results of operations, or cash flows. For a description of our
 current significant environmental matters see Note 12
 “Commitments and Contingencies” in Item 8
 “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”