An investment in our common stock involves risks. You should carefully consider the following risks, together with the information included in or
incorporated by reference in this report, before deciding whether an investment in our common stock is suitable for you. If any of these risks actually occurs, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially and
adversely affected. In such an event, the trading prices of our common stock could decline and you might lose all or part of your investment. The following is a list of our risk factors. 

RISKS RELATING TO THE UNSOLICITED EXCHANGE OFFER 

Martin Marietta’s unsolicited
exchange offer and proxy contest may require us to incur significant additional costs and otherwise cause disruption to our business — On December 12, 2011, Martin Marietta commenced an unsolicited exchange offer for all outstanding
shares of our common stock at a fixed exchange ratio of 0.50 shares of Martin Marietta common stock for each Vulcan common share and indicated its intention to nominate a slate of directors to our Board. After careful consideration, including a
thorough review of the offer with its financial and legal advisors, our Board unanimously determined that Martin Marietta’s offer is inadequate, substantially undervalues Vulcan, and is not in the best interests of Vulcan and its shareholders.

In response to Martin Marietta’s actions, we have incurred and will continue to incur, substantial legal, investment banking and other
professional fees, and may incur significant additional costs, as well as experience a disruption to, and distraction in, our business and operations, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Additionally, as a
consequence of the uncertainty generated by Martin Marietta’s actions as to the future direction of our company, our employees may pursue other employment opportunities or suffer from reduced morale, and our ability to attract and retain key
personnel and business partners and realize potential business opportunities may be harmed. If key employees leave as a result of Martin Marietta’s actions or have their morale adversely affected, or if we are unable to attract or retain
qualified personnel and business partners or realize potential business opportunities, our business and results of operations would be negatively affected. 

Moreover, if a takeover were to be consummated and our company’s credit ratings were to be downgraded, a change-in-control under certain of our company’s indebtedness agreements may result and
require some of our indebtedness to be repurchased or result in its acceleration. 

In addition, Martin Marietta’s actions, including its
unsolicited offer, could cause our company’s stock price to fluctuate significantly. 

FINANCIAL/ACCOUNTING RISKS 

Continued slow economic recovery in the construction industry may result in an impairment of our goodwill — We test goodwill for impairment on an
annual basis or more frequently if events or circumstances change in a manner that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. While we have not identified any events or changes in circumstances
since our annual impairment test on November 1, 2011 that indicate the fair value of any of our reporting units is below its carrying value, the timing of a sustained recovery in the construction industry may have a significant effect on the
fair value of our reporting units. A significant decrease in the estimated fair value of one or more of our reporting units could result in the recognition of a material, noncash write-down of goodwill that would reduce equity and

Part I

17

Table of Contents

result in an increase in our total debt as a percentage of total capital (42.6% as of December 31, 2011). The indenture governing our notes contains a covenant limiting our total debt as a
percentage of total capital to 65%. We believe that it is highly unlikely that any potential write-down in goodwill would result in a violation of this covenant. 

We incurred additional debt to finance the Florida Rock merger which significantly increased our interest expense, financial leverage and debt service requirements — We incurred considerable
short-term and long-term debt to finance the Florida Rock merger. This debt, which significantly increased our leverage, has been a significant factor in downgrades in our credit ratings. 

Our cash flow is reduced by payments of principal and interest on this debt. Our debt instruments contain various financial and contractual restrictions (or covenants). If we fail to comply with any of these
covenants, the related indebtedness (and other unrelated indebtedness) could become due and payable prior to its stated maturity. An event of default under our debt instruments also could significantly affect our ability to obtain additional or
alternative financing. 

Our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our obligations with respect to indebtedness will depend on our
operating and financial performance, which, in turn, is subject to prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. 

Difficult and volatile conditions in the credit markets could negatively affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows — The current economic environment has negatively
affected the U.S. economy and demand for our products. Commercial and residential construction may continue to decline if companies and consumers are unable to finance construction projects or if the economic slowdown continues to cause delays or
cancellations of capital projects. 

A slow economic recovery also may increase the likelihood we will not be able to collect on our accounts
receivable from our customers. We have experienced payment delays from some of our customers during this economic downturn. 

The credit
environment could limit our ability to obtain additional financing or refinancing and, if available, it may not be at economically favorable terms. Interest rates on new issuances of long-term public debt in the market may increase due to higher
credit spreads and risk premiums. There is no guarantee we will be able to access the capital markets at favorable interest rates, which could negatively affect our financial results. 

We may need to obtain financing in order to fund certain strategic acquisitions, if they arise, or refinance our outstanding debt. We also are exposed to risks from tightening credit markets, especially in
regard to access to debt and equity capital. 

Our new regional alignment and restructuring of our accounting and certain administrative
functions may not yield the anticipated efficiencies and may result in a loss of key personnel — In December 2011, we announced a major change in the structure of our business, going from eight geographical divisions to four regions. We
have taken steps to consolidate the operations, sales, finance, human resources, engineering and geologic services functions. This consolidation is expected to reduce the cost of overhead support functions going forward. However, the cost of such
consolidation, which includes severance, relocation and other costs could exceed our estimates. The administrative efficiencies which we believe will result from the consolidation may not be realized to the extent anticipated thereby reducing the
operating income benefit. Additionally, key personnel may decide not to relocate and employees affected by the consolidation may leave us prior to completing the transition efforts, which may slow the restructuring process and increase its cost.

Our recently announced earnings growth initiatives, including a Profit Enhancement Plan and Planned Asset Sales, may not be able to be
realized to the desired degree or within the desired time period, and therefore the results of these initiative may differ materially from those anticipated — In February 2012, we announced a two-part initiative to accelerate earnings
growth and improve our credit profile. This initiative includes a plan to reduce costs and other earnings enhancements for a $100 million earnings effect over the next 18 months. We also announced a plan to sell certain assets over the next 12 to 18
months for net after-tax proceeds of $500 million. These anticipated results are subject to a number of execution risks that could result in actual results that are much lower than the anticipated results. Additionally, even if the results are
achieved, it could take longer than the announced timeframe before such results may be realized. 

Our industry is capital intensive, resulting
in significant fixed and semi-fixed costs. Therefore, our earnings are highly sensitive to changes in volume — Due to the high levels of fixed capital required for extracting and producing construction aggregates, both our dollar profits
and our percentage of net sales (margin) could be negatively affected by decreases in volume. 

Part I

18

Table of Contents

We use estimates in accounting for a number of significant items. Changes in our estimates could adversely
affect our future financial results — As discussed more fully in “Critical Accounting Policies” under Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” we use
significant judgment in accounting for: 

§

goodwill and goodwill impairment 

§

impairment of long-lived assets excluding goodwill 

§

reclamation costs 

§

pension and other postretirement benefits 

§

environmental compliance 

§

claims and litigation including self-insurance 

§

income taxes 

We believe we have sufficient
experience and reasonable procedures to enable us to make appropriate assumptions and formulate reasonable estimates; however, these assumptions and estimates could change significantly in the future and could adversely affect our financial
position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

ECONOMIC/POLITICAL RISKS 

Both commercial and residential construction are dependent upon the overall U.S. economy which has been recovering at a slow pace — Commercial and residential construction levels generally move
with economic cycles. When the economy is strong, construction levels rise and when the economy is weak, construction levels fall. The overall U.S. economy has been adversely affected by this recession. Although most economists believe that the U.S.
economy is now in recovery, the pace of recovery has been very slow. Since construction activity generally lags the recovery after down cycles, construction projects have not returned to their pre-recession levels. 

Above average number of foreclosures, low housing starts and general weakness in the housing market could continue to negatively affect demand for our
products — In most of our markets, particularly Florida and California, sales volumes have been negatively impacted by foreclosures and a significant decline in residential construction. Our sales volumes and earnings could continue to be
depressed and negatively impacted by this segment of the market until the recovery in residential construction improves. 

Lack of a multi-year
federal highway bill and changes to the funding mechanism for highway funding could cause states to spend less on roads which may negatively impact our revenues — The last multi-year federal transportation bill, known as SAFETEA-LU, expired
on September 30, 2009. Since that time, funding for transportation projects, including highways, has been provided by a series of continuing resolutions. The current continuing resolution expires on March 31, 2012. Additionally, in January
2011 the U.S. House of Representatives passed a new rules package that repealed a longstanding point of order that had protected annual authorized highway funding levels from amendments that could subsequently reduce such authorized levels. The rule
change could potentially result in an authorized level of funding being subsequently reduced at some point in the legislative process. Both the lack of a multi-year bill and the change in the funding mechanism increases the uncertainty regarding
funds for highway projects. This uncertainty could result in state departments of transportation failing to undertake large multi-year highway projects which could, in turn, negatively affect our sales. 

Changes in legal requirements and governmental policies concerning zoning, land use, environmental and other areas of the law may result in additional
liabilities, a reduction in operating hours and additional capital expenditures — Our operations are affected by numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations related to zoning, land use and environmental matters. Despite our
compliance efforts, we have an inherent risk of liability in the operation of our business. These potential liabilities could have an adverse impact on our operations and profitability. In addition, our operations are subject to environmental,
zoning and land use requirements and require numerous governmental approvals and permits, which often require us to make significant capital and maintenance and operating expenditures to comply with the applicable requirements. Stricter laws and
regulations, or more stringent interpretations of existing laws or regulations, may impose new liabilities on us, reduce operating hours, require additional investment by us in pollution control equipment, or impede our opening new or expanding
existing plants or facilities. 

Part I

19

Table of Contents

Climate change and climate change legislation or regulations may adversely impact our business — A
number of governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating legislative and regulatory change in response to the potential impacts of climate change. Such legislation or regulation, if enacted, potentially could include provisions for a
“cap and trade” system of allowances and credits, among other provisions. The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) promulgated a mandatory reporting rule covering greenhouse gas emissions from sources considered to be large emitters. The
EPA has also promulgated a greenhouse gas emissions permitting rule, referred to as the “Tailoring Rule,” which requires permitting of large emitters of greenhouse gases under the Federal Clean Air Act. We have determined that our Newbery
cement plant is subject to both the reporting rule and the permitting rule, although the impacts of the permitting rule are uncertain at this time. The first required greenhouse gas emissions report for the Newberry cement plant was submitted to the
EPA on March 31, 2011. 

Other potential impacts of climate change include physical impacts such as disruption in production and product
distribution due to impacts from major storm events, shifts in regional weather patterns and intensities, and potential impacts from sea level changes. There is also a potential for climate change legislation and regulation to adversely impact the
cost of purchased energy and electricity. 

The impacts of climate change on our operations and the company overall are highly uncertain and
difficult to estimate. However, climate change and legislation and regulation concerning greenhouse gases could have a material adverse effect on our future financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

GROWTH AND COMPETITIVE RISKS 

Within
our local markets, we operate in a highly competitive industry which may negatively impact prices, volumes and costs — The construction aggregates industry is highly fragmented with a large number of independent local producers in a number
of our markets. Additionally, in most markets, we also compete against large private and public companies, some of which are more vertically integrated than we are. Therefore, there is intense competition in a number of markets in which we operate.
This significant competition could lead to lower prices, lower sales volumes and higher costs in some markets, negatively affecting our earnings and cash flows. In certain markets, vertically integrated competitors have acquired a portion of our
asphalt mix and ready-mixed concrete customers and this trend may accelerate. 

Our long-term success depends upon securing and permitting
aggregates reserves in strategically located areas. If we are unable to secure and permit such reserves it could negatively affect our earnings in the future — Construction aggregates are bulky and heavy and, therefore, difficult to
transport efficiently. Because of the nature of the products, the freight costs can quickly surpass the production costs. Therefore, except for geographic regions that do not possess commercially viable deposits of aggregates and are served by rail,
barge or ship, the markets for our products tend to be very localized around our quarry sites and are served by truck. New quarry sites often take a number of years to develop, therefore our strategic planning and new site development must stay
ahead of actual growth. Additionally, in a number of urban and suburban areas in which we operate, it is increasingly difficult to permit new sites or expand existing sites due to community resistance. Therefore, our future success is dependent, in
part, on our ability to accurately forecast future areas of high growth in order to locate optimal facility sites and on our ability to secure operating and environmental permits to operate at those sites. 

Our future growth depends in part on acquiring other businesses in our industry and successfully integrating them with our existing operations. If we are
unable to successfully integrate acquisitions, it could lead to higher costs and could negatively affect our earnings — The expansion of our business is dependent in part on the acquisition of existing businesses that own or control
aggregates reserves. Disruptions in the availability of financing could make it more difficult to capitalize on potential acquisitions. Additionally, with regard to the acquisitions we are able to complete, our future results will be dependent in
part on our ability to successfully integrate these businesses with our existing operations. 

PERSONNEL RISKS 

Our future success greatly depends upon attracting and retaining qualified personnel, particularly in sales and operations — A significant factor
in our future profitability is our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified personnel. Our success in attracting qualified personnel, particularly in the areas of sales and operations, is affected by changing demographics of the available
pool of workers with the training and skills necessary to fill the available positions, the impact on the labor supply due to general economic conditions, and our ability to offer competitive compensation and benefit packages. 

Part I

20

Table of Contents

The costs of providing pension and healthcare benefits to our employees have risen in recent years.
Continuing increases in such costs could negatively affect our earnings — The costs of providing pension and healthcare benefits to our employees have increased substantially over the past several years. We have instituted measures to help
slow the rate of increase. However, if these costs continue to rise, we could suffer an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

OTHER RISKS 

Weather can materially affect our operating results — Almost all
of our products are consumed outdoors in the public or private construction industry, and our production and distribution facilities are located outdoors. Inclement weather affects both our ability to produce and distribute our products and affects
our customers’ short-term demand because their work also can be hampered by weather. Therefore, our financial results can be negatively affected by inclement weather. 

Our products are transported by truck, rail, barge or ship, often by third-party providers. Significant delays or increased costs affecting these transportation methods could materially affect our
operations and earnings — Our products are distributed either by truck to local markets or by rail, barge or oceangoing vessel to remote markets. The costs of transporting our products could be negatively affected by factors outside of our
control, including rail service interruptions or rate increases, tariffs, rising fuel costs and capacity constraints. Additionally, inclement weather, including hurricanes, tornadoes and other weather events, can negatively impact our distribution
network. 

We use large amounts of electricity, diesel fuel, liquid asphalt and other petroleum-based resources that are subject to potential
supply constraints and significant price fluctuation, which could affect our operating results and profitability — In our production and distribution processes, we consume significant amounts of electricity, diesel fuel, liquid asphalt and
other petroleum-based resources. The availability and pricing of these resources are subject to market forces that are beyond our control. Our suppliers contract separately for the purchase of such resources and our sources of supply could be
interrupted should our suppliers not be able to obtain these materials due to higher demand or other factors that interrupt their availability. Variability in the supply and prices of these resources could materially affect our operating results
from period to period and rising costs could erode our profitability. 

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings. We cannot predict the
outcome of litigation and other contingencies with certainty — We are involved in several complex litigation proceedings, some arising from our previous ownership and operation of our Chemicals business. Although we divested our Chemicals
business in June 2005, we retained certain liabilities related to the business. As required by generally accepted accounting principles, we establish reserves when a loss is determined to be probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Our
assessment of probability and loss estimates are based on the facts and circumstances known to us at a particular point in time. Subsequent developments in legal proceedings may affect our assessment and estimates of a loss contingency, and could
result in an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. For a description of our current significant legal proceedings see Note 12 “Commitments and Contingencies” in Item 8 “Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data.” 

We are involved in certain environmental matters. We cannot predict the outcome of these
contingencies with certainty — We are involved in environmental investigations and cleanups at sites where we operate or have operated in the past or sent materials for recycling or disposal, primarily in connection with our divested
Chemicals and Metals businesses. As required by generally accepted accounting principles, we establish reserves when a loss is determined to be probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Our assessment of probability and loss estimates are
based on the facts and circumstances known to us at a particular point in time. Subsequent developments related to these matters may affect our assessment and estimates of loss contingency, and could result in an adverse effect on our financial
position, results of operations or cash flows. For a description of our current significant environmental matters see Note 12 “Commitments and Contingencies” in Item 8 “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

Part I

21

Table of Contents