An investment in our common stock involves risks. You should carefully consider the following
risks, together with the information included in or incorporated by reference in this report,
before deciding whether an investment in our common stock is suitable for you. If any of these
risks actually occurs, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be
materially and adversely affected. In such an event, the trading prices of our common stock could
decline, and you might lose all or part of your investment.

Risks and Uncertainties Related to the Florida Rock Merger

We may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the Florida Rock merger 
— The Florida Rock
merger involves the integration of two companies that previously had operated independently, each
with its own business, customers, employees, culture and systems. To realize the anticipated
benefits from the mergers, we must successfully combine the businesses of Vulcan and Florida Rock
in a manner that permits, among other things, earnings growth and cost savings. In addition, we
must achieve these savings without adversely affecting revenues. If we are not able to successfully
achieve these objectives, the anticipated benefits of the mergers may not be realized fully or at
all or may take longer to realize than expected.

Our incurrence of additional debt to finance a portion of the Florida Rock merger significantly
increased our interest expense, financial leverage and debt service requirements 
— We have incurred
considerable short-term and long-term debt to finance the Florida Rock merger. Incurrence of this
debt significantly increased our leverage and caused a downgrade in our credit rating. There may be
circumstances in which required payments of principal and/or interest on this debt could adversely
affect our cash flows and operating results.

There are various financial covenants and other restrictions in our debt instruments. If we fail to
comply with any of these requirements, the related indebtedness (and other unrelated indebtedness)
could become due and payable prior to its stated maturity. A default under our debt instruments may
also significantly affect our ability to obtain additional or alternative financing.

Our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our obligations with respect to indebtedness
will depend on our operating and financial performance, which in turn is subject to prevailing
economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors beyond our control.

Risks and Uncertainties Related to Other Aspects of Our Business

Construction, both commercial and residential, is dependent upon the overall U.S. economy which
remains weak and could weaken further 
— Commercial and residential construction levels generally
move with economic cycles; when the economy is strong, construction levels rise, and when the
economy is weak, construction levels fall. The overall U.S. economy has been hurt by the changes in
the financial services sector, including failures of several
large financial institutions, significant merger and acquisition activity within that industry, and
the resulting lack of credit

8

Table of Contents

availability. The commercial construction market declined in 2008,
due mostly to disruptions in credit availability and was felt most significantly starting in
September 2008. Also, continued weakness in the residential construction market negatively affected
the commercial construction market. The residential construction market further softened in 2008 as
a result of the housing market downturn. The overall weakness in the economy and the crisis in the
credit markets could cause commercial and residential construction to remain at low levels or
weaken further.

The collapse of the subprime mortgage market and, in turn, the housing market could continue to
negatively affect demand for our products 
— In most of our markets, particularly Florida and
California, sales volumes have been negatively impacted by the collapse of the subprime mortgage
market and a significant decline in residential construction. Our sales volumes and earnings could
continue to be depressed and negatively impacted by this segment of the market until these
slowdowns in residential construction improve.

A decline in public sector construction and reductions in governmental funding could adversely
affect our operations and results 
— In 2008, 45% of our sales volume of construction aggregates was
made to contractors on publicly funded construction. If, as a result of a loss of funding or a
significant reduction in state or federal budgets, spending on publicly funded construction were to
be reduced significantly, our earnings and cash flows could be negatively affected.

Difficult and volatile conditions in the credit markets could affect our financial position,
results of operations and cash flows 
— The current credit environment has negatively affected the
U.S. economy and demand for our products. Commercial and residential construction could continue to
decline if companies and consumers are unable to finance construction projects or if the economic
slowdown continues to cause delays or cancellations of capital projects. State and federal budget
issues may negatively affect the funding available for infrastructure spending unless
the economic stimulus plan provides the requisite funding.

A recessionary economy can also increase the likelihood we will not be able to collect on
our accounts receivable from our customers. We have experienced a delay in payment from some of our
customers during this economic downturn.

The current credit environment has limited our ability to issue commercial
paper. Additional financing or refinancing might not be available and, if available, may
not be at economically favorable terms. Interest rates on new issuances of long-term public debt in
the market have increased, reflecting higher credit and risk premiums. There is no guarantee we
will be able to access the capital markets at economical interest rates, which could
negatively affect our business.

We may be required to obtain financing in order to fund certain strategic acquisitions, if they
arise, or to refinance our outstanding debt. We are also exposed to risks from tightening credit
markets, through the interest payable on our outstanding short-term debt and the interest cost on
our commercial paper, to the extent it is available to us. While it
is the objective of
management to maintain our credit ratings at investment grade levels, we cannot be assured these
ratings will remain at those levels. While management believes we
will continue to have adequate credit
available to meet our needs, there can be no assurance of such credit availability.

Weather can materially affect our quarterly results 
— Almost all of our products are used in
the public or private construction industry, and our production and distribution facilities are
located outdoors. Inclement weather affects both our ability to produce and distribute our
products and affects our customers’ short-term demand since their work also can be hampered by
weather. Therefore, our results can be negatively affected by inclement weather.

Within our local markets, we operate in a highly competitive industry 
— The construction aggregates
industry is highly fragmented with a large number of independent local producers in a number of our
markets. However, in most markets, we also compete against large private and public companies. This
results in intense competition in a number of markets in which we operate. Significant competition
could lead to lower prices, lower sales volumes and higher costs in some markets, negatively
affecting our earnings and cash flows.

9

Table of Contents

Our long-term success is dependent upon securing and permitting aggregates reserves in
strategically located areas 
— Construction aggregates are bulky and heavy and, therefore, difficult
to transport efficiently. Because of the nature of the products, the freight costs can quickly
surpass the production costs. Therefore, except for geographic regions that do not possess
commercially viable deposits of aggregates and are served by rail, barge or ship, the markets for
our products tend to be very localized around our quarry sites. New quarry sites often take a
number of years to develop, so our strategic planning and new site development must stay ahead of
actual growth. Additionally, in a number of urban and suburban areas in which we operate, it is
increasingly difficult to permit new sites or expand existing sites due to community resistance.
Therefore, our future success is dependent, in part, on our ability to accurately forecast future
areas of high growth in order to locate optimal facility sites and on our ability to secure
operating and environmental permits to operate at those sites.

We use large amounts of electricity, diesel fuel, liquid asphalt and other petroleum-based
resources that are subject to potential supply constraints and significant price fluctuation 
— In
our production and distribution processes, we consume significant amounts of electricity, diesel
fuel, liquid asphalt and other petroleum-based resources. The availability and pricing of these
resources are subject to market forces that are beyond our control. Our suppliers contract
separately for the purchase of such resources and our sources of supply could be interrupted should
our suppliers not be able to obtain these materials due to higher demand or other factors
interrupting their availability. Variability in the supply and prices of these resources could
materially affect our operating results from period to period and rising costs could erode our
profitability.

We use estimates in accounting for a number of significant items. Changes in our estimates could
affect our future financial results 
— As discussed more fully in “Critical Accounting Policies”
under Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations” below, we use significant judgment in accounting for goodwill and goodwill impairment;
impairment of long-lived assets excluding goodwill; reclamation costs; pension and other
postretirement benefits; environmental compliance; claims and litigation including self-insurance;
and income taxes. Although we believe we have sufficient experience and reasonable procedures to
enable us to make appropriate assumptions and formulate reasonable estimates, these assumptions and
estimates could change significantly in the future and could result in a material adverse effect on
our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings. We cannot predict the outcome of litigation and
other contingencies with certainty 
— We are involved in several class action and complex litigation
proceedings, some arising from our previous ownership and operation of our Chemicals business.
Although we divested our Chemicals business in June 2005, we retained certain liabilities related
to the business. As required by generally accepted accounting principles, we establish reserves
when a loss is determined to be probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Our assessment
of probability and loss estimates are based on the facts and circumstances known to us at a
particular point in time. Subsequent developments in legal proceedings may affect our assessment
and estimates of a loss contingency. Furthermore, unfavorable results in one or more of these
actions could result in an adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of
operations, or cash flows. For a description of our current legal proceedings see Note 12 “Other
Commitments and Contingencies” in Item 8 “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” below.

The costs of providing pension and healthcare benefits to our employees have risen in recent years.
Continuing increases in such costs could negatively affect our earnings 
— The costs of providing
pension and healthcare benefits to our employees have increased substantially over the past several
years. We have instituted measures to help slow the rate of increase. However, if these costs
continue to rise, this could have an adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results
of operations, or cash flows.

Our industry is capital intensive, resulting in significant fixed and semi-fixed costs. Therefore,
our earnings are highly sensitive to changes in volume 
— Due to the high levels of fixed capital
required for the extraction and production of construction aggregates, profitability as measured in
absolute dollars and as a percentage of net sales (“margins”) can be greatly impacted due to
changes in volume.

10

Table of Contents

Our products generally must be transported by truck, rail, barge or ship, usually by third party
providers. Significant delays or increased costs affecting these transportation methods could
materially affect our operations and earnings 
— Our products are distributed either by truck to
local markets or by rail, barge or oceangoing vessel to remote markets. Costs of transporting our
products could be negatively affected by factors outside of our control, including rail service
interruptions or rate increases, tariffs, rising fuel costs and capacity constraints. Additionally,
inclement weather, including hurricanes, tornadoes and other weather events, can negatively impact
our distribution network.

Our future success depends greatly upon attracting and retaining qualified personnel, particularly
in sales and operations 
— A significant factor in our future profitability is our ability to
attract, develop and retain qualified personnel. Our success in attracting qualified personnel,
particularly in the areas of sales and operations, is affected by changing demographics of the
available pool of workers with the training and skills necessary to fill the available positions,
the impact on the labor supply due to general economic conditions, and our ability to offer
competitive compensation and benefit packages.

Changes in legal requirements and governmental policies concerning zoning land use, environmental
and other areas of the law impact our business 
— Our operations expose us to the risk of material
environmental liabilities. Our operations are affected by numerous federal, state and local laws
and regulations related to zoning, land use and environmental matters. Despite our compliance
efforts there is the inherent risk of liability in the operation of our business, especially from
an environmental standpoint. These potential liabilities could have an adverse impact on our
operations and profitability. Our operations require numerous governmental approvals and permits,
which often require us to make significant capital and maintenance expenditures to comply with
zoning and environmental laws and regulations. Stricter laws and regulations, or more stringent
interpretations of existing laws or regulations, may impose new liabilities on us, reduce operating
hours, require additional investment by us in pollution control equipment, or impede our opening
new or expanding existing plants or facilities.

Our future growth is dependent in part on acquiring other businesses in our industry and
successfully integrating them with our existing operations 
— The expansion of our business is
dependent in part on the acquisition of existing businesses that own aggregates reserves. Our
constrained credit and financing opportunities make it more difficult to capitalize on potential
acquisitions. Additionally, with regard to the acquisitions we are able to complete, our future
results will be dependent in part on our ability to successfully integrate these businesses with
our existing operations.