Material factors that may adversely affect our
business, operations and financial condition are summarized below.  The risks
and uncertainties described herein may not be the only ones we face. 
Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we
currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business.  See
“Forward-Looking Statements” contained herein on page 4.

Real Estate
Investments’ Value and Income Fluctuate Due to Various Factors.

The value of real estate fluctuates depending on
conditions in the general economy and the real estate business. These
conditions may also adversely impact our revenues and cash flows. 

The factors that affect the value of our real
estate investments include, among other things:

·      
global,
national, regional and local economic conditions;

·      
competition
from other available space;

·      
local
conditions such as an oversupply of space or a reduction in demand for real
estate in the area;

·      
how
well we manage our properties;

·

the development and/or redevelopment of our properties;

·      
changes
in market rental rates; 

·      
the
timing and costs associated with property improvements and rentals;

·      
whether
we are able to pass all or portions of any increases in operating costs through
to tenants;

·      
changes
in real estate taxes and other expenses;   

·      
whether
tenants and users such as customers and shoppers consider a property
attractive;

·

changes in space utilization by our tenants due to technology,
economic conditions and business environment;

·      
the
financial condition of our tenants, including the extent of tenant bankruptcies
or defaults;

·      
availability
of financing on acceptable terms or at all;

·

inflation or deflation;

·      
fluctuations
in interest rates;

·      
our
ability to obtain adequate insurance; 

·      
changes
in zoning laws and taxation;

·      
government
regulation; 

·      
consequences
of any armed conflict involving, or terrorist attacks against, the United
States or individual acts of violence in public spaces including retail
centers;

·      
potential
liability under environmental or other laws or regulations; 

·

natural disasters;

·      
general
competitive factors; and

·

climate changes.

The rents or sales proceeds we receive and the
occupancy levels at our properties may decline as a result of adverse changes
in any of these factors. If rental revenues, sales proceeds and/or occupancy
levels decline, we generally would expect to have less cash available to pay
indebtedness and for distribution to shareholders. In addition, some of our
major expenses, including mortgage payments, real estate taxes and maintenance
costs generally do not decline when the related rents decline. 

Capital
markets and economic conditions can materially affect our liquidity, financial
condition and results of operations as well as the value of our debt and equity
securities.

There are many factors that can affect the value
of our debt and equity securities, including the state of the capital markets
and the economy.  Demand for office and retail space may decline nationwide, as
it did in 2008 and 2009 due to the economic downturn, bankruptcies, downsizing,
layoffs and cost cutting.  Government action or inaction may adversely affect
the state of the capital markets.  The cost and availability of credit may be
adversely affected by illiquid credit markets and wider credit spreads, which
may adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition, including our
results of operations, and the liquidity and financial condition of our
tenants.  Our inability or the inability of our tenants to timely refinance
maturing liabilities and access the capital markets to meet liquidity needs may
materially affect our financial condition and results of operations and the
value of our debt and equity securities.

9

Real
estate is a competitive business.

We compete with a large number of real estate
property owners and developers, some of which may be willing to accept lower
returns on their investments. Principal factors of competition are rents
charged, sales prices, attractiveness of location, the quality of the property
and the breadth and the quality of services provided. Our success depends upon,
among other factors, trends of the global, national, regional and local
economies, the financial condition and operating results of current and
prospective tenants and customers, availability and cost of capital,
construction and renovation costs, taxes, governmental regulations,
legislation, population and employment trends.

We depend on leasing space
to tenants on economically favorable terms and collecting rent from tenants who
may not be able to pay.

Our financial results depend significantly on
leasing space in our properties to tenants on economically favorable terms. In
addition, because a majority of our income comes from renting of real property,
our income, funds available to pay indebtedness and funds available for
distribution to shareholders will decrease if a significant number of our
tenants cannot pay their rent or if we are not able to maintain occupancy
levels on favorable terms. If a tenant does not pay its rent, we may not be
able to enforce our rights as landlord without delays and may incur substantial
legal costs.  During periods of economic adversity, there may be an increase in
the number of tenants that cannot pay their rent and an increase in vacancy
rates.

We may be unable to renew
leases or relet space as leases expire.

When our tenants decide not to renew their leases
upon their expiration, we may not be able to relet the space. Even if tenants
do renew or we can relet the space, the terms of renewal or reletting, taking
into account among other things, the cost of improvements to the property and
leasing commissions, may be less favorable than the terms in the expired
leases. In addition, changes in space utilization by our tenants may impact our
ability to renew or relet space without the need to incur substantial costs in
renovating or redesigning the internal configuration of the relevant property.
If we are unable to promptly renew the leases or relet the space at similar
rates or if we incur substantial costs in renewing or reletting the space, our
cash flow and ability to service debt obligations and pay dividends and
distributions to security holders could be adversely affected.

Bankruptcy or insolvency of
tenants may decrease our revenue, net income and available cash.

From time to time, some of our tenants have
declared bankruptcy, and other tenants may declare bankruptcy or become
insolvent in the future. The bankruptcy or insolvency of a major tenant could
cause us to suffer lower revenues and operational difficulties, including
leasing the remainder of the property. As a result, the bankruptcy or
insolvency of a major tenant could result in decreased revenue, net income and
funds available to pay our indebtedness or make distributions to shareholders. 

We may
incur significant costs to comply with environmental laws and environmental
contamination may impair our ability to lease and/or sell real estate.

Our operations and properties are subject to
various federal, state and local laws and regulations concerning the protection
of the environment, including air and water quality, hazardous or toxic
substances and health and safety. Under some environmental laws, a current or
previous owner or operator of real estate may be required to investigate and
clean up hazardous or toxic substances released at a property. The owner or
operator may also be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties
for property damage or personal injuries and for investigation and clean-up costs
incurred by those parties because of the contamination. These laws often impose
liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of the release
of the substances or caused the release. The presence of contamination or the
failure to remediate contamination may impair our ability to sell or lease real
estate or to borrow using the real estate as collateral. Other laws and
regulations govern indoor and outdoor air quality including those that can
require the abatement or removal of asbestos-containing materials in the event
of damage, demolition, renovation or remodeling and also govern emissions of
and exposure to asbestos fibers in the air. The maintenance and removal of lead
paint and certain electrical equipment containing polychlorinated biphenyls
(PCBs) are also regulated by federal and state laws. We are also subject to
risks associated with human exposure to chemical or biological contaminants
such as molds, pollens, viruses and bacteria which, above certain levels, can
be alleged to be connected to allergic or other health effects and symptoms in
susceptible individuals. Our predecessor companies may be subject to similar
liabilities for activities of those companies in the past.  We could incur
fines for environmental compliance and be held liable for the costs of remedial
action with respect to the foregoing regulated substances or related claims
arising out of environmental contamination or human exposure to contamination
at or from our properties.

10

Each of our properties
has been subject to varying degrees of environmental assessment. To date, these
environmental assessments have not revealed any environmental condition
material to our business. However, identification of new compliance concerns or
undiscovered areas of contamination, changes in the extent or known scope of
contamination, human exposure to contamination or changes in clean-up or
compliance requirements could result in significant costs to us.

In addition, we may become subject to costs or
taxes, or increases therein, associated with natural resource or energy usage
(such as a “carbon tax”).  These costs or taxes could increase our operating
costs and decrease the cash available to pay our obligations or distribute to
equity holders.

We face
risks associated with our tenants being designated “Prohibited Persons” by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control and similar requirements.  

Pursuant to Executive Order 13224 and other laws,
the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the
Treasury (“OFAC”) maintains a list of persons designated as terrorists or who
are otherwise blocked or banned (“Prohibited Persons”) from conducting business
or engaging in transactions in the United States and thereby restricts our
doing business with such persons.  We are required to comply with OFAC and
related requirements and may be required to terminate or otherwise amend our
leases, loans and other agreements.  If a tenant or other party with whom we
conduct business is placed on the OFAC list or is otherwise a party with which
we are prohibited from doing business, we may be required to terminate the
lease or other agreement.  Any such termination could result in a loss of
revenue or otherwise negatively affect our financial results and cash flows.

Our
business and operations would suffer in the event of system failures.  

Despite system redundancy, the implementation of
security measures and the existence of a disaster recovery plan for our
internal information technology systems, our systems are vulnerable to damages
from any number of sources, including computer viruses, unauthorized access,
energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication
failures.  Any system failure or accident that causes interruptions in our
operations could result in a material disruption to our business.  We may also
incur additional costs to remedy damages caused by such disruptions.

The
occurrence of cyber incidents, or a deficiency in our cyber security, could
negatively impact our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a
compromise or corruption of our confidential information, and/or damage to our
business relationships or reputation, all of which could negatively impact our
financial results.

We face risks associated with security breaches,
whether through cyber attacks or cyber intrusions over the Internet, malware,
computer viruses, attachments to e-mails, persons who access our systems from
inside or outside our organization, and other significant disruptions of our IT
networks and related systems. The risk of a security breach or disruption,
particularly through cyber attack or cyber intrusion, including by computer
hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as
the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions
from around the world have increased. Our IT networks and related systems
are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform
day-to-day operations (including managing our building systems) and, in some
cases, may be critical to the operations of certain of our tenants. Although we
make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of
IT networks and related systems, and we have implemented various measures
to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no
assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that
attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging.
Even the most well protected information, networks, systems and facilities
remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in such attempted
security breaches evolve and generally are not recognized until launched
against a target, and in some cases are designed to not be detected and, in
fact, may not be detected. Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these
techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative
measures, and thus it is impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. 

A security breach or other significant disruption
involving our IT networks and related systems could disrupt the proper
functioning of our networks and systems and therefore our operations and/or
those of certain of our tenants; result in the unauthorized access to, and
destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of, proprietary,
confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours or others,
which others could use to compete against us or which could expose us to damage
claims by third-parties for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful
purposes and outcomes; result in our inability to maintain the building systems
relied upon by our tenants for the efficient use of their leased space; require
significant management attention and resources to remedy any damages that
result; subject us to claims for breach of contract, damages, credits,
penalties or termination of leases or other agreements; or damage our
reputation among our tenants and investors generally. Any or all of the
foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows. 

11

Some of our potential losses may not be covered by
insurance. 

We maintain general liability
insurance with limits of $300,000,000 per occurrence and per property, and all
risk property and rental value insurance with limits of $2.0 billion per
occurrence, with sub-limits for certain perils such as flood and earthquake.
Our California properties have earthquake insurance with coverage of
$180,000,000 per occurrence and in the annual aggregate, subject to a
deductible in the amount of 5% of the value of the affected property. We
maintain coverage for terrorism acts with limits of $4.0 billion per occurrence
and in the aggregate, and $2.0 billion per occurrence and in the aggregate for
terrorism involving nuclear, biological, chemical and radiological (“NBCR”)
terrorism events, as defined by Terrorism Risk Insurance Program
Reauthorization Act of 2015, which expires in December 2020. 

Penn Plaza Insurance Company, LLC
(“PPIC”), our wholly owned consolidated subsidiary, acts as a re-insurer with
respect to a portion of all risk property and rental value insurance and a
portion of our earthquake insurance coverage, and as a direct insurer for
coverage for acts of terrorism including NBCR acts. Coverage for acts of
terrorism (excluding NBCR acts) is fully reinsured by third party insurance
companies and the Federal government with no exposure to PPIC. For NBCR acts,
PPIC is responsible for a deductible of $3,200,000 ($2,400,000 effective
January 1, 2016) per occurrence and 15% of the balance of a covered loss (16%
effective January 1, 2016) and the Federal government is responsible for the
remaining 85% of a covered loss (84% effective January 1, 2016). We are
ultimately responsible for any loss incurred by PPIC. 

We continue to monitor the state of the insurance
market and the scope and costs of coverage for acts of terrorism.  However, we
cannot anticipate what coverage will be available on commercially reasonable
terms in the future.

Our debt
instruments, consisting of mortgage loans secured by our properties which are
non-recourse to us, senior unsecured notes and revolving credit agreements
contain customary covenants requiring us to maintain insurance. Although we
believe that we have adequate insurance coverage for purposes of these
agreements, we may not be able to obtain an equivalent amount of coverage at
reasonable costs in the future. Further, if lenders insist on greater coverage
than we are able to obtain it could adversely affect our ability to finance our