Material factors that may adversely
affect our business, operations and financial condition are summarized below. 
We refer to the equity and debt securities of both Vornado and the Operating
Partnership as our “securities” and the investors who own shares or units, or both,
as our “equity holders.” The risks and uncertainties described herein may not
be the only ones we face.  Additional risks and uncertainties not presently
known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely
affect our business.  See “Forward-Looking Statements” contained herein on page
6.

Real
Estate Investments’ Value and Income Fluctuate Due to Various Factors.

The value of real estate fluctuates
depending on conditions in the general economy and the real estate business.
These conditions may also adversely impact our revenues and cash flows. 

The factors that affect the value of our
real estate investments include, among other things:

·      
global,
national, regional and local economic conditions;

·      
competition
from other available space;

·      
local
conditions such as an oversupply of space or a reduction in demand for real
estate in the area;

·      
how
well we manage our properties;

·

the development and/or redevelopment of our properties;

·      
changes
in market rental rates; 

·      
the
timing and costs associated with property improvements and rentals;

·      
whether
we are able to pass all or portions of any increases in operating costs through
to tenants;

·      
changes
in real estate taxes and other expenses;   

·      
whether
tenants and users such as customers and shoppers consider a property
attractive;

·

changes in space utilization by our tenants due to technology,
economic conditions and business environment;

·      
the
financial condition of our tenants, including the extent of tenant bankruptcies
or defaults;

·      
availability
of financing on acceptable terms or at all;

·

inflation or deflation;

·      
fluctuations
in interest rates;

·      
our
ability to obtain adequate insurance; 

·      
changes
in zoning laws and taxation;

·      
government
regulation; 

·      
consequences
of any armed conflict involving, or terrorist attacks against, the United
States or individual acts of violence in public spaces including retail
centers;

·      
potential
liability under environmental or other laws or regulations; 

·

natural disasters;

·      
general
competitive factors; and

·

climate changes.

The rents or sales proceeds we receive and
the occupancy levels at our properties may decline as a result of adverse
changes in any of these factors. If rental revenues, sales proceeds and/or
occupancy levels decline, we generally would expect to have less cash available
to pay indebtedness and for distribution to equity holders. In addition, some
of our major expenses, including mortgage payments, real estate taxes and
maintenance costs generally do not decline when the related rents decline. 

Capital
markets and economic conditions can materially affect our liquidity, financial
condition and results of operations as well as the value of our debt and equity
securities.

There are many factors that can affect the value
of our debt and equity securities, including the state of the capital markets
and the economy.  Demand for office and retail space may decline nationwide, as
it did in 2008 and 2009 due to the economic downturn, bankruptcies, downsizing,
layoffs and cost cutting.  Government action or inaction may adversely affect
the state of the capital markets.  The cost and availability of credit may be
adversely affected by illiquid credit markets and wider credit spreads, which
may adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition, including our
results of operations, and the liquidity and financial condition of our
tenants.  Our inability or the inability of our tenants to timely refinance
maturing liabilities and access the capital markets to meet liquidity needs may
materially affect our financial condition and results of operations and the
value of our securities.

11

Real
estate is a competitive business.

We compete with a large number of real
estate property owners and developers, some of which may be willing to accept
lower returns on their investments. Principal factors of competition are rents
charged, sales prices, attractiveness of location, the quality of the property
and the breadth and the quality of services provided. Our success depends upon,
among other factors, trends of the global, national, regional and local
economies, the financial condition and operating results of current and
prospective tenants and customers, availability and cost of capital,
construction and renovation costs, taxes, governmental regulations,
legislation, population and employment trends.

We depend on leasing
space to tenants on economically favorable terms and collecting rent from
tenants who may not be able to pay.

Our financial results depend
significantly on leasing space in our properties to tenants on economically
favorable terms. In addition, because a majority of our income comes from
renting of real property, our income, funds available to pay indebtedness and
funds available for distribution to equity holders will decrease if a
significant number of our tenants cannot pay their rent or if we are not able
to maintain occupancy levels on favorable terms. If a tenant does not pay its
rent, we may not be able to enforce our rights as landlord without delays and
may incur substantial legal costs.  During periods of economic adversity, there
may be an increase in the number of tenants that cannot pay their rent and an
increase in vacancy rates.

We may be unable to
renew leases or relet space as leases expire.

When our tenants decide not to renew
their leases upon their expiration, we may not be able to relet the space. Even
if tenants do renew or we can relet the space, the terms of renewal or reletting,
taking into account among other things, the cost of improvements to the
property and leasing commissions, may be less favorable than the terms in the
expired leases. In addition, changes in space utilization by our tenants may
impact our ability to renew or relet space without the need to incur
substantial costs in renovating or redesigning the internal configuration of
the relevant property. If we are unable to promptly renew the leases or relet
the space at similar rates or if we incur substantial costs in renewing or
reletting the space, our cash flow and ability to service debt obligations and
pay dividends and distributions to equity holders could be adversely affected.

Bankruptcy or
insolvency of tenants may decrease our revenue, net income and available cash.

From time to time, some of our tenants
have declared bankruptcy, and other tenants may declare bankruptcy or become
insolvent in the future. The bankruptcy or insolvency of a major tenant could
cause us to suffer lower revenues and operational difficulties, including
leasing the remainder of the property. As a result, the bankruptcy or
insolvency of a major tenant could result in decreased revenue, net income and
funds available to pay our indebtedness or make distributions to equity holders.

We
may incur significant costs to comply with environmental laws and environmental
contamination may impair our ability to lease and/or sell real estate.

Our operations and properties are subject
to various federal, state and local laws and regulations concerning the
protection of the environment, including air and water quality, hazardous or
toxic substances and health and safety. Under some environmental laws, a
current or previous owner or operator of real estate may be required to
investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances released at a property.
The owner or operator may also be held liable to a governmental entity or to
third parties for property damage or personal injuries and for investigation
and clean-up costs incurred by those parties because of the contamination.
These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or
operator knew of the release of the substances or caused the release. The
presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination may impair
our ability to sell or lease real estate or to borrow using the real estate as
collateral. Other laws and regulations govern indoor and outdoor air quality
including those that can require the abatement or removal of
asbestos-containing materials in the event of damage, demolition, renovation or
remodeling and also govern emissions of and exposure to asbestos fibers in the
air. The maintenance and removal of lead paint and certain electrical equipment
containing polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are also regulated by federal and
state laws. We are also subject to risks associated with human exposure to
chemical or biological contaminants such as molds, pollens, viruses and
bacteria which, above certain levels, can be alleged to be connected to
allergic or other health effects and symptoms in susceptible individuals. Our
predecessor companies may be subject to similar liabilities for activities of
those companies in the past.  We could incur fines for environmental compliance
and be held liable for the costs of remedial action with respect to the
foregoing regulated substances or related claims arising out of environmental
contamination or human exposure to contamination at or from our properties.

Each of our properties has been subject
to varying degrees of environmental assessment. To date, these environmental
assessments have not revealed any environmental condition material to our
business. However, identification of new compliance concerns or undiscovered
areas of contamination, changes in the extent or known scope of contamination,
human exposure to contamination or changes in clean-up or compliance
requirements could result in significant costs to us.

12

In addition, we
may become subject to costs or taxes, or increases therein, associated with
natural resource or energy usage (such as a “carbon tax”).  These costs or
taxes could increase our operating costs and decrease the cash available to pay
our obligations or distribute to equity holders.

We
face risks associated with our tenants being designated “Prohibited Persons” by
the Office of Foreign Assets Control and similar requirements.  

Pursuant to Executive Order 13224 and other laws, the Office of Foreign
Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury (“OFAC”)
maintains a list of persons designated as terrorists or who are otherwise
blocked or banned (“Prohibited Persons”) from conducting business or engaging
in transactions in the United States and thereby restricts our doing business
with such persons.  In addition, our leases, loans and other agreements 
may require us to comply with OFAC and related
requirements, and any failure to do so may result in a breach of
such agreements
. 
If a tenant or other party with whom we conduct business is placed on the OFAC
list or is otherwise a party with whom we are prohibited from doing business,
we may be required to terminate the lease or other agreement.  Any such
termination could result in a loss of revenue or otherwise negatively affect
our financial results and cash flows.

Our
business and operations would suffer in the event of system failures.  

Despite system redundancy, the
implementation of security measures and the existence of a disaster recovery
plan for our internal information technology systems, our systems are
vulnerable to damages from any number of sources, including computer viruses,
unauthorized access, energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war and
telecommunication failures.  Any system failure or accident that causes
interruptions in our operations could result in a material disruption to our
business.  We may also incur additional costs to remedy damages caused by such
disruptions.

The
occurrence of cyber incidents, or a deficiency in our cyber security, could
negatively impact our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a
compromise or corruption of our confidential information, and/or damage to our
business relationships or reputation, all of which could negatively impact our
financial results.

We face risks associated with
security breaches, whether through cyber attacks or cyber intrusions over the
Internet, malware, computer viruses, attachments to e-mails, persons who access
our systems from inside or outside our organization, and other significant
disruptions of our IT networks and related systems. The risk of a security
breach or disruption, particularly through cyber attack or cyber intrusion,
including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has
generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted
attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. Our
IT networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our
business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations (including managing
our building systems) and, in some cases, may be critical to the operations of
certain of our tenants. Although we make efforts to maintain the security and
integrity of these types of IT networks and related systems, and we have
implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or
disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures
will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not
be successful or damaging. Even the most well protected information, networks,
systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques
used in such attempted security breaches evolve and generally are not
recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed to
not be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. Accordingly, we may be
unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security
barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is impossible for us to
entirely mitigate this risk. 

A security breach or other
significant disruption involving our IT networks and related systems could
disrupt the proper functioning of our networks and systems and therefore our
operations and/or those of certain of our tenants; result in the unauthorized
access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of,
proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours
or others, which others could use to compete against us or which could expose
us to damage claims by third-parties for disruptive, destructive or otherwise
harmful purposes and outcomes; result in our inability to maintain the building
systems relied upon by our tenants for the efficient use of their leased space;
require significant management attention and resources to remedy any damages
that result; subject us to claims for breach of contract, damages, credits,
penalties or termination of leases or other agreements; or damage our
reputation among our tenants and investors generally. Any or all of the
foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows. 

13

Some
of our potential losses may not be covered by insurance. 

We maintain general liability
insurance with limits of $300,000,000 per occurrence and per property, and all
risk property and rental value insurance with limits of $2.0 billion per
occurrence, with sub-limits for certain perils such as flood and earthquake.
Our California properties have earthquake insurance with coverage of
$180,000,000 per occurrence and in the annual aggregate, subject to a
deductible in the amount of 5% of the value of the affected property. We
maintain coverage for terrorism acts with limits of $4.0 billion per occurrence
and in the aggregate, and $2.0 billion per occurrence and in the aggregate for
terrorism involving nuclear, biological, chemical and radiological (“NBCR”)
terrorism events, as defined by Terrorism Risk Insurance Program
Reauthorization Act of 2015, which expires in December 2020. 

Penn Plaza Insurance Company, LLC
(“PPIC”), our wholly owned consolidated subsidiary, acts as a re-insurer with
respect to a portion of all risk property and rental value insurance and a
portion of our earthquake insurance coverage, and as a direct insurer for
coverage for acts of terrorism including NBCR acts. Coverage for acts of
terrorism (excluding NBCR acts) is fully reinsured by third party insurance
companies and the Federal government with no exposure to PPIC. For NBCR acts,
PPIC is responsible for a deductible of $1,622,000 ($1,976,000 for 2017) and
16% (17% for 2017) of the balance of a covered loss and the Federal government
is responsible for the remaining portion of a covered loss. We are ultimately
responsible for any loss incurred by PPIC. 

We continue to monitor the state of the
insurance market and the scope and costs of coverage for acts of terrorism. 
However, we cannot anticipate what coverage will be available on commercially
reasonable terms in the future.

Our debt
instruments, consisting of mortgage loans secured by our properties which are
non-recourse to us, senior unsecured notes and revolving credit agreements
contain customary covenants requiring us to maintain insurance. Although we
believe that we have adequate insurance coverage for purposes of these agreements,
we may not be able to obtain an equivalent amount of coverage at reasonable
costs in the future. Further, if lenders insist on greater coverage than we are
able to obtain it could adversely affect our ability to finance our properties
and expand our portfolio.

Compliance
or failure to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act or other safety
regulations and requirements could result in substantial costs. 

The Americans with Disabilities Act
(“ADA”) generally requires that public buildings, including our properties,
meet certain federal requirements related to access and use by disabled
persons.  Noncompliance could result in the imposition of fines by the federal
government or the award of damages to private litigants and/or legal fees to their
counsel.  From time to time persons have asserted claims against us with
respect to some of our properties under the ADA, but to date such claims have
not resulted in any material expense or liability.  If, under the ADA, we are
required to make substantial alterations and capital expenditures in one or
more of our properties, including the removal of access barriers, it could
adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations, as well as
the amount of cash available for distribution to equity holders.

Our properties are subject to various
federal, state and local regulatory requirements, such as state and local fire
and life safety requirements.  If we fail to comply with these requirements, we
could incur fines or private damage awards.  We do not know whether existing
requirements will change or whether compliance with future requirements will
require significant unanticipated expenditures that will affect our cash flow
and results of operations.

14

OUR INVESTMENTS ARE
CONCENTRATED CURRENTLY IN THE NEW YORK CITY METROPOLITAN AREA AND WASHINGTON,
DC/NORTHERN VIRGINIA AREA AND CIRCUMSTANCES AFFECTING THESE AREAS GENERALLY
COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS.  UPON COMPLETION OF OUR PROPOSED SPIN-OFF
OF OUR WASHINGTON, DC SEGMENT, OUR BUSINESS AND INVESTMENTS WILL BE LESS
DIVERSIFIED AND MORE CONCENTRATED IN THE NEW YORK CITY METROPOLITAN AREA.

A
significant portion of our properties are located currently in the New York
City/New Jersey metropolitan area and Washington, DC/Northern Virginia area and
are affected by the economic cycles and risks inherent to those areas.

In 2016, approximately 91% of our EBITDA, as
adjusted, came from properties located in the New York City metropolitan area
and the Washington, DC/Northern Virginia area.  We may continue to concentrate
a significant portion of our future acquisitions in these areas or in other
geographic real estate markets in the United States or abroad.  Real estate
markets are subject to economic downturns and we cannot predict how economic
conditions will impact these markets in either the short or long term. Declines
in the economy or declines in real estate markets in these areas could hurt our
financial performance and the value of our properties.  In addition to the
factors affecting the national economic condition generally, the factors
affecting economic conditions in these regions include:

·      
financial performance and productivity
of the media, advertising, financial, technology, retail, insurance and real
estate industries;

·      
with respect to our Washington, DC
segment, space needs of, and budgetary constraints affecting, the United States
Government, including the effect of a deficit reduction plan and/or base
closures and repositioning under the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act
of 2005, as amended;

·      
business layoffs or downsizing;

·      
industry slowdowns;

·      
relocations of businesses;

·      
changing demographics;

·      
increased telecommuting and use of
alternative work places;

·

changes in the number of domestic and international tourists to
our markets (including, as a result of changes in the relative strengths of
world currencies);

·      
infrastructure quality; and

·      
any oversupply of, or reduced demand
for, real estate.

Assuming we complete the spin-off of our
Washington, DC segment as expected, our real estate investments will be more
concentrated in New York City and less diversified than prior to the
spin-off.   After giving effect to the spin-off and assuming it was completed
as of January 1, 2016, 89% of our EBITDA, as adjusted, came from properties
located in the New York City metropolitan area.

It is impossible for us to assess the
future effects of trends in the economic and investment climates of the
geographic areas in which we concentrate, and more generally of the United States,
or the real estate markets in these areas.  Local, national or global economic
downturns, would negatively affect our businesses and profitability.

Terrorist
attacks, such as those of September 11, 2001 in New York City and the
Washington, DC area, may adversely affect the value of our properties and our
ability to generate cash flow.

We have significant investments in large
metropolitan areas, including the New York, Washington, DC, Chicago and San
Francisco metropolitan areas. In response to a terrorist attack or the
perceived threat of terrorism, tenants in these areas may choose to relocate
their businesses to less populated, lower-profile areas of the United States
that may be perceived to be less likely targets of future terrorist activity and
fewer customers may choose to patronize businesses in these areas. This, in
turn, would trigger a decrease in the demand for space in these areas, which
could increase vacancies in our properties and force us to lease space on less
favorable terms. As a result, the value of our properties and the level of our
revenues and cash flows could decline materially.

Natural
disasters and the effects of climate change could have a concentrated impact on
the areas where we operate and could adversely impact our results.

Our investments are concentrated in the New York,
Washington, DC, Chicago and San Francisco metropolitan areas.  Natural
disasters, including earthquakes, storms and hurricanes, could impact our