Material factors that may adversely affect our
business, operations and financial condition are summarized below.  The risks
and uncertainties described herein may not be the only ones we face. 
Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we
currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business.  See
“Forward-Looking Statements” contained herein on page 3.

Real Estate
Investments’ Value and Income Fluctuate Due to Various Factors.

The value of real estate fluctuates depending on
conditions in the general economy and the real estate business. These
conditions may also adversely impact our revenues and cash flows. 

The factors that affect the value of our real
estate investments include, among other things:

·      
global,
national, regional and local economic conditions;

·      
competition
from other available space;

·      
local
conditions such as an oversupply of space or a reduction in demand for real
estate in the area;

·      
how
well we manage our properties;

·

the development and/or redevelopment of our properties;

·      
changes
in market rental rates; 

·      
the
timing and costs associated with property improvements and rentals;

·      
whether
we are able to pass all or portions of any increases in operating costs through
to tenants;

·      
changes
in real estate taxes and other expenses;   

·      
whether
tenants and users such as customers and shoppers consider a property
attractive;

·      
the
financial condition of our tenants, including the extent of tenant bankruptcies
or defaults;

·      
availability
of financing on acceptable terms or at all;

·

inflation or deflation;

·      
fluctuations
in interest rates;

·      
our
ability to obtain adequate insurance; 

·      
changes
in zoning laws and taxation;

·      
government
regulation; 

·      
consequences
of any armed conflict involving, or terrorist attacks against, the United States
or individual acts of violence in public spaces including retail centers;

·      
potential
liability under environmental or other laws or regulations; 

·

natural disasters;

·      
general
competitive factors; and

·

climate changes.

The rents or sales proceeds we receive and the
occupancy levels at our properties may decline as a result of adverse changes
in any of these factors. If rental revenues, sales proceeds and/or occupancy
levels decline, we generally would expect to have less cash available to pay
indebtedness and for distribution to shareholders. In addition, some of our
major expenses, including mortgage payments, real estate taxes and maintenance
costs generally do not decline when the related rents decline. 

Capital
markets and economic conditions can materially affect our liquidity, financial
condition and results of operations as well as the value of our debt and equity
securities.

There are many factors that can affect the value
of our debt and equity securities, including the state of the capital markets
and the economy.  Demand for office and retail space may decline nationwide, as
it did in 2008 and 2009 due to the economic downturn, bankruptcies, downsizing,
layoffs and cost cutting.  Government action or inaction may adversely affect
the state of the capital markets.  The cost and availability of credit may be
adversely affected by illiquid credit markets and wider credit spreads, which
may adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition, including our
results of operations, and the liquidity and financial condition of our
tenants.  Our inability or the inability of our tenants to timely refinance
maturing liabilities and access the capital markets to meet liquidity needs may
materially affect our financial condition and results of operations and the
value of our debt and equity securities.

8

Real
estate is a competitive business.

We compete with a large number of property owners
and developers, some of which may be willing to accept lower returns on their
investments than we are. Principal factors of competition include rents
charged, sales prices, attractiveness of location, the quality of the property
and the breadth and quality of services provided. Our success depends upon,
among other factors, trends of the global, national, regional and local
economies, financial condition and operating results of current and prospective
tenants and customers, availability and cost of capital, construction and
renovation costs, taxes, governmental regulation, legislation and population
and employment trends.

We depend on leasing space
to tenants on economically favorable terms and collecting rent from tenants who
may not be able to pay.

Our financial results depend significantly on
leasing space in our properties to tenants on economically favorable terms. In
addition, because a majority of our income comes from renting of real property,
our income, funds available to pay indebtedness and funds available for
distribution to shareholders will decrease if a significant number of our
tenants cannot pay their rent or if we are not able to maintain occupancy
levels on favorable terms. If a tenant does not pay its rent, we may not be
able to enforce our rights as landlord without delays and may incur substantial
legal costs.  During periods of economic adversity, there may be an increase in
the number of tenants that cannot pay their rent and an increase in vacancy
rates.

Bankruptcy or insolvency of
tenants may decrease our revenue, net income and available cash.

From time to time, some of our tenants have
declared bankruptcy, and other tenants may declare bankruptcy or become
insolvent in the future. The bankruptcy or insolvency of a major tenant could
cause us to suffer lower revenues and operational difficulties, including
leasing the remainder of the property. As a result, the bankruptcy or
insolvency of a major tenant could result in decreased revenue, net income and
funds available to pay our indebtedness or make distributions to shareholders. 

We may
incur significant costs to comply with environmental laws and environmental
contamination may impair our ability to lease and/or sell real estate.

Our operations and properties are subject to
various federal, state and local laws and regulations concerning the protection
of the environment, including air and water quality, hazardous or toxic
substances and health and safety. Under some environmental laws, a current or
previous owner or operator of real estate may be required to investigate and
clean up hazardous or toxic substances released at a property. The owner or
operator may also be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties
for property damage or personal injuries and for investigation and clean-up
costs incurred by those parties because of the contamination. These laws often
impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of the
release of the substances or caused the release. The presence of contamination
or the failure to remediate contamination may impair our ability to sell or
lease real estate or to borrow using the real estate as collateral. Other laws
and regulations govern indoor and outdoor air quality including those that can
require the abatement or removal of asbestos-containing materials in the event
of damage, demolition, renovation or remodeling and also govern emissions of
and exposure to asbestos fibers in the air. The maintenance and removal of lead
paint and certain electrical equipment containing polychlorinated biphenyls
(PCBs) are also regulated by federal and state laws. We are also subject to
risks associated with human exposure to chemical or biological contaminants
such as molds, pollens, viruses and bacteria which, above certain levels, can
be alleged to be connected to allergic or other health effects and symptoms in
susceptible individuals. Our predecessor companies may be subject to similar
liabilities for activities of those companies in the past.  We could incur
fines for environmental compliance and be held liable for the costs of remedial
action with respect to the foregoing regulated substances or related claims
arising out of environmental contamination or human exposure to contamination
at or from our properties.

Each of our properties has been subject to varying
degrees of environmental assessment. To date, these environmental assessments
have not revealed any environmental condition material to our business.
However, identification of new compliance concerns or undiscovered areas of
contamination, changes in the extent or known scope of contamination,  human
exposure to contamination or changes in clean-up or compliance requirements
could result in significant costs to us.

In addition, we may become subject to costs or
taxes, or increases therein, associated with natural resource or energy usage
(such as a “carbon tax”).  These costs or taxes could increase our operating
costs and decrease the cash available to pay our obligations or distribute to
equity holders.

9

We face risks
associated with our tenants being designated “Prohibited Persons” by the Office
of Foreign Assets Control and similar requirements.

Pursuant to
Executive Order 13224 and other laws, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of
the United States Department of the Treasury (“OFAC”) maintains a list of
persons designated as terrorists or who are otherwise blocked or banned
(“Prohibited Persons”) from conducting business or engaging in transactions in
the United States and thereby restricts our doing business with such persons. 
Our leases, loans and other agreements may require us to comply with OFAC and
related requirements.  If a tenant or other party with whom we conduct business
is placed on the OFAC list or is otherwise a party with which we are prohibited
from doing business, we may be required to terminate the lease or other
agreement.  Any such termination could result in a loss of revenue or otherwise
negatively affect our financial results and cash flows.

Our business and operations would suffer in
the event of system failures.

Despite system redundancy, the implementation of
security measures and the existence of a disaster recovery plan for our
internal information technology systems, our systems are vulnerable to damages
from any number of sources, including computer viruses, unauthorized access,
energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication
failures.  Any system failure or accident that causes interruptions in our
operations could result in a material disruption to our business.  We may also
incur additional costs to remedy damages caused by such disruptions.

The occurrence of cyber incidents, or a
deficiency in our cyber security, could negatively impact our business by
causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our
confidential information, and/or damage to our business relationships, all of
which could negatively impact our financial results.

A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse
event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our
information resources. More specifically, a cyber incident is an intentional
attack or an unintentional event that can include gaining unauthorized access
to systems to disrupt operations, corrupt data, or steal confidential
information. As our reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks
posed to our systems, both internal and those we have outsourced. Our primary
risks that could directly result from the occurrence of a cyber incident are
theft of assets, operational interruption, damage to our relationship with our
tenants, and private data exposure.  We have implemented processes, procedures
and controls to help mitigate these risks, but these measures, as well as our
increased awareness

of
a risk of a cyber incident, do not guarantee that our financial results will
not be negatively impacted by such an incident.

Some of our potential
losses may not be covered by insurance. 

We maintain
general liability insurance with limits of $300,000,000 per occurrence and all
risk property and rental value insurance with limits of $2.0 billion per
occurrence, with sub-limits for certain perils such as floods.  Our California