In addition to other information in this Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating us and our
business because these factors currently have a significant impact or may have a significant impact on our business, operating results or financial condition. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking
statements contained in this Form 10-K as a result of the risk factors discussed below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K and in other filings we make with the SEC. 

Risks relating to our business 

Our operating results may fluctuate and our future revenues and profitability are uncertain. 

Our operating results have varied in the past and may fluctuate
significantly in the future as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside our control. These factors include the following: 

•

 the current global economic environment as well as its impact on e-commerce, financial services, and the communications and Internet industries;

•

 volume of new domain name registrations and customer renewals in our Naming Services business; 

•

 the long sales and implementation cycles for, and potentially large order sizes of, some of our Authentication Services and the timing and execution of
individual customer contracts; 

•

 changes in the payment structures of on-line advertising network providers and compensation levels, as well as policies proposed and implemented by
ICANN, which could impact the number of domain name registrations; 

•

 our success in marketing and market acceptance of our services by our existing customers and by new customers; 

•

 customer renewal rates and turnover of customers of our services; 

•

 continued development of our direct and indirect distribution channels for our products and services, both in the U.S. and abroad;

•

 the impact of price changes in our products and services or our competitors’ products and services; 

•

 the impact of decisions by channel partners and resellers to offer competing products or modify their marketing practices;

•

 the mix of all our services sold during a period; 

•

 seasonal fluctuations in business activity; 

•

 changes in marketing expenses related to promoting and distributing our services; 

•

 potential attacks by hackers, which could threaten the perceived reliability of our products and services; 

•

 changes in the level of spending for information technology-related products and services by enterprise customers; and 

•

 the uncertainties, costs and risks related to our divestiture plan, including any income statement charges we incur in connection therewith and costs
related to our transition services agreements. 

Our operating expenses may increase. If an increase in our expenses is not accompanied by a corresponding increase in our revenues, our operating results will suffer, particularly as revenues from some of
our services are recognized ratably over the term of the service, rather than immediately when the customer pays for them, unlike our sales and marketing expenditures, which are expensed in full when incurred. 

Due to all of the above factors, our revenues and operating
results are difficult to forecast. Therefore, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our operating results will not necessarily be meaningful, and you

14 

Table of Contents

should not rely upon them as an indication of future performance. Also, operating results may fall below our expectations and the expectations of securities analysts or investors in one or more
future periods. If this were to occur, the market price of our common stock would likely decline. 

Our operating results may continue to be adversely affected by the current economic environment, unfavorable market and economic conditions. 

The current global economic environment may continue to have a
negative impact on demand for our services, our business and our foreign operations. The economic environment has or may negatively impact, among other things: 

•

 current and future demand for our services, including decreases as a result of reduced spending on information technology and communications by our
customers; 

•

 our customers’ continued growth and development of their businesses and our customers’ ability to continue as going concerns;

•

 the ability of our customers to maintain their business; 

•

 price competition for our products and services; 

•

 the ability of our suppliers to continue to fill our orders; 

•

 the price of our common stock; 

•

 our liquidity; 

•

 our ability to service our debt, to obtain financing or assume new debt obligations; 

•

 our ability to obtain payment for outstanding debts owed to us by our customers or other parties with whom we do business; and

•

 our ability to execute on any stock repurchase plans. 

In addition, to the extent that the economic environment impacts specific industry and geographic sectors in which many of our
customers are concentrated, that may further negatively impact our business. If the economic and market conditions in the U.S. and globally do not improve, or if they further deteriorate, we may experience material adverse impacts on our business,
operating results and financial position as a consequence of the above factors or otherwise. 

Our diversified business structure may result in significant fluctuations of our financial results. 

The successful operation of our business depends on numerous factors, many of which are not entirely under our control, including, but not
limited to, the following: 

•

 the use of the Internet and other IP networks, and the extent to which digital certificates and domain names are used, for e-commerce and
communications; 

•

 growth in demand for our services; 

•

 the competition for any of our services; 

•

 the perceived security of e-commerce and communications over the Internet and other IP networks; 

•

 the perceived security of our services, technology, infrastructure and practices; 

•

 the loss of customers through industry consolidation or customer decisions to deploy in-house or competitor technology and services;

•

 our continued ability to maintain our current, and enter into additional, strategic relationships; 

15 

Table of Contents

•

 our ability to successfully market our services to new and existing customers; 

•

 our success in attracting, integrating, training, retaining and motivating qualified personnel; 

•

 our response to competitive developments; 

•

 the successful introduction of new products and services; 

•

 seasonal fluctuations in business activity; and 

•

 the successful introduction of enhancements to our services to address new technologies and standards and changing market conditions.

Our international operations subject our
business to additional economic risks that could have an adverse impact on our revenues and business. 

As of December 31, 2009, we had 864 or 37% of our employees outside the U.S. Expansion into international markets has required and will
continue to require significant management attention and resources. We may also need to tailor some of our services for a particular market and to enter into international distribution and operating relationships. We have limited experience in
localizing our services and in developing international distribution or operating relationships. We may not succeed in expanding our services into international markets. Failure to do so could harm our business. Moreover, local laws and customs in
many countries differ significantly from those in the U.S. In many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it is common for others to engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and
procedures or U.S. law or regulations applicable to us. There can be no assurance that all of our employees, contractors and agents will not take actions in violation of such policies, procedures, laws and/or regulations. Violations of laws,
regulations or key control policies by our employees, contractors or agents could result in financial reporting problems, fines, penalties, or prohibition on the importation or exportation of our products and could have a material adverse effect on
our business. In addition, we face risks inherent in doing business on an international basis, including, among others: 

•

 competition with foreign companies or other domestic companies entering the foreign markets in which we operate; 

•

 differing and uncertain regulatory requirements; 

•

 legal uncertainty regarding liability, enforcing our contracts and compliance with foreign laws; 

•

 export and import restrictions on cryptographic technology and products incorporating that technology; 

•

 tariffs and other trade barriers and restrictions; 

•

 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 

•

 longer sales and payment cycles; 

•

 problems in collecting accounts receivable; 

•

 currency fluctuations, as our international revenues are not always denominated in U.S. dollars and some of our costs are denominated in foreign
currencies; 

•

 difficulty in repatriating profits to the U.S.; 

•

 potential problems associated with adapting our services to technical conditions existing in different countries; 

•

 the necessity of developing foreign language portals and products for our services; 

•

 difficulty of authenticating customer information for digital certificates and other purposes; 

•

 political instability; 

16 

Table of Contents

•

 failure of foreign laws to protect our U.S. proprietary rights adequately; 

•

 more stringent privacy policies in some foreign countries; 

•

 additional vulnerability from terrorist groups targeting U.S. interests abroad; 

•

 seasonal reductions in business activity; and 

•

 potentially adverse tax consequences. 

We are exposed to risks faced by financial institutions. 

We have entered into hedging transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry which have been adversely impacted by the
current economic environment. Defaults by, and even rumors or questions about the solvency of, certain financial institutions and the financial services industry generally have led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or
defaults by other institutions. The hedging transactions we have entered into expose us to credit risk in the event of default by one of our counterparties. Despite the risk control measures we have in place, a default by one of our counterparties,
or liquidity problems in the financial services industry in general, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Governmental regulation and the application of existing laws may slow business growth, increase our costs of doing business and create
potential liability. 

Application of new and
existing laws and regulations to the Internet and wireless communications industry can be unclear. The costs of complying or failing to comply with these laws and regulations could limit our ability to operate in our current markets, expose us to
compliance costs and substantial liability and result in costly and time-consuming litigation. 

Foreign, federal or state laws could have an adverse impact on our business. For example, laws designed to restrict the on-line distribution of certain materials deemed harmful to children, on-line
gambling, and cyber squatting and laws designed to promote cyber security may impose significant additional costs on our business or subject us to additional liabilities. 

Due to the nature of the Internet, it is possible that state or foreign governments might attempt to regulate Internet
transmissions or prosecute us for violations of their laws. We might unintentionally violate such laws, such laws may be modified and new laws may be enacted in the future. Any such developments could increase the costs of regulatory compliance for
us, force us to change our business practices or otherwise materially harm our business. 

In addition, we are required to comply with state laws and regulations regarding certification authorities and if we fail to do so, we could lose the statutory benefits and protections that would
otherwise be afforded to us. 

While we believe we currently
have effective internal control over financial reporting, we may identify a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting that could cause investors to lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements and result
in a decrease in the value of our securities. 

We will continue to evaluate, upgrade and enhance our internal controls. Because of inherent limitations, our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements, errors or omissions, including those caused by
human error, the circumvention of overriding controls, the violation of company policies or practices (whether negligent or willful) or fraud, and any projections of any evaluation of effectiveness of internal controls to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with our policies or procedures may deteriorate. We cannot be certain in future periods that other control deficiencies that may
constitute one or more 

17 

Table of Contents

significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting will not be identified. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including
any failure to implement or difficulty in implementing required new or improved controls, our business and results of operations could be harmed, the results of operations we report could be subject to adjustments, we could fail to be able to
provide reasonable assurance as to our financial results or the effectiveness of our internal controls or meet our reporting obligations and there could be a material adverse effect on our business. 

Issues arising from our agreements with ICANN and the DOC could harm our
registry business. 

The DOC has adopted a
plan for the phased transition of its responsibilities for the DNS to ICANN. As part of this transition, we are parties to agreements with ICANN and the DOC as the exclusive registry of domain names within the .com gTLD and with ICANN with
respect to being the exclusive registry for the 
.name and 
.net gTLDs. 

We face risks arising from our agreements with ICANN and the DOC and from the planned transition of the DOC’s responsibilities for the DNS to ICANN, including the following: 

•

 ICANN could adopt or promote policies, procedures or programs that are unfavorable to us as the registry operator of the .com, 
.net and

.name gTLDs, that are inconsistent with our current or future plans, or that affect our competitive position; 

•

 Under the Affirmation of Commitments entered into between ICANN and the DOC effective October 1, 2009 (the “Affirmation of
Commitments”), the DOC became one of several parties working together with other representative constituency members in providing an on-going review of ICANN’s performance and accountability. The Affirmation of Commitments provides for
more defined international participation in this review. It is not known what, if any, role these review committees will play in the oversight of ICANN’s contracting process with various gTLD providers including VeriSign, and they could make
recommendations that are adverse to our business; 

•

 one or more of the .com, .net, or
 .name Registry Agreements may not renew when they expire in 2011 (
.net) and 2012 (
.com
and 
.name), which in the case of 
.com or 
.net, could have a material adverse effect on our business; 

•

 under certain circumstances, ICANN could terminate one or more of our agreements to be the registry for the .com, 
.net or 
.name
gTLDs and the DOC could refuse to grant its approval to the renewal of the 
.com Registry Agreement, in which case terminations of the 
.com or 
.net Registry Agreements could have a material adverse impact on our business;

•

 the DOC’s or ICANN’s interpretation of provisions of our agreements with either of them could differ from ours; and

•

 our registry business could face legal or other challenges resulting from our activities or the activities of registrars and registrants.

In addition, under the
.com, .
net and .
name Registry Agreements, we are prohibited from holding a greater than 15% ownership interest in an ICANN accredited registrar. This prohibition on cross-ownership currently applies to all sixteen ICANN gTLDs,
but does not apply to ccTLDs. ICANN is currently considering allowing the vertical integration of registries and registrars in terms of partners and owners in the upcoming round of new gTLD registries. This proposal is currently under review by
the ICANN community and the timing and outcome is unknown. Additionally, vertical integration of existing gTLD registries may be considered by ICANN. If vertical integration is permitted, the impact to the
distribution channel is uncertain but could have a material adverse effect on our business.

18 

Table of Contents

Challenges to ongoing
privatization of Internet administration could harm our Naming Services business. 

Risks we face from challenges by third parties, including governmental authorities in the U.S. and other countries, to our role in the ongoing privatization of the Internet include: 

•

 legal, regulatory or other challenges could be brought, including challenges to the agreements governing our relationship with the DOC or ICANN, or to
the legal authority underlying the roles and actions of the DOC, ICANN or us; 

•

 the U.S. Congress could take action that is unfavorable to us; 

•

 ICANN could fail to maintain its role, potentially resulting in instability in DNS administration; and 

•

 some governments and governmental authorities outside the U.S. have in the past disagreed, and may in the future disagree, with the actions, policies
or programs of ICANN, the U.S. Government and us relating to the DNS. The Affirmation of Commitments, which calls for the establishment of multi-party review panels, contemplates a greater involvement by foreign governments and governmental
authorities in the oversight of ICANN. These periodic review panels may take positions that are unfavorable to VeriSign. 

As a result of these and other risks, it may be difficult for us to introduce new services in our domain name registry business and we could
also be subject to additional restrictions, which may not also apply to our competitors, on how this business is conducted. 

We rely on third parties who maintain and control root zone servers and route Internet communications. 

We currently administer and operate only two of the thirteen
root zone servers. The others are administered and operated by independent operators on a non-regulated basis. Root zone servers are name servers that contain authoritative data for the very top of the DNS hierarchy. These servers have the
software and data needed to locate name servers that contain authoritative data for the top-level domains. These root zone servers are critical to the functioning of the Internet. Consequently, our Naming Services business could be harmed if these
independent operators fail to maintain these servers properly or abandon these servers, which would place additional capacity demands on the two root zone servers we operate. 

Further, our Naming Services business could be harmed if any of the independent operators fails to include or
provide accessibility to the data that it maintains in the root zone servers that it controls. In the event and to the extent that ICANN is authorized to set policy with regard to an authoritative root zone server system, as provided in our registry
agreement with ICANN, it is required to ensure that the authoritative root will point to the top-level domain zone servers designated by us. If ICANN does not do this, our business could be harmed. 

Changes in customer behavior, either as a result of evolving technologies or
user practices, may impact the demand for domain names. 

Currently, Internet users navigate to a website either by directly typing in its domain name into a web browser or through the use of a search engine. If (i) web browser or Internet search
technologies were to change significantly; (ii) Internet search engines changed the value of their algorithms on the use of a domain for finding a website; (iii) Internet users were to shift away from direct navigation, or
(iv) Internet users increase the use of second or third level domains or alternate identifiers, the demand for domain names could decrease. 

Changes in the level of spending on on-line advertising and/or the way that on-line networks compensate owners of websites, could impact the demand for
domain names. 

Some domain name registrars
and registrants seek to generate revenue through advertising on their websites; changes in the way these registrars and registrants are compensated (including changes in methodologies and 

19 

Table of Contents

metrics) by advertisers and advertisement placement networks, such as Google and Yahoo!, could adversely affect the market for those domain names favored by such registrars and registrants
resulting in a decrease in demand and/or the renewal rate for those domain names. As a result of the general economic environment, spending on on-line advertising and marketing may not increase or may be reduced, which in turn, may result in a
further decline in the demand for those domain names. 

Services
offered by our 3IS segment rely on the continued integrity of public key cryptography technology and various hashing algorithms that may be compromised or proven obsolete over time. 

Services offered by our 3IS segment depend on public key cryptography technology. With public key cryptography
technology, a user possesses a public key and a private key, both of which are required to perform encryption and decryption operations. The security afforded by this technology depends on the integrity of a user’s private key and ensuring that
it is not lost, stolen or otherwise compromised. The integrity of private keys also depends in part on the application of specific mathematical principles known as “factoring.” This integrity is predicated on the assumption that the
factoring of large numbers into their prime number components is difficult. Should an easy factoring method or other method be developed making currently used asymmetric key sizes such as 1024, 2048 and 4096 bits inadequate, the security of
encryption products utilizing public key cryptography technology may require significant modifications or would be reduced or eliminated. Furthermore, any significant advance in techniques for attacking cryptographic systems could also render some
or all of our existing PKI Services obsolete or unmarketable. Likewise, hashing algorithms, such as SHA1 or SHA2, are also utilized in public key cryptography technology and as new methods of attacking these algorithms are created, they could render
our PKI Services obsolete or unmarketable. If improved techniques for attacking cryptographic systems were ever developed that make attacks practical, we would likely have to reissue digital certificates to some or all of our customers, which could
damage our reputation and brand or otherwise harm our business. In the past there have been public announcements of the successful attack upon cryptographic keys of certain kinds and lengths and of the potential misappropriation of private keys and
other activation data. This type of publicity could also hurt the public perception as to the safety of the public key cryptography technology included in our digital certificates. This negative public perception could harm our business. 

Undetected or unknown defects in our services could harm our business and
future operating results. 

Services as
complex as those we offer or develop could contain undetected defects or errors. Despite testing, defects or errors may occur in our existing or new services, which could result in compromised customer data, loss of or delay in revenues, loss of
market share, failure to achieve market acceptance, diversion of development resources, injury to our reputation, tort or warranty claims, increased insurance costs or increased service and warranty costs, any of which could harm our business. The
performance of our services could have unforeseen or unknown adverse effects on the networks over which they are delivered as well as on third-party applications and services that utilize our services, which could result in legal claims against us,
harming our business. Furthermore, we often provide implementation, customization, consulting and other technical services in connection with the implementation and ongoing maintenance of our services, which typically involves working with
sophisticated software, computing and communications systems. Our failure or inability to meet customer expectations in a timely manner could also result in loss of or delay in revenues, loss of market share, failure to achieve market acceptance,
injury to our reputation and increased costs. 

If we encounter
system interruptions, we could be exposed to liability and our reputation and business could suffer. 

We depend on the uninterrupted operation of our various systems, secure data centers and other computer and communication networks. Our
systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from: 

•

 power loss, transmission cable cuts and other telecommunications failures; 

•

 damage or interruption caused by fire, earthquake, and other natural disasters; 

20 

Table of Contents

•

 attacks by hackers; 

•

 computer viruses or software defects; and 

•

 physical or electronic break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism, terrorist attacks and other events beyond our control.

Most of our systems are located
at, and most of our customer information is stored in, our facilities in Mountain View, California and Kawasaki, Japan (both of which are susceptible to earthquakes); New Castle, Delaware; Dulles, Virginia; Melbourne, Australia; London, England; and
Fribourg, Switzerland. To the extent we are unable to partially or completely switch over to secondary or tertiary sites, any damage or failure that causes interruptions in any of these facilities or our other computer and communications systems
could materially harm our business. Although we carry insurance for property damage and business interruption, we do not carry insurance or financial reserves for interruptions or potential losses arising from earthquakes or terrorism. 

In addition, our ability to issue SSL certificates, our
domain name registry services and certain of our other services depend on the efficient operation of the Internet connections from customers to our secure data centers and from our customers to the Shared Registration System. These connections
depend upon the efficient operation of Internet service providers and Internet backbone service providers, all of which have had periodic operational problems or experienced outages in the past. 

A failure in the operation of our top-level domain name zone
servers, the domain name root zone servers, or other events could result in the deletion of one or more domain names from the Internet for a period of time. A failure in the operation of our Shared Registration System could result in the inability
of one or more other registrars to register and maintain domain names for a period of time. A failure in the operation or update of the master database that we maintain could result in the deletion of one or more top-level domains from the Internet
and the discontinuation of second-level domain names in those top-level domains for a period of time. Any of these problems or outages could decrease customer satisfaction, harming our business or resulting in adverse publicity that could adversely
affect the market’s perception of the security of e-commerce and communications over IP networks as well as of the security or reliability of our services. 

If we experience security breaches, we could be exposed to liability and our reputation and business could suffer. 

We retain certain confidential customer information in our
secure data centers and various registration systems. It is critical to our business strategy that our facilities and infrastructure remain secure and are perceived by the marketplace to be secure. Our domain name registry operations also depend on
our ability to maintain our computer and telecommunications equipment in effective working order and to reasonably protect our systems against interruption, and potentially depend on protection by other registrars in the Shared Registration System.
The domain name root zone servers and top-level domain name zone servers that we operate are critical hardware to our registry services operations. Therefore, we may have to expend significant time and money to maintain or increase the security of
our facilities and infrastructure. Despite our security measures, our infrastructure may be vulnerable to physical break-ins, computer viruses, attacks by hackers or similar disruptive problems. It is possible that we may have to expend additional
financial and other resources to address such problems. Any physical or electronic break-in or other security breach or compromise of the information stored at our secure data centers and domain name registration systems may jeopardize the security
of information stored on our premises or in the computer systems and networks of our customers. In such an event, we could face significant liability, customers could be reluctant to use our services and we could be at risk for loss of various
security and standards-based compliance certifications needed for certain of our businesses. Such an occurrence could also result in adverse publicity and therefore adversely affect the market’s perception of the security of e-commerce and
communications over IP networks as well as of the security or reliability of our services. 

21 

Table of Contents

We rely on our intellectual property, and any failure by us to protect, or any misappropriation of, our
intellectual property could harm our business. 

Our success depends in part on our internally developed technologies and intellectual property. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for a third party to copy or otherwise obtain and use our trade secrets or other forms of our
intellectual property without authorization. Furthermore, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our proprietary rights in those countries to the same extent U.S. law protects these rights in the U.S. In addition, it is possible that others
may independently develop substantially equivalent intellectual property. If we do not effectively protect our intellectual property, our business could suffer. Additionally, we have filed patent applications with respect to certain of our
technology in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and patent offices outside the U.S. Patents may not be awarded with respect to these applications and even if such patents are awarded, such patents may not provide us with sufficient protection of
our intellectual property. In the future, we may have to resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. This type of
litigation, regardless of its outcome, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management attention and technical resources. 

We also license third-party technology that is used in our products and services to perform key functions. These third-party technology
licenses may not continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our business would suffer if we lost the rights to use certain of these technologies. Additionally, another party could claim that the licensed software
infringes a patent or other proprietary right. Litigation between the licensor and a third-party or between us and a third-party could lead to royalty obligations for which we are not indemnified or for which indemnification is insufficient, or we
may not be able to obtain any additional license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. The loss of or our inability to obtain or maintain, any of these technology licenses could harm our business. 

We rely on the strength of our VeriSign brand to differentiate
ourselves in the marketing of our products, particularly with respect to our SSL certificates. Dilution of the strength of our brand could harm our business. 

We could become subject to claims of infringement of intellectual property of others, which could be costly to defend and could harm our business. 

Claims relating to infringement of intellectual
property of others or other similar claims have been made against us in the past and could be made against us in the future. It is possible that we could become subject to additional claims for infringement of the intellectual property of third
parties. Any claims, with or without merit, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation and diversion of technical and management personnel attention, cause delays or require us to develop non-infringing technology or enter into royalty or
licensing agreements. Royalty or licensing agreements, if required, may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. If a successful claim of infringement was made against us, we could be required to pay damages or have portions of our business
enjoined. If we could not develop non-infringing technology or license the infringed or similar technology on a timely and cost-effective basis, our business could be harmed. 

In addition, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability, and scope of protection of intellectual
property rights in Internet-related businesses are uncertain and still evolving. Because of the growth of the Internet and Internet-related businesses, patent applications are continuously being filed in connection with Internet-related technology.
There are a significant number of U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications in our areas of interest, and we believe that there has been, and is likely to continue to be, significant litigation in the industry regarding patent and other
intellectual property rights. 

We are involved in a number
of investigations, claims and lawsuits against us that may result in adverse outcomes. 

In addition to intellectual property litigation and infringement claims, we are involved in a number of investigations, claims and
lawsuits. Litigation is inherently unpredictable, and excessive verdicts do occur. Adverse outcomes in some or all of these investigations, claims and lawsuits may result in significant

22 

Table of Contents

monetary damages or injunctive relief that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations. Additionally, these investigations, claims and lawsuits may involve significant expense and diversion of management’s attention and resources from other matters. 

We must establish and maintain strategic, channel and other relationships.

One of our significant business strategies
has been to enter into strategic or other similar collaborative relationships in order to reach a larger customer base than we could reach through our direct sales and marketing efforts. We may need to enter into additional relationships to execute
our business plan. We may not be able to enter into additional, or maintain our existing, strategic relationships on commercially reasonable terms. If we fail to enter into additional relationships, we would have to devote substantially more
resources to the distribution, sale and marketing of our Internet infrastructure and security services than we would otherwise. 

Our success in obtaining results from these relationships will depend both on the ultimate success of the other parties to these
relationships and on the ability of these parties to market our services successfully. 

Furthermore, our ability to achieve future growth also depends on our ability to continue to establish direct seller channels and to develop multiple distribution channels. In addition, any changes by our
channel partners to their existing marketing strategies could have a material adverse effect on our business. Similarly, if one or more of our channel partners were to encounter financial difficulties, it could have a material adverse effect on our
business. Failure of one or more of our strategic or channel relationships to result in the development and maintenance of a market for our services could harm our business. If we are unable to maintain our relationships or to enter into additional
relationships, this could harm our business. 

Failure of
VeriSign Affiliates to follow our security and trust practices or to maintain the privacy or security of confidential customer information could have an adverse impact on our revenues and business. 

We have licensed to VeriSign Affiliates our Processing Center
platform, which is designed to replicate our own secure data centers and allows the VeriSign Affiliate to offer back-end processing of PKI Services for enterprises in the regions in which the VeriSign Affiliate operates. The VeriSign Processing
Center platform provides a VeriSign Affiliate with the knowledge and technology to offer PKI Services similar to those offered by us. It is critical to our business strategy that the facilities and infrastructure used in issuing and marketing
digital certificates remain secure and we are perceived by the marketplace to be secure. Although we provide the VeriSign Affiliate with training in security and trust practices, network management and customer service and support, these practices
are performed by the VeriSign Affiliate and are outside of our control. Any failure of a VeriSign Affiliate to maintain the privacy or security of confidential customer information could result in negative publicity and therefore adversely affect
the market’s perception of the security of our services as well as the security of e-commerce and telecommunication over IP networks generally. 

Our VeriSign Identity Protection services depend in part on the acceptance of our services. 

The future growth of our VIP Services, which form a part of
User Authentication Services, depends in part on the commercial success and acceptance, and reliability of our VIP Services. Our VIP Services will suffer if our target customers do not use our VIP Services. Our future financial performance will also
depend on the successful development, introduction and customer acceptance of new and enhanced VIP Services. We are not certain that our target customers will choose our VIP Services or continue to use our VIP Services even after adoption.

23 

Table of Contents

Many of our target markets are evolving, and if these markets fail to develop or if our products and
services are not widely accepted in these markets, our business could be harmed. 

We target our 3IS segment at the market for trusted and secure e-commerce and communications over IP and other networks. Our Naming Services business is developing managed services in emerging markets
that involve naming and directory services other than registry and related infrastructure services. Our Authentication Services business is working to expand our portfolio of business and consumer based authentication solutions through the
development of new services that build on or complement current offerings. These emerging markets are rapidly evolving, may never gain wide acceptance and may not grow. Even if these markets grow, our services may not be widely accepted.
Accordingly, the demand for our services in these markets is very uncertain. The factors that may affect market acceptance of our services in these markets include the following: 

•

 market acceptance of products and services based upon technologies other than those we use; 

•

 public perception of the security of our technologies and of IP and other networks; 

•

 the introduction and consumer acceptance of new generations of mobile handsets; 

•

 the ability of the Internet infrastructure to accommodate increased levels of usage; and 

•

 government regulations affecting e-commerce and telecommunications over IP networks. 

If the market for e-commerce and communications over IP and
other networks does not grow or these services are not widely accepted in the market, our business could be materially harmed. 

We depend on key personnel to manage our business effectively and may not be successful in attracting and retaining such personnel. 

We depend on the performance of our senior management team and
other key employees. Our success also depends on our ability to attract, integrate, train, retain and motivate these individuals and additional highly skilled technical and sales and marketing personnel, both in the U.S. and abroad. 

All of the members of our senior management team and other key
employees are at-will employees and we do not maintain key person life insurance for any of our senior management team members or key employees. The loss of the services of any of our senior management team or other key employees, or failure to
attract, integrate, train, retain and motivate additional key employees could harm our business. 

We have anti-takeover protections that may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control that could benefit our stockholders. 

Our amended and restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws contain provisions that could make it more
difficult for a third party to acquire us without the consent of our Board of Directors. These provisions include: 

•

 our stockholders may take action only at a duly called meeting and not by written consent; 

•

 special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the chief executive officer, the president or our Board of Directors, and cannot be called
by our stockholders; 

•

 our board must be given advance notice regarding stockholder-sponsored proposals for consideration at annual meetings and for stockholder nominations
for the election of directors; 

•

 vacancies on our Board of Directors can be filled until the next annual meeting of stockholders by majority vote of the members of the Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee, or a majority of directors then in office if no such committee exists, or a sole remaining director; and 

•

 our Board of Directors has the ability to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock without stockholder approval.

24 

Table of Contents

VeriSign has
also adopted a stockholder rights plan that may discourage, delay or prevent a change of control or the acquisition of a substantial block of our common stock and may make any future unsolicited acquisition attempt more difficult. Under the rights
plan: 

•

 The rights will generally become exercisable if a person or group acquires 20% or more of VeriSign’s outstanding common stock (unless such
transaction is approved by our Board of Directors) and thus becomes an “acquiring person.” 

•

 Each right, when exercisable, will entitle the holder, other than the “acquiring person,” to acquire shares of VeriSign’s common stock
at a 50% discount to the then-prevailing market price. 

•

 As a result, the rights plan will cause substantial dilution to a person or group that becomes an “acquiring person” on terms that our Board
of Directors does not believe are in our best interests and those of our stockholders and may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise
receive a premium for their shares. 

In addition, Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder, generally a person which together with its
affiliates owns or within the last three years has owned 15% or more of our voting stock, for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless in the same transaction the
interested stockholder acquired 85% ownership of our voting stock (excluding certain shares) or the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Section 203 therefore may impact the ability of an acquirer to complete an acquisition
of us after a successful tender offer and accordingly could discourage, delay or prevent an acquirer from making an unsolicited offer without the approval of our Board of Directors. 

Changes in, or interpretations of, tax rules and regulations may adversely affect our effective tax rates. 

We are subject to income taxes in both the U.S. and numerous
foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, as well as in the execution of our divestitures, there are many transactions and calculations
where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are subject to audit by various tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially
different than that which is reflected in historical income tax provisions and accruals. Should additional taxes be assessed as a result of an audit or litigation, an adverse effect on our income tax provision and net income in the period or periods
for which that determination is made could result. 

In February 2010, the U.S. President’s administration announced various legislative proposals that could change the U.S. international tax laws. We are unable to predict whether these and other proposals will be implemented. We have
not yet determined whether or the extent to which these proposals will ultimately impact VeriSign. 

Risks relating to the competitive environment in which we operate 

The business environment is highly competitive and, if we do not compete effectively, we may suffer price reductions, reduced gross margins and loss of
market share. 

General:    Several of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories and/or significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do and therefore may be able to
respond more quickly than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards and customer requirements. Many of these competitors also have broader and more established distribution channels that may be used to deliver competing
products or services directly to customers through bundling or other means. If such competitors were to bundle competing products or services for their customers, the demand for our products and 

25 

Table of Contents

services might be substantially reduced and the ability to distribute our products successfully and the utilization of our services would be substantially diminished. 

New technologies and the expansion of existing technologies may
increase competitive pressure. We cannot assure you that competing technologies developed by others or the emergence of new industry standards will not adversely affect our competitive position or render our services or technologies noncompetitive
or obsolete. In addition, our markets are characterized by announcements of collaborative relationships involving our competitors. The existence or announcement of any such relationships could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain
customers. As a result of the foregoing and other factors, we may not be able to compete effectively with current or future competitors, and competitive pressures that we face could materially harm our business. 

Competition in Naming Services:    We
face competition in the domain name registry space from other gTLD and ccTLD registries that are competing for the business of entities and individuals that are seeking to establish a Web presence, including registries offering services related to
the 
.info, .org, .mobi, .biz, .pro, .aero, .museum and 
.coop gTLDs and registries offering services related to ccTLDs. ICANN currently has registry agreements with 14 registries for the operation of 16 gTLDs. In addition, there are
over 240 ccTLD registries. Furthermore, under our agreements with ICANN, we are subject to certain restrictions in the operation of 
.com, 
.net and 
.name on pricing, bundling and use of registrars that do not apply to ccTLDs and
therefore may create a competitive disadvantage. 

We also face competition from service providers that offer outsourced domain name registration, resolutions and other DNS services to organizations that require a reliable and scalable infrastructure. Among the competitors are Neustar Inc.,
Afilias Limited and Nominum, Inc. 

In addition, to
the extent end-users navigate using search engines as opposed to direct navigation, we may face competition from search engine operators such as Google Inc., Microsoft Corporation, and Yahoo! Inc. 

Additional competition to our business may arise from the
upcoming introduction of new IDN TLDs and new gTLDs by ICANN. On October 30, 2009, ICANN approved a fast track process for awarding of new IDN TLDs by the first half of 2010. Other new domain extensions (including ones for which we could
apply) could become available by the end of 2011. We do not yet know the impact, if any, that these new domain extensions may have on our business. While we may apply for one or more of these new domain extensions, there is no certainty that we will
ultimately be successful and even if we are successful in obtaining one or more of these new domain extensions, there is no guarantee that such extensions will be any more successful than the domain name extensions obtained by our competitors.

Competition in Authentication
Services:    Our Business Authentication Services and User Authentication Services are targeted at the rapidly evolving market for Internet security services, including network security, authentication and validation, which
enable secure e-commerce and telecommunications over wireline and wireless IP networks. Principal competitors generally fall within one of the following categories: (1) companies such as RSA, the information security division of EMC
Corporation, and Entrust, Inc., which offer software applications and related digital certificate products that customers operate themselves; (2) companies such as IdenTrust, Inc. which primarily offer digital certificate and certification
authority-related services; (3) companies focused on providing a bundled offering of products and services; and (4) companies offering competing SSL certificate and other security services, including domain name registrars. 

The market for Business Authentication Services and User
Authentication Services is intensely competitive, subject to rapid change and significantly affected by new product and service introductions and other market activities of industry participants. We also experience competition from a number of
smaller companies, and we believe that our primary long-term competitors may not yet have entered the market. Furthermore, AOL Inc. and Microsoft Corporation have introduced software products that enable the issuance and management of digital
certificates, and we believe that other companies could introduce similar products. If these or other companies introduce new products or services that compete with our Authentication Services, our business could be materially harmed. 

26 

Table of Contents

In addition,
browser companies that embed our interface technologies or otherwise feature them as a provider of digital certificate products and services in their Web browsers or on their websites could also promote products and services of our competitors or
charge us substantial fees for promotions in the future. 

Our
inability to react to changes in our industry and successfully introduce new products and services could harm our business. 

The Internet and communications network services industries are characterized by rapid technological change and frequent new product and
service announcements which require us continually to improve the performance, features and reliability of our services, particularly in response to competitive offerings. In order to remain competitive and retain our market share, we must
continually improve our access technology and software, support the latest transmission technologies, and adapt our products and services to changing market conditions and customer preferences, or launch entirely new products and services in
anticipation of market trends. We cannot assure you that we will be able to adapt to these challenges or respond successfully or in a cost effective way to adequately meet them. Our failure to do so would adversely affect our ability to compete and
retain customers or market share. 

Risks related to our
divestiture plan 

We continue to be responsible for
certain liabilities and transition services following the divestiture of certain businesses. 

Under the agreements reached with the buyers of certain businesses divested under the divestiture plan, we remain liable for certain
liabilities related to the divested businesses. In addition, we have entered into, and may in the future amend or extend, transition services agreements with buyers in connection with the divestiture of certain businesses. These transition services
may be required for a longer period of time than anticipated by management. In addition, we have agreed to perform certain transition services for a fixed price or for fixed hourly rates, but our actual costs to provide such services may exceed the
fees buyers are contractually obligated to pay us under the relevant transition services agreements. 

There is a possibility that we will incur costs and expenses associated with the management of liabilities related to the businesses we have
divested, including requests for indemnification by buyers. These liabilities could potentially relate to (i) breaches of contractual representations and warranties we gave to buyers of the divested businesses, or (ii) certain liabilities
relating to the divested businesses which we retained under the agreements reached with buyers of the divested businesses. Such liabilities include certain litigation matters, including actions brought by third parties. Where responsibility for such
liabilities is to be contractually allocated to the buyer or shared with the buyer or another party, it is possible that the buyer or the other party may be in default for payments for which they are responsible, obligating us to pay amounts in
excess of our agreed-upon share of those obligations. 

Following the divestiture of certain businesses, our ability to compete in certain market sectors is restricted. 

Under the agreements reached with buyers for certain businesses divested under the divestiture plan, we are restricted from competing, either
directly or indirectly, with those businesses or from entering certain market sectors for a defined period of time pursuant to negotiated non-compete arrangements. 

Risks related to our securities 

We have a considerable number of common shares subject to future issuance. 

As of December 31, 2009, we had one billion authorized
common shares, of which 183.3 million shares were outstanding. In addition, of our authorized common shares, 29.3 million common shares were reserved for 

27 

Table of Contents

issuance pursuant to outstanding employee stock option and employee stock purchase plans (“Equity Plans”), and 36.4 million shares were reserved for issuance upon conversion of the
3.25% junior subordinated convertible debentures due 2037 (the “Convertible Debentures”). As a result, we keep substantial amounts of our common stock available for issuance upon exercise or settlement of equity awards outstanding under
our Equity Plans and/or the conversion of Convertible Debentures into our common stock. Issuance of all or a large portion of such shares would be dilutive to existing security holders, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our
common stock and could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities. 

Our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not effectively manage our liabilities. 

As a result of the sale of the Convertible Debentures, we have a substantial amount of long term debt
outstanding. In addition to the Convertible Debentures, we have a credit facility (“Facility”) with a borrowing capacity of $500.0 million. As of December 31, 2009, we had no outstanding borrowings under the Facility and we had
utilized $1.7 million of the $50.0 million limit for outstanding letters of credit. The availability of borrowing capacity under the Facility allows us immediate access to working capital if we identify opportunities for the use of this cash. Our
maintenance of substantial levels of debt could adversely affect our flexibility to take advantage of corporate opportunities. 

We may not have the ability to repurchase the Convertible Debentures in cash upon the occurrence of a fundamental change, or to pay cash upon the
conversion of Convertible Debentures, as required by the indenture governing the Convertible Debentures. 

Holders of our outstanding Convertible Debentures will have the right to require us to repurchase the Convertible Debentures upon the
occurrence of a fundamental change as defined in the Indenture dated as of August 20, 2007 (the “Indenture”) between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. Although we currently intend to settle the principal
amount of the Convertible Debentures in cash as required under the Indenture, we may not have sufficient funds to repurchase the Convertible Debentures in cash or have the ability to arrange necessary financing on acceptable terms or at all. In
addition, upon conversion of the Convertible Debentures, we will be required to make cash payments to the holders of the Convertible Debentures equal to the lesser of the principal amount of the Convertible Debentures being converted and the
conversion value (as defined in the Indenture) of those debentures. Such payments could be significant, and we may not have sufficient funds to make them at such time. 

A fundamental change may also constitute an event of default or prepayment under, or result in the acceleration of the
maturity of, our then-existing indebtedness. Our ability to repurchase the Convertible Debentures in cash or make any other required payments may be limited by law or the terms of other agreements relating to our indebtedness outstanding at the
time. Our failure to repurchase the Convertible Debentures or pay cash in respect of conversions when required would result in an event of default with respect to the Convertible Debentures. 

While we currently have the intent and ability to settle the
principal in cash, if we conclude that we no longer have the ability, in the future, we will be required to change our accounting policy for earnings per share from the treasury stock method to the if-converted method. 

There may be potential new accounting pronouncements or regulatory rulings
which may have an impact on our future financial position and results of operations. 

New accounting pronouncements could, when adopted, require us to implement different accounting methods which could have a material adverse impact on future or past results of operations, which could in
turn materially adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 

28 

Table of Contents