In addition to other information in this Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating us and our business because
these factors currently have a significant impact or may have a significant impact on our business, operating results or financial condition. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements contained in
this Form 10-K as a result of the risk factors discussed below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

Risks relating to our business 

Our operating results may fluctuate and our future revenues and profitability are uncertain. 

Our operating results have varied in the past and may fluctuate significantly in the future as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside
our control. These factors include the following: 

•

 the uncertainties, costs and risks related to our proposed divestiture plan, including any income statement charges we incur in connection therewith;

•

 the long sales and implementation cycles for, and potentially large order sizes of, some of our security services and the timing and execution of individual
customer contracts; 

•

 volume of domain name registrations and customer renewals in our naming services business; 

•

 the mix of all our services sold during a period; 

•

 our success in marketing and market acceptance of our services by our existing customers and by new customers; 

•

 changes in marketing expenses related to promoting and distributing our services; 

•

 customer renewal rates and turnover of customers of our services; 

•

 continued development of our direct and indirect distribution channels for our information and security services, both in the United States and abroad;

•

 changes in the level of spending for information technology-related products and services by enterprise customers; 

•

 the impact of price changes in our communications services and information and security services or our competitors’ products and services; and

•

 general economic and market conditions as well as economic and market conditions specific to the telecommunications and Internet industries.

Our operating expenses may increase. If an
increase in our expenses is not accompanied by a corresponding increase in our revenues, our operating results will suffer, particularly as revenues from some of our services are recognized ratably over the term of the service, rather than
immediately when the customer pays for them, unlike our sales and marketing expenditures, which are expensed in full when incurred. 

Due to all of the above factors, our revenues and operating results are difficult to forecast. Therefore, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of
our operating results will not necessarily be meaningful, and you should not rely upon them as an indication of future performance. Also, operating results may fall below our expectations and the expectations of securities analysts or investors in
one or more future periods. If this were to occur, the market price of our common stock would likely decline. 

13 

Table of Contents

Our operating results may be adversely affected by the uncertain geopolitical environment and unfavorable economic and
market conditions. 

Adverse economic conditions worldwide
have contributed to downturns in the telecommunications and technology industries in the past and could impact our business in the future, resulting in: 

•

 reduced demand for our services as a result of a decrease in information technology and telecommunications spending by our customers; 

•

 increased price competition for our products and services; and 

•

 higher overhead costs as a percentage of revenues. 

Recent political turmoil in many parts of the world, including terrorist and military actions, may continue to put pressure on global economic conditions.
If the economic and market conditions in the United States and globally do not improve, or if they deteriorate, we may experience material adverse impacts on our business, operating results, and financial condition as a consequence of the above
factors or otherwise. 

Our diversified business structure may result in
significant fluctuations of our financial results. 

Many
of the companies we have acquired during the past 7 years operated in different businesses from our then-current business. Although we plan on divesting many of these businesses, until our divestiture plan is complete, our success will depend on
many factors, many of which are not entirely under our control, including, but not limited to, the following: 

•

 the use of the Internet and other Internet Protocol (“IP”) networks for electronic commerce and communications; 

•

 the extent to which digital certificates and domain names are used for electronic commerce or communications; 

•

 growth in demand for our services; 

•

 the competition for any of our services; 

•

 the perceived security of electronic commerce and communications over the Internet and other IP networks; 

•

 the perceived security of our services, technology, infrastructure and practices; 

•

 the success in marketing and overall demand for our content services to consumers and businesses; 

•

 the loss of customers through industry consolidation or customer decisions to deploy in-house or competitor technology and services; and

•

 our continued ability to maintain our current, and enter into additional, strategic relationships. 

To address these risks we must, among other things, continue to: 

•

 successfully market our services to new and existing customers; 

•

 attract, integrate, train, retain and motivate qualified personnel; 

•

 respond to competitive developments; 

•

 successfully introduce new services; and 

•

 successfully introduce enhancements to our services to address new technologies and standards and changing market conditions. 

14 

Table of Contents

We may not realize the benefits we are
seeking from our investments in the Jamba joint ventures as a result of lower than predicted operating results, larger funding requirements or lower cash distributions or otherwise. 

We have a 49% equity interest in two joint ventures related to our former Jamba business. We will recognize our
proportionate share of the income or losses of these joint ventures in our consolidated statements of operations. We do not have control over the budget, day-to-day management or many of the other operating expenditures of the joint ventures, and
therefore, we cannot predict with certainty the extent of the impact on our financial statements of these joint ventures for any particular period. Accordingly, our share of the income or losses of these joint ventures could materially affect our
results of operations in future periods. 

The joint venture
agreements contain provisions requiring minimum cash distributions to the members. However, these provisions are subject to conditions and limitations, and therefore, we cannot assure you that we will ever receive cash distributions from these joint
ventures. If the joint ventures require capital to fund their operations, we could be required to make capital contributions or loans to the joint ventures. The business operated by the U.S. joint venture is a newer business and therefore it may be
more likely to require additional funding, although we cannot assure you that the Netherlands joint venture will not require additional funding as well. Additionally, we could be required to pay additional amounts to the joint ventures if it is
later determined that we breached any of the representations or warranties in the formation agreement for the joint ventures. 

The value of our investment in these joint ventures is subject to general economic, technological and market trends, as well as to the operating and
financial decisions of the management team of the joint venture, all of which are outside of our control. In addition, these joint ventures may not gain the expected number of customers and/or generate the expected level of revenues, and
consequently, we may never receive any cash distributions from these joint ventures, and in fact, they may require additional funding, any of which could diminish the value of or dilute our investment. Our investments in these joint ventures may not
provide the economic returns we are seeking and may not increase in value above the minimum amounts at which we can require Fox or News Corporation to buy our shares from us. We cannot assure you that the commercial agreements, including the Gateway
Services Agreement, will provide us any benefit. It is also possible that Fox and News Corporation could purchase our shares from us in the future, prior to the businesses of the joint ventures reaching their full potential. Therefore, we cannot
provide you with any assurance as to whether we will achieve a favorable return on our investment. 

We also entered into various other commercial relationships with the joint ventures; however, we cannot assure you that we will derive significant
revenues from these other relationships. 

Our international operations
subject our business to additional economic risks that could have an adverse impact on our revenues and business. 

As of December 31, 2007, we had approximately 1,200 employees outside the United States, including Europe, Asia, Australia, and the Americas.
Expansion into international markets has required and will continue to require significant management attention and resources. We may also need to tailor some of our other services for a particular market and to enter into international distribution
and operating relationships. We have limited experience in localizing our services and in developing international distribution or operating relationships. We may not succeed in expanding our services into international markets. Failure to do so
could harm our business. Moreover, local laws and customs in many countries differ significantly from those in the United States. In many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it is common for others to engage in
business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures or United States regulations applicable to us. There can be no assurance that all of our employees, contractors and agents will not take actions in violations of them.
Violations of laws or key control policies by our employees, contractors or agents could result in financial reporting problems, fines, penalties, or prohibition on the 

15 

Table of Contents

importation or exportation of our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, there are risks inherent in doing business
on an international basis, including, among others: 

•

 competition with foreign companies or other domestic companies entering the foreign markets in which we operate; 

•

 differing and uncertain regulatory requirements; 

•

 legal uncertainty regarding liability and compliance with foreign laws; 

•

 export and import restrictions on cryptographic technology and products incorporating that technology; 

•

 tariffs and other trade barriers and restrictions; 

•

 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 

•

 longer sales and payment cycles; 

•

 problems in collecting accounts receivable; 

•

 currency fluctuations, as our international revenues from Europe, South Africa, Japan, South America and Australia are not denominated in U.S. Dollars;

•

 potential problems associated with adapting our services to technical conditions existing in different countries; 

•

 the necessity of developing foreign language portals and products for our services; 

•

 difficulty of authenticating customer information for digital certificates and other purposes; 

•

 political instability; 

•

 failure of foreign laws to protect our U.S. proprietary rights adequately; 

•

 more stringent privacy policies in foreign countries; 

•

 additional vulnerability from terrorist groups targeting U.S. interests abroad; 

•

 seasonal reductions in business activity; and 

•

 potentially adverse tax consequences. 

Governmental regulation and the application of existing laws may slow business growth, increase our costs of doing business and create potential liability.

Application of new and existing laws and regulations to
the Internet and wireless communications industry can be unclear. The costs of complying or failure to comply with these laws and regulations could limit our ability to operate in our markets, expose us to compliance costs and substantial liability
and result in costly and time-consuming litigation. 

Foreign,
federal or state laws could have an adverse impact on our business. For example, recent laws include those designed to restrict the on-line distribution of certain materials deemed harmful to children and impose additional restrictions or
obligations for on-line services when dealing with minors. Such legislation may impose significant additional costs on our business or subject us to additional liabilities. 

Due to the nature of the Internet, it is possible that the governments of other states and foreign countries might attempt
to regulate Internet transmissions or prosecute us for violations of their laws. We might unintentionally violate such laws, such laws may be modified and new laws may be enacted in the future. Any such developments could increase the costs of
regulatory compliance for us, force us to change our business practices or otherwise materially harm our business. 

16 

Table of Contents

We have identified a material weakness in
our internal controls over financial reporting that could cause investors to lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements and result in a decrease in the value of our securities. 

Our management has identified a material weakness in our internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2007, arising from internal control deficiencies in our stock administration policies and practices, as discussed in Part II, Item 9A, “Controls and Procedures.” In addition, due to the
identification of a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2007, and the date of this report, our disclosure controls and
procedures were not effective. 

We will continue to evaluate,
upgrade and enhance our internal controls. Because of inherent limitations, our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements, errors or omissions, and any projections of any evaluation of effectiveness of
internal controls to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with our policies or procedures may deteriorate. We cannot be certain in future periods
that other control deficiencies that may constitute one or more “significant deficiencies” (as defined by the relevant auditing standards) or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting will not be identified. If
we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to implement or difficulty in implementing required new or improved controls, our business and results of operations could be harmed, the results of operations we
report could be subject to adjustments, we could fail to be able to provide reasonable assurance as to our financial results or the effectiveness of our internal controls or meet our reporting obligations and there could be a material adverse effect
on the price of our securities. 

We have expended significant
resources in connection with our efforts to comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In future periods, we will likely continue to expend substantial amounts in connection with these compliance efforts and with ongoing evaluation of,
and improvements and enhancements to, our internal control over financial reporting. These expenditures may make it difficult for us to control or reduce the growth of our general and administrative and other expenses, which could adversely affect
our results of operations and the price of our securities. 

Issues arising
from our agreements with ICANN and the DOC could harm our registry business. 

The U.S. DOC has adopted a plan for the phased transition of the DOC’s responsibilities for the domain name system to ICANN. As part of this transition, as the exclusive registry of domain names within the
.com and 
.net gTLDs, we have entered into agreements with ICANN and with the DOC. 

We face risks from the transition of the DOC’s responsibilities for the domain name system to ICANN, including the following: 

•

 ICANN could adopt or promote policies, procedures or programs that are unfavorable to us as the registry operator of the .com and 
.net gTLDs or that
are inconsistent with our current or future plans; 

•

 the DOC or ICANN could terminate our agreements to be the registry for the .com or 
.net gTLDs under the circumstances described elsewhere in this
report; 

•

 if the .com and/or 
.net Registry Agreements are terminated, it could have a material adverse impact on our business; 

•

 the renewal of the .com Registry Agreement is not approved by the DOC; 

•

 the DOC’s or ICANN’s interpretation of provisions of our agreements with either of them could differ from ours; 

•

 the DOC could revoke its recognition of ICANN, as a result of which the DOC could take the place of ICANN for purposes of our agreements with ICANN, and could take
actions that are harmful to us and could disrupt current or future business plans; 

17 

Table of Contents

•

 the U.S. Government could refuse to transfer certain responsibilities for domain name system administration to ICANN due to security, stability or other reasons,
resulting in fragmentation or other instability in domain name system administration; and 

•

 our registry business could face legal or other challenges resulting from our activities or the activities of registrars and registrants.

Challenges to ongoing privatization of Internet
administration could harm our domain name registry business. 

Risks we face from challenges by third parties, including governmental authorities in the United States and other countries, to our role in the ongoing privatization of the Internet include: 

•

 legal, regulatory or other challenges could be brought, including challenges to the agreements governing our relationship with the DOC or ICANN, or to the legal
authority underlying the roles and actions of the DOC, ICANN or us; 

•

 the U.S. Congress could take action that is unfavorable to us; 

•

 ICANN could fail to maintain its role, potentially resulting in instability in domain name system administration; and 

•

 some governments and governmental authorities outside the United States have in the past disagreed with, and may in the future disagree with, the actions, policies
or programs of ICANN, the U.S. Government and us relating to the domain name system. These foreign governments or governmental authorities may take actions or adopt policies or programs that are harmful to our business. 

As a result of these and other risks, it may be difficult for us to
introduce new services in our domain name registry business and we could also be subject to additional restrictions on how this business is conducted. 

We rely on third parties who maintain and control root zone servers and route Internet communications. 

We currently administer and operate only two of the thirteen root zone
servers. The others are administered and operated by independent operators on a non-regulated basis. Because of the importance to the functioning of the Internet of these root zone servers, our registry services business could be harmed if these
independent operators fail to maintain these servers properly or abandon these servers, which would place additional capacity demands on the two root zone servers we operate. 

Further, our registry services business could be harmed if any of these volunteer operators fail to include or provide
accessibility to the data that it maintains in the root zone servers that it controls. In the event and to the extent that ICANN is authorized to set policy with regard to an authoritative root server system, as provided in our registry agreement
with ICANN, it is required to ensure that the authoritative root will point to the top-level domain zone servers designated by us. If ICANN does not do this, our business could be harmed. 

Undetected or unknown defects in our services could harm our business and future operating results. 

Services as complex as those we offer or develop frequently contain
undetected defects or errors. Despite testing, defects or errors may occur in our existing or new services, which could result in loss of or delay in revenues, loss of market share, failure to achieve market acceptance, diversion of development
resources, injury to our reputation, tort or warranty claims, increased insurance costs or increased service and warranty costs, any of which could harm our business. The performance of our services could have unforeseen or unknown adverse effects
on the networks over which they are delivered as well as on third-party applications and services that utilize our services, which could result in legal claims against us, harming our business. Furthermore, we often provide implementation,
customization, consulting and other technical services in connection with the implementation and ongoing maintenance of our services, which typically involves working with sophisticated 

18 

Table of Contents

software, computing and communications systems. Our failure or inability to meet customer expectations in a timely manner could also result in loss of or
delay in revenues, loss of market share, failure to achieve market acceptance, injury to our reputation and increased costs. 

If we encounter system interruptions, we could be exposed to liability and our reputation and business could suffer. 

We depend on the uninterrupted operation of our various systems, secure data
centers and other computer and communication networks. Our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from: 

•

 power loss, transmission cable cuts and other telecommunications failures; 

•

 damage or interruption caused by fire, earthquake, and other natural disasters; 

•

 computer viruses or software defects; and 

•

 physical or electronic break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism, terrorist attacks and other events beyond our control. 

Most of our systems are located at, and most of our customer information is
stored in, our facilities in Mountain View, California and Kawasaki, Japan, both of which are susceptible to earthquakes; Providence, Rhode Island; Dulles, Virginia; Lacey, Washington; Overland Park, Kansas, Melbourne, Australia and Berlin, Hamburg
and Verl, Germany. Any damage or failure that causes interruptions in any of these facilities or our other computer and communications systems could materially harm our business. Although we carry insurance for property damage and business
interruption, we do not carry insurance or financial reserves for interruptions or potential losses arising from earthquakes or terrorism. 

In addition, our ability to issue digital certificates, our domain name registry services and other of our services depend on the efficient operation of
the Internet connections from customers to our secure data centers and from our customers to the shared registration system. These connections depend upon the efficient operation of Internet service providers and Internet backbone service providers,
all of which have had periodic operational problems or experienced outages in the past. 

A failure in the operation of our domain name zone servers, the domain name root servers, or other events could result in the deletion of one or more domain names from the Internet for a period of time. A failure in
the operation of our shared registration system could result in the inability of one or more other registrars to register and maintain domain names for a period of time. A failure in the operation or update of the master database that we maintain
could result in the deletion of one or more top-level domains from the Internet and the discontinuation of second-level domain names in those top-level domains for a period of time. Any of these problems or outages could decrease customer
satisfaction, which could harm our business. 

If we experience security
breaches, we could be exposed to liability and our reputation and business could suffer. 

We retain certain confidential customer information in our secure data centers and various registration systems. It is critical to our business strategy that our facilities and infrastructure remain secure and are
perceived by the marketplace to be secure. Our domain name registry operations also depend on our ability to maintain our computer and telecommunications equipment in effective working order and to reasonably protect our systems against
interruption, and potentially depend on protection by other registrars in the shared registration system. The root zone servers and top-level domain name zone servers that we operate are critical hardware to our registry services operations.
Therefore, we may have to expend significant time and money to maintain or increase the security of our facilities and infrastructure. 

Despite our security measures, our infrastructure may be vulnerable to physical break-ins, computer viruses, attacks by hackers or similar disruptive
problems. It is possible that we may have to expend additional financial 

19 

Table of Contents

and other resources to address such problems. Any physical or electronic break-in or other security breach or compromise of the information stored at our
secure data centers and domain name registration systems may jeopardize the security of information stored on our premises or in the computer systems and networks of our customers. In such an event, we could face significant liability and customers
could be reluctant to use our services. Such an occurrence could also result in adverse publicity and therefore adversely affect the market’s perception of the security of electronic commerce and communications over IP networks as well as of
the security or reliability of our services. 

The reliance of our network
connectivity and interoperability services and content services on third-party communications infrastructure, hardware and software exposes us to a variety of risks we cannot control. 

The success of our network connectivity and interoperability services and
content services depends on our network infrastructure, including the capacity leased from telecommunications suppliers. In particular, we rely on AT&T, Sprint and other telecommunications providers for leased long-haul and local loop
transmission capacity. These companies provide the dedicated links that connect our network components to each other and to our customers. Our business also depends upon the capacity, reliability and security of the infrastructure owned by third
parties that is used to connect telephone calls. Specifically, we currently lease capacity from regional providers on four of the fourteen mated pairs of SS7 signal transfer points that comprise our network. 

We have no control over the operation, quality or maintenance of a
significant portion of that infrastructure or whether or not those third parties will upgrade or improve their equipment. We depend on these companies to maintain the operational integrity of our connections. If one or more of these companies is
unable or unwilling to supply or expand its levels of service to us in the future, our operations could be severely interrupted. In addition, rapid changes in the telecommunications industry have led to the merging of many companies. These mergers
may cause the availability, pricing and quality of the services we use to vary and could cause the length of time it takes to deliver the services that we use to increase significantly. 

Our signaling and SS7 services rely on links, equipment and software provided to us from our vendors, the most important of
which are gateway equipment and software from Tekelec and Agilent Technologies, Inc. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to purchase equipment from these vendors on acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable to maintain current
purchasing terms or ensure product availability with these vendors, we may lose customers and experience an increase in costs in seeking alternative suppliers of products and services. 

We rely on our intellectual property, and any failure by us to protect, or any misappropriation of, our intellectual property could harm
our business. 

Our success depends on our internally
developed technologies, patents and other intellectual property. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for a third party to copy or otherwise obtain and use our trade secrets or other forms of our intellectual property without authorization.
Furthermore, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our proprietary rights in those countries to the same extent U.S. law protects these rights in the United States. In addition, it is possible that others may independently develop
substantially equivalent intellectual property. If we do not effectively protect our intellectual property, our business could suffer. Additionally, we have filed patent applications with respect to certain of our technology in the U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office and patent offices outside the United States. Patents may not be awarded with respect to these applications and even if such patents are awarded, such patents may not provide us with sufficient protection of our intellectual
property. In the future, we may have to resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. This type of litigation, regardless of
its outcome, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management and technical resources. 

We also license third-party technology that is used in our products and services to perform key functions. These third-party technology licenses may not
continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms 

20 

Table of Contents

or at all. Our business could suffer if we lost the rights to use these technologies. Additionally, another party could claim that the licensed software
infringes a patent or other proprietary right. Litigation between the licensor and a third-party or between us and a third-party could lead to royalty obligations for which we are not indemnified or for which indemnification is insufficient, or we
may not be able to obtain any additional license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. The loss of, or our inability to obtain or maintain, any of these technology licenses could delay the introduction of our Internet infrastructure services
until equivalent technology, if available, is identified, licensed and integrated. This could harm our business. 

We could become subject to claims of infringement of intellectual property of others, which could be costly to defend and which could harm our business.

Claims relating to infringement of intellectual property
of others or other similar claims have been made against us in the past and could be made against us in the future. In addition, we provide links to news content as part of our real-time publisher service. It is possible that we could
become subject to additional claims for infringement of the intellectual property of third parties. Any claims, with or without merit, could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation and diversion of technical and management personnel, cause
delays or require us to develop non-infringing technology or enter into royalty or licensing agreements. Royalty or licensing agreements, if required, may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. If a successful claim of infringement were
made against us, we could be required to pay damages or have portions of our business enjoined. If we could not develop non-infringing technology or license the infringed or similar technology on a timely and cost-effective basis, our business could
be harmed. 

In addition, legal standards relating to the
validity, enforceability, and scope of protection of intellectual property rights in Internet-related businesses are uncertain and still evolving. Because of the growth of the Internet and Internet-related businesses, patent applications are
continuously and simultaneously being filed in connection with Internet-related technology. There are a significant number of U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications in our areas of interest, and we believe that there has been, and is
likely to continue to be, significant litigation in the industry regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. 

We must establish and maintain strategic and other relationships. 

One of our significant business strategies has been to enter into strategic or other similar collaborative relationships in order to reach a larger
customer base than we could reach through our direct sales and marketing efforts. We may need to enter into additional relationships to execute our business plan. We may not be able to enter into additional, or maintain our existing, strategic
relationships on commercially reasonable terms. If we fail to enter into additional relationships, we would have to devote substantially more resources to the distribution, sale and marketing of our information and security services than we would
otherwise. Our success in obtaining results from these relationships will depend both on the ultimate success of the other parties to these relationships and on the ability of these parties to market our services successfully. 

Furthermore, our ability to achieve future growth will also depend on our
ability to continue to establish direct seller channels and to develop multiple distribution channels. Failure of one or more of our strategic relationships to result in the development and maintenance of a market for our services could harm our
business. If we are unable to maintain our relationships or to enter into additional relationships, this could harm our business. 

We depend on key personnel to manage our business effectively and may not be successful in attracting and retaining such personnel. 

We depend on the performance of our senior management team and other key
employees. Our success also depends on our ability to attract, integrate, train, retain and motivate these individuals and additional highly skilled technical and sales and marketing personnel, both in the United States and abroad. In addition, our

21 

Table of Contents

stringent hiring practices for some of our key personnel, which consist of background checks into prospective employees’ criminal and financial
histories, further limit the number of qualified persons for these positions. 

We have no employment agreements with any of our key executives that prevent them from leaving VeriSign at any time. In addition, we do not maintain key person life insurance for any of our officers or key employees.
The loss of the services of any of our senior management team or other key employees or failure to attract, integrate, train, retain and motivate additional key employees could harm our business. 

Compliance with rules and regulations concerning corporate governance is costly and could
harm our business. 

Ongoing compliance with the corporate
governance requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the NASDAQ Stock Market has increased the scope, complexity and cost of our corporate governance, reporting and disclosure practices, and our compliance efforts have required significant
management attention. It is more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we have been required to accept reduced coverage and incur substantially higher costs to obtain the reduced level of
coverage. Further, our board members, chief executive officer and chief financial officer face an increased risk of personal liability in connection with the performance of their duties. As a result, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining
qualified board members and executive officers, which could harm our business. 

We have anti-takeover protections that may delay or prevent a change in control that could benefit our stockholders. 

Our amended and restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us
without the consent of our Board of Directors. These provisions include: 

•

 our stockholders may take action only at a meeting and not by written consent; 

•

 our board must be given advance notice regarding stockholder-sponsored proposals for consideration at annual meetings and for stockholder nominations for the
election of directors; 

•

 vacancies on our board may be filled until the next annual meeting of stockholders only by majority vote of the directors then in office; and

•

 special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the chief executive officer, the president or the board, and not by our stockholders.

VeriSign has also adopted a stockholder
rights plan that may discourage, delay or prevent a change of control and make any future unsolicited acquisition attempt more difficult. Under the rights plan: 

•

 The rights will become exercisable only upon the occurrence of certain events specified in the plan, including the acquisition of 20% of VeriSign’s outstanding
common stock by a person or group. 

•

 Each right entitles the holder, other than an “acquiring person,” to acquire shares of VeriSign’s common stock at a 50% discount to the
then-prevailing market price. 

•

 VeriSign’s Board of Directors may redeem outstanding rights at any time prior to a person becoming an “acquiring person,” at a price of $0.001 per
right. Prior to such time, the terms of the rights may be amended by VeriSign’s Board of Directors without the approval of the holders of the rights. 

Changes in, or interpretations of, tax rules and regulations may adversely affect our effective tax rates. 

We are subject to income taxes in both the United States and numerous
foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain.
We are 

22 

Table of Contents

subject to audit by various tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related
litigation could be materially different than that which is reflected in historical income tax provisions and accruals. Should additional taxes be assessed as a result of an audit or litigation, an adverse effect on our income tax provision and net
income in the period or periods for which that determination is made could result. 

Risks relating to the competitive environment in which we operate 

The business environment is highly competitive and, if we do not compete effectively, we may suffer price reductions, reduced gross margins and loss of market share. 

Competition in Information and Security
Services.    Our information and security services are targeted at the rapidly evolving market for Internet security services, including network security, authentication and validation, which enable secure electronic commerce
and communications over wireline and wireless IP networks. The market for information and security services is intensely competitive, subject to rapid change and significantly affected by new product and service introductions and other market
activities of industry participants. 

Principal competitors
generally fall within one of the following categories: (1) companies such as RSA, the security division of EMC, and Entrust Technologies, which offer software applications and related digital certificate products that customers operate
themselves; (2) companies such as Digital Signature Trust Company (a subsidiary of Identrus) that primarily offer digital certificate and certification authority-related services; (3) companies focused on providing a bundled offering of
products and services; and (4) companies offering competing SSL certificate and other security services, including GoDaddy and other domain name registrars. We also experience competition from a number of smaller companies, and we believe that
our primary long-term competitors may not yet have entered the market. Furthermore, Netscape and Microsoft have introduced software products that enable the issuance and management of digital certificates, and we believe that other companies could
introduce similar products. 

In addition, browser companies
that embed our interface technologies or otherwise feature them as a provider of digital certificate products and services in their Web browsers or on their Web sites could also promote our competitors or charge us substantial fees for promotions in
the future. 

Competition in Managed Security
Services.    Consulting companies or professional services groups of other companies with Internet expertise are current or potential competitors to our managed security services. These companies include large systems
integrators and consulting firms, such as Accenture, IBM Global Services, Getronics and Lucent NetCare. We also compete with security product companies that offer managed security services in addition to other security services, such as Symantec and
ISS, as well as a number of providers such as BT Counterpane that offer managed security services. Telecommunications providers, such as Verizon Business, a provider of managed security services, are also potential competitors. In addition, we
compete with some companies that have developed products that automate the management of IP addresses and name maps throughout enterprise-wide intranets, and with companies with internally developed systems integration efforts. 

Competition in Real-Time Publisher Services.    We
face competition from various smaller companies providing similar services. 

Competition in Digital Brand Management Services.    We face competition from companies providing services similar to some of our Digital Brand Management Services. In the monitoring
services, registration and domain name asset management area of our business, our competition comes primarily from ICANN accredited registrars and various smaller companies providing similar services. 

Competition in Communications Services.    The
market for communications services is extremely competitive and subject to significant pricing pressure. Competition in this area arises from two primary sources. 

23 

Table of Contents

Incumbent carriers provide competing in-house services in their respective regions. In addition, we face direct competition from national, unregulated
companies, including Syniverse Technologies, Telcordia, NeuStar and other carriers such as Southern New England Telephone Diversified Group, a unit of AT&T. Furthermore, customers are increasingly likely to deploy internally developed
communications technologies and services which may reduce the demand for technologies and services from third party providers, such as VeriSign, and further increase competitive pricing pressures. 

Competition in Commerce Services.    Our wireless
billing and payment services are also subject to competition from providers such as Comverse, Amdocs, Convergys Corporation and Boston Communications Group. We are also aware of major Internet service providers, software developers and smaller
entrepreneurial companies that are or may in the future be focusing significant resources on developing and marketing products and services that may compete directly with ours. Furthermore, customers are increasingly likely to deploy internally
developed communications technologies and services which may reduce the demand for technologies and services from third-party providers such as VeriSign and further increase competitive pricing pressures. 

Competition in
Content Services.    The market for content services is extremely competitive. Competitors include developers of content and entertainment products and services in a variety of domestic and international markets, such as
Infospace, Itouch, Arvato mobile, Monstermob, and Motricity. This business also faces competition from mobile network operators such as Cingular, Verizon Wireless, Sprint Nextel Corporation, T-Mobile, Vodafone, O

2

, Orange, E-Plus and Telefónica, as well as Internet portal operators such as Yahoo!, AOL, T-Online and Google. Additional competitors are handset manufacturers such as Nokia
and software providers such as Microsoft and Apple. As the market for wireless data, including information and entertainment data, matures, new categories of competitors, such as mobile phone companies, broadcasters, music publishers, other content
providers or others have begun to develop competing products or services. 

Competition in Naming Services.    We face competition in the domain name registry space from other gTLD and ccTLD registries that are competing for the business of entities and individuals
that are seeking to establish a Web presence, including registries offering services related to the 
.info, .org, .mobi, .biz, .name, .pro, .aero, .museum and .coop gTLDs and registries offering services related to ccTLDs. There are currently
16 gTLD registries and over 240 ccTLD registries. 

We also face
competition from service providers that offer outsourced domain name registration, resolutions and other DNS services to organizations that require a reliable and scalable infrastructure. Among the competitors are UltraDNS, NeuLevel, Afilias,
Register.com and Tucows.com. 

Several of our current and
potential competitors have longer operating histories and significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do and therefore may be able to respond more quickly than we can to new or changing opportunities,
technologies, standards and customer requirements. Many of these competitors also have broader and more established distribution channels that may be used to deliver competing products or services directly to customers through bundling or other
means. If such competitors were to bundle competing products or services for their customers, the demand for our products and services might be substantially reduced and the ability to distribute our products successfully and the utilization of our
services would be substantially diminished. New technologies and the expansion of existing technologies may increase the competitive pressure. 

New technologies and the expansion of existing technologies may increase competitive pressure. We cannot assure you that competing technologies developed
by others or the emergence of new industry standards will not adversely affect our competitive position or render our security services or technologies noncompetitive or obsolete. In addition, our markets are characterized by announcements of
collaborative relationships involving our competitors. The existence or announcement of any such relationships could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers. As a result of the foregoing and other factors, we may not be able to
compete effectively with current or future competitors, and competitive pressures that we face could materially harm our business. 

24 

Table of Contents

Our inability to react to changes in our
industry and successfully introduce new products and services could harm our business. 

The Internet and communications network services industry are characterized by rapid technological change and frequent new product and service announcements which require us continually to improve the performance,
features and reliability of our services, particularly in response to competitive offerings. In order to remain competitive and retain our market share, we must continually improve our access technology and software, support the latest transmission
technologies, and adapt our products and services to changing market conditions and customer preferences. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to adapt to these challenges or respond successfully or in a cost-effective way to adequately meet them. Our
failure to do so would adversely affect our ability to compete and retain customers or market share. 

Risks related to our divestiture plan 

We may face difficulties and incur costs associated with our divestiture plan and our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be adversely affected. 

Transitioning disposed businesses involves a number of risks, including, but
not limited to difficulties separating operations, services, products and personnel; the potential impairment of relationships with our existing customers; the disruption of our business and the potential loss of key employees. 

For example, our divestiture plan will require a substantial amount of
management, administrative and operational resources. These demands may distract our employees from the day-to-day operation of VeriSign’s core businesses. 

There is also risk that we may incur additional charges associated with an impairment of a portion of goodwill and other intangible assets due to
changes in market conditions for acquisitions and dispositions. Under generally accepted accounting principles, we are required to evaluate goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, and to re-evaluate goodwill and to evaluate other intangible
assets as events or circumstances indicate that such assets may be impaired. Further, we are likely to incur income statement charges to complete the divestiture plan, which could be material. 

If we are unable to successfully address any of these risks for future
dispositions, our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be adversely affected. 

We may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect will result from the divestiture plan and such benefits may be delayed or not occur at all. 

We may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits we
expect from the divestiture of VeriSign’s non-core businesses from our portfolio. For example, we may encounter difficulties identifying buyers for certain businesses or be unable to sell businesses identified for divestiture, and there can be
no assurance that analysts and investors will place greater value on VeriSign following the divestiture plan than the value placed on us pre-divestiture. 

In addition, there is no guarantee that the planned divestitures will occur or will not be significantly delayed. Completion of the plan of divestiture is
subject to a number of factors, including: 

•

 business, political and economic conditions in the United States and in other countries in which the Company currently operates; 

•

 governmental regulations and policies, actions and approvals of regulatory bodies; 

25 

Table of Contents

•

 the operating performance of the Company; and 

•

 identification of buyers and negotiation of sale agreements. 

We may be adversely affected under certain covenants in our bank credit facility. 

Our bank credit agreement contains a negative covenant that limits our
ability to sell assets and freely deploy the proceeds we receive from such sales, subject to exceptions based on the size and timing of the sales. Therefore, depending on the size and timing of any dispositions that we decide to pursue as part of
our divestiture plan, we may find it necessary to seek an amendment to our credit agreement or to structure the sales in a manner that complies with the covenant but that is potentially less favorable to the Company than would otherwise be the case.
There can be no guarantee that we will be successful in obtaining any such amendment on acceptable terms or at all or be able to structure potential dispositions accordingly. 

We may continue to be responsible for a portion of our contingent and other corporate liabilities following the divestiture of certain
businesses. 

It is possible that under the agreements
reached with buyers for businesses divested under the plan, we may remain liable for certain contingent and corporate liabilities. There is a possibility that we will incur costs and expenses associated with the management of these contingent and
other corporate liabilities. These contingent and other corporate liabilities could potentially relate to consolidated securities litigation, as well as actions brought by third parties as a result of the divestiture plan. Where responsibility for
such liabilities is to be shared with the buyer, it is possible that the buyer or another party may be in default for payments for which they are responsible, obligating us to pay amounts in excess of our agreed-upon share of the assumed
obligations. 

Completion of the divestiture plan may restrict our ability to
compete in certain market sectors. 

It is possible that
under the agreements reached with buyers for businesses divested under the plan, we will be restricted from competing, either directly or indirectly, with those businesses or from entering certain market sectors for a defined period of time pursuant
to negotiated non-compete arrangements. 

Risks related to our securities

We have a considerable number of common shares subject to future
issuance. 

As of December 31, 2007, we had one
billion authorized common shares, of which 222.8 million shares were outstanding. In addition approximately, 46.6 million common shares were reserved for issuance pursuant to employee stock option and employee stock purchase plans
(“Equity Plans”), and approximately 36.4 million shares were reserved for issuance upon conversion or repurchase of the 3.25% junior subordinated convertible debentures due 2037. The availability of substantial amounts of our common
stock resulting from the exercise or settlement of equity awards outstanding under our Equity Plans or the conversion or repurchase of debentures using common stock, which would be dilutive to existing security holders, could adversely affect the
prevailing market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities. 

We have not historically maintained substantial levels of indebtedness, and our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not
effectively manage our liabilities. 

As a result of the
sale of the $1.25 billion principal amount of 3.25% junior subordinated convertible debentures, we have a substantially greater amount of long term debt than we have maintained in the past. In addition to the debentures, we have a revolving credit
facility with a borrowing capacity of $500 million. While we currently have no outstanding borrowings under our credit facility, its availability allows us immediate access 

to working capital if we identify opportunities for the use of this cash. Our maintenance of substantial levels of 

26 

Table of Contents

debt could adversely affect our flexibility to take advantage of corporate opportunities and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of
operations. 

We may not have the ability to repurchase the debentures in
cash upon the occurrence of a fundamental change, or to pay cash upon the conversion of debentures, as required by the indenture governing the 3.25% junior subordinated convertible debentures. 

Holders of our outstanding 3.25% junior subordinated convertible debentures
will have the right to require us to repurchase the debentures upon the occurrence of a fundamental change as defined in the Indenture dated as of August 20, 2007 (the “Indenture”). Although we currently have the intent and the
ability to settle the principal amount of the convertible debentures in cash as required under the Indenture, we may not have sufficient funds to repurchase the debentures in cash or to make the required repayment at such time or have the ability to
arrange necessary financing on acceptable terms. In addition, upon conversion of the debentures, we will be required to make cash payments to the holders of the debentures equal to the lesser of the principal amount of the debentures being converted
and the conversion value of those debentures. Such payments could be significant, and we may not have sufficient funds to make them at such time. 

A fundamental change may also constitute an event of default or prepayment under, or result in the acceleration of the maturity of, our then-existing
indebtedness. Our ability to repurchase the debentures in cash or make any other required payments may be limited by law or the terms of other agreements relating to our indebtedness outstanding at the time. Our failure to repurchase the debentures
or pay cash in respect of conversions when required would result in an event of default with respect to the debentures. 

While we currently have the intent and ability to settle the principal in cash, if we conclude that we no longer have the ability, in the future, we will
be required to change our accounting policy for earnings per share from the treasury stock method to the if-converted method. 

There may be potential new accounting pronouncements or regulatory rulings which may have an impact on our future financial condition and results of operations. 

There may be potential new accounting pronouncements or
regulatory rulings, which may have an impact on our future financial condition and results of operations. For example, in August 2007, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued for comment, the proposed FASB Staff Position
(“FSP”) No. APB 14-a (“FSP APB 14-a”), “Accounting for Convertible Debt Instruments that May be Settled in Cash upon Conversion (Including Partial Cash Settlement),” that would significantly affect the accounting
for convertible debt. Our 3.25% convertible debentures due 2037 would be affected by this proposed FSP. The proposed FSP would require the issuer to separately account for the liability and equity components of the instrument in a manner that
reflects the issuer’s economic interest cost. Further, the proposed FSP would require bifurcation of a component of the debt, classification of that component as equity, and then accretion of the resulting discount on the debt to result in the
“economic interest cost” being reflected in the consolidated statement of income. In applying this FSP, the FASB emphasized that the FSP would be applied to the terms of the instruments as they existed for the time periods they existed,
therefore, the application of the FSP would be applied retrospectively to all periods presented. If the FSP is approved, it is expected to be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2007, and will require retrospective
application. The Company would be required to implement the proposed standard during the first quarter of 2008, which begins on January 1, 2008. Although FSP APB 14-a would have no impact on our actual past or future cash flows, it would
require us to record a significant amount of non-cash interest expense as the debt discount is amortized. In addition, if our convertible debt is redeemed or converted prior to maturity, any unamortized debt discount would result in a loss on
extinguishment. As a result, there could be a material adverse impact on our results of operations and earnings per share. These impacts could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock and in turn negatively impact the trading price of
the debentures. 

See Note 10, “Junior Subordinated
Convertible Debentures,” of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 

27 

Table of Contents

Certain other risks 

Our communications services business depends in part on the acceptance of our SS7 network and the telecommunications industry’s
continuing use of SS7 technology. 

Our future growth in
our communications services business depends, in part, on the commercial success and reliability of our SS7 network. Our SS7 network is a vital component of our network services and has been a significant source of revenues for our Communications
Services Group. Our communications services business will suffer if our target customers do not use our SS7 network. Our future financial performance will also depend on the successful development, introduction and customer acceptance of new and
enhanced SS7-based services. We are not certain that our target customers will choose our particular SS7 network solution or continue to use our SS7 network. 

The inability of our customers to successfully implement our signaling and network services with their existing systems could adversely affect our business.

Significant technical challenges exist in our signaling
and network services business because many of our customers: 

•

 purchase and implement SS7 network services in phases; 

•

 deploy SS7 connectivity across a variety of telecommunication switches and routes; and 

•

 integrate our SS7 network with a number of legacy systems, third-party software applications and engineering tools. 

Customer implementation currently requires participation by our order
management and our engineering and operations groups, each of which has limited resources. Some customers may also require us to develop costly customized features or capabilities, which increases our costs and consumes a disproportionate share of
our limited customer service and support resources. Also, we typically charge one-time fees for initially connecting a customer to our SS7 network and a monthly recurring flat rate fee after the connection is established. If new or existing
customers have difficulty deploying our products or require significant amounts of our engineering service support, we may experience reduced operating margins. Our customers’ ability to deploy our network services to their own customers and
integrate them successfully within their systems depends on our customers’ capabilities and the complexity involved. Difficulty in deploying those services could reduce our operating margins due to increased customer support and could cause
potential delays in recognizing revenues until the services are implemented. 

Our failure to achieve or sustain market acceptance of our communications services at desired pricing levels and industry consolidation could adversely impact our revenues and cash flow. 

The telecommunications industry is characterized by significant price
competition. Competition and industry consolidation in our communications services could result in significant pricing pressure and an erosion in our market share. Pricing pressure from competition could cause large reductions in the selling price
of our services. For example, our competitors may provide customers with reduced communications costs for Internet access or private network services, reducing the overall cost of services and significantly increasing pricing pressures on us. We
would need to offset the effects of any price reductions by increasing the number of our customers, generating higher revenues from enhanced services or reducing our costs, and we may not be able to do so successfully. We believe that the business
of providing network connectivity and related network services will see increased consolidation in the future. Consolidation could decrease selling prices and increase competition in these industries, which could erode our market share, revenues and
operating margins in our Communications Services Group. Furthermore, customers may choose to deploy internally developed communications technologies and services thereby reducing the demand for technologies and services we offer which could harm our
business. 

28 

Table of Contents

Services offered by our Internet Services
Group rely on public key cryptography technology that may compromise our system’s security. 

Services offered by our Internet Services Group depend on public key cryptography technology. With public key cryptography technology, a user is given a
public key and a private key, both of which are required to perform encryption and decryption operations. The security afforded by this technology depends on the integrity of a user’s private key and that it is not lost, stolen or otherwise
compromised. The integrity of private keys also depends in part on the application of specific mathematical principles known as “factoring.” This integrity is predicated on the assumption that the factoring of large numbers into their
prime number components is difficult. Should an easy factoring method be developed, the security of encryption products utilizing public key cryptography technology would be reduced or eliminated. Furthermore, any significant advance in techniques
for attacking cryptographic systems could also render some or all of our existing PKI services obsolete or unmarketable. If improved techniques for attacking cryptographic systems were ever developed, we would likely have to reissue digital
certificates to some or all of our customers, which could damage our reputation and brand or otherwise harm our business. In the past there have been public announcements of the successful attack upon cryptographic keys of certain kinds and lengths
and of the potential misappropriation of private keys and other activation data. This type of publicity could also hurt the public perception as to the safety of the public key cryptography technology included in our digital certificates. This
negative public perception could harm our business. 

Our content services
business depends on agreements with many different third parties, including wireless carriers and content providers. If these agreements are terminated or not renewed, or are amended to require us to change the way our content services are offered
to customers, our business could be harmed. 

Our content
services business depends on our ability to enter into and maintain agreements with many different third parties including wireless carriers and other mobile phone service providers, upon which this business is highly dependent for billing its
customers. 

These agreements are typically for a short term, or
are otherwise terminable upon short notice, and in the case of agreements with carriers, other mobile phone service providers and content developers, are non-exclusive. If these third parties reduce their commitment to us, terminate their agreements
with us or enter into similar agreements with our competitors, our content services business could be materially harmed. 

Failure of VeriSign Affiliates to follow our security and trust practices or to maintain the privacy or security of confidential customer information could have an
adverse impact on our revenues and business. 

We have
licensed to VeriSign Affiliates our Processing Center platform, which is designed to replicate our own secure data centers and allows the VeriSign Affiliate to offer back-end processing of PKI services for enterprises. The VeriSign Processing Center
platform provides a VeriSign Affiliate with the knowledge and technology to offer PKI services similar to those offered by us. It is critical to our business strategy that the facilities and infrastructure used in issuing and marketing digital
certificates remain secure and we are perceived by the marketplace to be secure. Although we provide the VeriSign Affiliate with training in security and trust practices, network management and customer service and support, these practices are
performed by the affiliate and are outside of our control. Any failure of a VeriSign Affiliate to maintain the privacy or security of confidential customer information could result in negative publicity and therefore adversely affect the
market’s perception of the security of our services as well as the security of electronic commerce and communication over IP networks generally. 

Many of our target markets are evolving, and if these markets fail to develop or if our products and services are not widely accepted in these markets, our business
could suffer. 

We target our information and security
services at the market for trusted and secure electronic commerce and communications over IP and other networks. Our Naming Services business unit is developing managed services designed to work with the EPCglobal Network and RFID, technology,
point-of-sale data services and 

29 

Table of Contents

real-time publisher services. These are rapidly evolving markets that may not continue to grow. Even if these markets grow, our services may not be widely
accepted. Accordingly, the demand for our services is very uncertain. The factors that may affect market acceptance of our services include the following: 

•

 market acceptance of products and services based upon technologies other than those we use; 

•

 public perception of the security of our technologies and of IP and other networks; 

•

 the introduction and consumer acceptance of new generations of mobile handsets; 

•

 demand for supply chain information services, including acceptance of RFID technology, the EPCglobal Network and point-of-sale data services;

•

 the ability of the Internet infrastructure to accommodate increased levels of usage; and 

•

 government regulations affecting electronic commerce and communications over IP networks. 

If the market for electronic commerce and communications over IP and other
networks does not grow or these services are not widely accepted in the market, our business would be materially harmed.