In addition to other information in this Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating us and our
business because these factors currently have a significant impact or may have a significant impact on our business, operating results or financial condition. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking
statements contained in this Form 10-K as a result of the risk factors discussed below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K and in other filings we make with the SEC. 

Risks relating to our business 

Our operating results may fluctuate and our future revenues and
profitability are uncertain. 

Our operating
results have varied in the past and may fluctuate significantly in the future as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside our control. These factors include the following: 

•

 the current global economic environment as well as its impact on e-commerce, financial services, and the communications and Internet industries;

•

 volume of new domain name registrations and customer renewals in our Naming Services businesses; 

•

 the long sales and implementation cycles for, and potentially large order sizes of, some of our services and the timing and execution of individual
customer contracts; 

•

 our success in direct marketing, and, in the case of our Registry Services business, the scope and success of marketing efforts by third-party
registrars, and market acceptance of our services by our existing customers and by new customers; 

•

 customer renewal rates and turnover of customers of our services, and in the case of our Registry Services business, the customers of the distributors
of our services; 

•

 continued development of our distribution channels for our products and services, both in the U.S. and abroad; 

•

 the impact of price changes in our products and services or our competitors’ products and services; 

•

 the impact of decisions by distributors to offer competing products or modify or cease their marketing practices; 

•

 seasonal fluctuations in business activity; 

•

 changes in marketing expenses related to promoting and distributing our services or changes in marketing expenses related to promoting and distributing
services provided by third-party registrars or their resellers; 

•

 potential attacks by nefarious actors, which could threaten the perceived reliability of our products and services; 

•

 potential attacks on the service offerings of our distributors, such as DDoS attacks, which could limit the availability of their service offerings and
their ability to offer our products and services; 

•

 changes in the level of spending for information technology-related products and services by our customers; and 

•

 the uncertainties, costs and risks as a result of the sale of our Authentication Services business, including any income statement charges we incur in
connection therewith and costs related to our transition services agreements and any retained liability related to existing and future claims or retained litigation. 

Our operating expenses may increase. If an increase in our expenses is not accompanied by a corresponding
increase in our revenues, our operating results will suffer, particularly as revenues from some of our services are recognized ratably over the term of the service, rather than immediately when the customer pays for them, unlike our sales and
marketing expenditures, which are expensed in full when incurred. 

12 

Table of Contents

Due to all of the above factors, our revenues and operating results are difficult to
forecast. Therefore, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our operating results will not necessarily be meaningful, and you should not rely upon them as an indication of future performance. Also, operating results may fall below our
expectations and the expectations of securities analysts or investors in one or more future periods. If this were to occur, the market price of our common stock would likely decline. 

Our operating results may continue to be adversely affected as a result of the sluggish economic recovery, unfavorable
market and economic, social and political conditions. 

An unstable global economic, social and political environment may have a negative impact on demand for our services, our business and our foreign operations. The economic, social and political environment
has or may negatively impact, among other things: 

•

 our customers’ continued growth and development of their businesses and our customers’ ability to continue as going concerns or maintain
their businesses, which could affect demand for our products and services; 

•

 current and future demand for our services, including decreases as a result of reduced spending on information technology and communications by our
customers; 

•

 price competition for our products and services; 

•

 the price of our common stock; 

•

 our liquidity; 

•

 our ability to service our debt, to obtain financing or assume new debt obligations; 

•

 our ability to obtain payment for outstanding debts owed to us by our customers or other parties with whom we do business; and

•

 our ability to execute on any stock repurchase plans. 

In addition, to the extent that the economic, social and
political environment impacts specific industry and geographic sectors in which many of our customers are concentrated, that may further negatively impact our business. If the economic, social, political and market conditions in the U.S. and
globally do not improve, or if they further deteriorate, we may experience material adverse impacts on our business, operating results and financial position as a consequence of the above factors or otherwise. 

We may experience significant fluctuations in our financial results.

The successful operation of our business
depends on numerous factors, many of which are not entirely under our control, including, but not limited to, the following: 

•

 the use of the Internet and other IP networks, and the extent to which domain names are used for e-commerce and communications;

•

 changes in customer behavior, Internet platforms and web-browsing patterns; 

•

 growth in demand for our services; 

•

 the competition for any of our services; 

•

 the perceived security of e-commerce and communications over the Internet and other IP networks; 

•

 the perceived security of our services, technology, infrastructure and practices; 

•

 the loss of customers through industry consolidation or customer decisions to deploy in-house or competitor technology and services;

•

 our continued ability to maintain our current, and enter into additional, strategic relationships; 

13 

Table of Contents

•

 our ability to successfully market our services to new and existing distributors and customers; 

•

 our success in attracting, integrating, training, retaining and motivating qualified personnel; 

•

 our response to competitive developments; 

•

 the successful introduction, and acceptance by our customers, of new products and services, including our NIA Services; 

•

 seasonal fluctuations in business activity; and 

•

 the successful introduction of enhancements to our services to address new technologies and standards and changing market conditions.

Issues arising from our agreements with
ICANN and the DOC could harm our Registry Services business. 

We are parties to agreements (i) with the DOC with respect to certain aspects of the DNS, (ii) with ICANN and the DOC as the exclusive registry of domain names within the .com gTLD and
(iii) with ICANN with respect to being the exclusive registry for the 
.net and 
.name gTLDs. 

We face risks arising from our agreements with ICANN and the DOC, including the following: 

•

 ICANN could adopt or promote policies, procedures or programs that are unfavorable to us as the registry operator of the .com, 
.net and

.name gTLDs, that are inconsistent with our current or future plans, or that affect our competitive position; 

•

 one or both of the .com or 
.net Registry Agreements may not renew when they expire in 2011 (
.net) and 2012 (
.com), which
could have a material adverse effect on our business; 

•

 under certain circumstances, ICANN could terminate one or more of our agreements to be the registry for the .com, 
.net or 
.name
gTLDs and the DOC could refuse to grant its approval to the renewal of the 
.com Registry Agreement, which, in the case of the 
.com and 
.net Registry Agreements, could have a material adverse impact on our business;

•

 the DOC’s or ICANN’s interpretation of provisions of our Registry Agreements with either of them could differ from ours; and

•

 our Registry Services business faces, and could continue to face legal or other challenges resulting from our activities or the activities of
registrars and registrants, and any adverse outcome from such matters could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

In addition, under the .com, .
net and .
name Registry Agreements, we are prohibited from holding a greater than 15%
ownership interest in any ICANN accredited registrar. This prohibition on cross-ownership currently applies to all seventeen ICANN gTLDs, but does not apply to ccTLDs. ICANN has proposed allowing the operators of new gTLDs to also own, be owned 100%
by, or otherwise be affiliated with, a registrar. If this proposal is adopted, the impact to the distribution channel is uncertain but could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Challenges to Internet administration could harm our Registry Services
business. 

Risks we face from challenges by
third parties, including governmental authorities in the U.S. and other countries, to our role in the ongoing operation of the Internet include: 

•

 legal, regulatory or other challenges could be brought, including challenges to the agreements governing our relationship with the DOC or ICANN, or to
the legal authority underlying the roles and actions of the DOC, ICANN or us; 

•

 the U.S. Congress could take action that is unfavorable to us; 

•

 ICANN could fail to maintain its role, potentially resulting in instability in DNS administration; and 

14 

Table of Contents

•

 some governments and governmental authorities outside the U.S. have in the past disagreed, and may in the future disagree, with the actions, policies
or programs of ICANN, the U.S. Government and us relating to the DNS. The Affirmation of Commitments established several multi-party review panels and contemplates a greater involvement by foreign governments and governmental authorities in the
oversight and review of ICANN. These periodic review panels may take positions that are unfavorable to Verisign. 

As a result of these and other risks, it may be difficult for us to introduce new services in our Registry Services business and we could
also be subject to additional restrictions on how this business is conducted, which may not also apply to our competitors. 

Our international operations subject our business to additional economic risks that could have an adverse impact on our revenues and business.

As of December 31, 2010, we had 167, or
16% of our employees outside the U.S. Expansion into international markets has required and will continue to require significant management attention and resources. We may also need to tailor some of our services for a particular market and to enter
into international distribution and operating relationships. We have limited experience in localizing our services and in developing international distribution or operating relationships. We may not succeed in expanding our services into new
international markets or expand our presence in existing markets. Failure to do so could harm our business. Moreover, local laws and customs in many countries differ significantly from those in the U.S. In many foreign countries, particularly in
those with developing economies, it is common for others to engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures or U.S. law or regulations applicable to us. There can be no assurance that all of our employees,
contractors and agents will not take actions in violation of such policies, procedures, laws and/or regulations. Violations of laws, regulations or key control policies by our employees, contractors or agents could result in financial reporting
problems, fines, penalties, or prohibition on the importation or exportation of our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, we face risks inherent in doing business on an international basis, including, among
others: 

•

 competition with foreign companies or other domestic companies entering the foreign markets in which we operate; 

•

 differing and uncertain regulatory requirements; 

•

 legal uncertainty regarding liability, enforcing our contracts and compliance with foreign laws; 

•

 tariffs and other trade barriers and restrictions; 

•

 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 

•

 longer sales and payment cycles; 

•

 problems in collecting accounts receivable; 

•

 currency fluctuations, as a small portion of our international revenues are not always denominated in U.S. dollars and some of our costs are
denominated in foreign currencies; 

•

 high costs associated with repatriating profits to the U.S.; 

•

 potential problems associated with adapting our services to technical conditions existing in different countries; 

•

 difficulty of verifying customer information; 

•

 political instability; 

•

 failure of foreign laws to protect our U.S. proprietary rights adequately; 

•

 more stringent privacy policies in some foreign countries; 

•

 export and import restrictions on cryptographic technology and products incorporating that technology; 

15 

Table of Contents

•

 additional vulnerability from terrorist groups targeting U.S. interests abroad; 

•

 seasonal reductions in business activity; and 

•

 potentially adverse tax consequences. 

We are exposed to risks faced by financial institutions. 

We have entered into hedging transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry which have been adversely impacted by the
current economic environment. Defaults by, and even rumors or questions about the solvency of, certain financial institutions and the financial services industry generally have led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or
defaults by other institutions. The hedging transactions we have entered into expose us to credit risk in the event of default by one of our counterparties. Despite the risk control measures we have in place, a default by one of our counterparties,
or liquidity problems in the financial services industry in general, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our marketable securities portfolio could experience a decline in market
value, which could materially and adversely affect our financial results. 

As of December 31, 2010, we had $2.1 billion in cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and restricted cash, of which $501.2 million was invested in marketable securities. The marketable
securities consist of debt securities issued by the U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government corporations and agencies, corporate debt securities, and debt securities issued by foreign governments meeting the criteria of our investment policy, which
is focused on the preservation of our capital through the investment in investment grade securities. We currently do not use derivative financial instruments to adjust our investment portfolio risk or income profile. 

These investments, as well as any cash deposited in bank
accounts, are subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by unusual events, such as the Euro-zone crisis, which has affected various sectors of the financial markets and led to global credit and
liquidity issues. Over the past several years, the volatility and disruption in the global credit market reached unprecedented levels. If the global credit market does not improve or deteriorates further, our investment portfolio may be impacted and
we could determine that some of our investments have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in fair value, requiring an impairment charge which could adversely impact our financial results. 

Governmental regulation and the application of existing laws may slow
business growth, increase our costs of doing business, create potential liability and have an adverse effect on our business. 

Application of new and existing laws and regulations to the Internet and communications industry can be unclear. The costs of complying or
failing to comply with these laws and regulations could limit our ability to operate in our current markets, expose us to compliance costs and substantial liability and result in costly and time-consuming litigation. 

Foreign, federal or state laws could have an adverse impact
on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and our ability to conduct business in certain foreign countries. For example, laws designed to restrict who can register domain names, the on-line distribution of certain materials deemed
harmful to children, on-line gambling, counterfeit goods, and cyber squatting; laws designed to require registrants to provide additional documentation or information in connection with domain name registrations; and laws designed to promote cyber
security may impose significant additional costs on our business or subject us to additional liabilities. We have a number of contracts pursuant to which we provide services to the U.S. government and even though these contracts are immaterial, they
impose compliance costs, including compliance with the Federal Acquisition Regulation, that could be significant to the Company. 

16 

Table of Contents

Due to the nature of the Internet, it is possible that state or foreign governments might
attempt to regulate Internet transmissions or prosecute us for violations of their laws. We might unintentionally violate such laws, such laws may be modified and new laws may be enacted in the future. Any such developments could increase the costs
of regulatory compliance for us, affect our reputation, force us to change our business practices or otherwise materially harm our business. In addition, any such new laws could impede growth of or result in a decline in domain name registrations,
as well as impact the demand for our services. 

We may be
exposed to potential risks if we were to determine we do not have an effective system of disclosure controls or internal controls over financial reporting. 

As a public company, the Company is subject to the rules and regulations of the SEC, including those that require the Company to report on
and receive an attestation from its independent registered public accounting firm regarding the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. 

As a result of the transitioning of key corporate functions to our Dulles, Virginia office and potential voluntary employee attrition,
there is an increased risk of our failing to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls or internal controls over financial procedures, including satisfaction of the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Although we believe that
we have adequately planned to address this risk, despite our efforts, if we were to fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls or internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately or timely report on our
financial results or adequately identify and reduce fraud. As a result, the financial position of the Company could be harmed and current and potential future stockholders could lose confidence in us and/or our reported financial results, which may
cause a negative effect on our stock price; and we could be exposed to litigation or regulatory proceedings, which may be costly or divert management attention. 

We rely on third parties who maintain and control root zone servers and route Internet communications. 

We currently administer and operate only two of the thirteen
root zone servers. The others are administered and operated by independent operators on a non-regulated basis. Root zone servers are name servers that contain authoritative data for the very top of the DNS hierarchy. These servers have the
software and data needed to locate name servers that contain authoritative data for the top-level domains. These root zone servers are critical to the functioning of the Internet. Consequently, our Registry Services business could be harmed if these
independent operators fail to maintain these servers properly or abandon these servers, which would place additional capacity demands on the two root zone servers we operate. 

Further, our Registry Services business could be harmed if
any of the independent operators fails to include or provide accessibility to the data that it maintains in the root zone servers that it controls. 

Changes in customer behavior, either as a result of evolving technologies or user practices, may impact the demand for domain names. 

Currently, Internet users navigate to a website either by
directly typing its domain name into a web browser or through the use of a search engine. If (i) web browser or Internet search technologies were to change significantly; (ii) Internet search engines changed the value of their algorithms
on the use of a domain for finding a website; (iii) Internet users were to shift away from direct navigation; (iv) Internet users were to increase the use of web and phone applications to locate and access content or (v) Internet
users were to increase the use of second or third level domains or alternate identifiers, such as social networking sites, in each case the demand for domain names could decrease. 

Changes in the level of spending on on-line advertising and/or the way
that on-line networks compensate owners of websites, could impact the demand for domain names. 

Some domain name registrars and registrants seek to generate revenue through advertising on their websites; changes in the way these registrars and registrants are compensated (including changes in
methodologies and 

17 

Table of Contents

metrics) by advertisers and advertisement placement networks, such as Google and Yahoo!, could adversely affect the market for those domain names favored by such registrars and registrants
resulting in a decrease in demand and/or the renewal rate for those domain names. As a result of the general economic environment, spending on on-line advertising and marketing may not increase or may be reduced, which in turn, may result in a
further decline in the demand for those domain names. 

Undetected or unknown defects in our services could harm our business and future operating results. 

Services as complex as those we offer or develop could
contain undetected defects or errors. Despite testing, defects or errors may occur in our existing or new services, which could result in compromised customer data, loss of or delay in revenues, loss of market share, failure to achieve market
acceptance, diversion of development resources, injury to our reputation, tort or warranty claims, increased insurance costs or increased service and warranty costs, any of which could harm our business. The performance of our services could have
unforeseen or unknown adverse effects on the networks over which they are delivered as well as on third-party applications and services that utilize our services, which could result in legal claims against us, harming our business. Furthermore, we
often provide implementation, customization, consulting and other technical services in connection with the implementation and ongoing maintenance of our services, which typically involves working with sophisticated software, computing and
communications systems. Our failure or inability to meet customer expectations in a timely manner could also result in loss of or delay in revenues, loss of market share, failure to achieve market acceptance, injury to our reputation and increased
costs. 

If we encounter system interruptions, we could be
exposed to liability and our reputation and business could suffer. 

We depend on the uninterrupted operation of our various systems, secure data centers and other computer and communication networks. Our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption
from: 

•

 power loss, transmission cable cuts and other telecommunications failures; 

•

 damage or interruption caused by fire, earthquake, and other natural disasters; 

•

 attacks by hackers or nefarious actors; 

•

 computer viruses or software defects; and 

•

 physical or electronic break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism, terrorist attacks and other events beyond our control.

Most of our systems are located
at, and most of our customer information is stored in, our facilities in New Castle, Delaware; Dulles, Virginia; and Fribourg, Switzerland. To the extent we are unable to partially or completely switch over to secondary or tertiary sites, any damage
or failure that causes interruptions in any of these facilities or our other computer and communications systems could materially harm our business. Although we carry insurance for property damage and business interruption, we do not carry insurance
or financial reserves for interruptions or potential losses arising from terrorism. 

In addition, our Registry Services business and certain of our other services depend on the efficient operation of the Internet connections from customers to our secure data centers and from our customers
to the Shared Registration System. These connections depend upon the efficient operation of Internet service providers and Internet backbone service providers, all of which have had periodic operational problems or experienced outages in the past.

A failure in the operation of our top-level
domain name zone servers, the domain name root zone servers, or other events could result in the deletion of one or more domain names from the Internet for a period of time. In the event that a registrar has not implemented back up services
recommended by us in conformance with industry best practices, a failure in the operation of our Shared Registration System could result in the inability of one or more other registrars to register and maintain domain names for a period of time. A
failure in the operation or 

18 

Table of Contents

update of the master database that we maintain could also result in the deletion of one or more top-level domains from the Internet and the discontinuation of second-level domain names in those
top-level domains for a period of time. Any of these problems or outages could decrease customer satisfaction, harming our business or resulting in adverse publicity that could adversely affect the market’s perception of the security of
e-commerce and communications over IP networks as well as of the security or reliability of our services. 

If we experience security breaches, we could be exposed to liability and our reputation and business could suffer. 

We retain certain customer information in our secure data
centers and various registration systems. It is critical to our business strategy that our facilities and infrastructure remain secure and are perceived by the marketplace to be secure. The Shared Registration System, the domain name root zone
servers and top-level domain name zone servers that we operate are critical hardware and software to our Registry Services operations. Therefore, we may have to expend significant time and money to maintain or increase the security of our facilities
and infrastructure. Despite our security measures, our infrastructure may be vulnerable to physical break-ins, computer viruses, attacks by hackers or nefarious actors or similar disruptive problems. It is possible that we may have to expend
additional financial and other resources to address such problems. Any physical or electronic break-in or other security breach or compromise of the information stored at our secure data centers and domain name registration systems may jeopardize
the security of information stored on our premises or in the computer systems and networks of our customers. In such an event, we could face significant liability, customers could be reluctant to use our services and we could be at risk for loss of
various security and standards-based compliance certifications needed for certain of our businesses. Such an occurrence could also result in adverse publicity and therefore adversely affect the market’s perception of the security of e-commerce
and communications over IP networks as well as of the security or reliability of our services. 

We rely on our intellectual property, and any failure by us to protect, or any misappropriation of, our intellectual property could harm our business. 

Our success depends in part on our internally developed
technologies and intellectual property. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for a third party to copy or otherwise obtain and use our trade secrets or other forms of our intellectual property without authorization. Furthermore, the laws of
foreign countries may not protect our proprietary rights in those countries to the same extent U.S. law protects these rights in the U.S. In addition, it is possible that others may independently develop substantially equivalent intellectual
property. If we do not effectively protect our intellectual property, our business could suffer. Additionally, we have filed patent applications with respect to certain of our technology in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and patent offices
outside the U.S. Patents may not be awarded with respect to these applications and even if such patents are awarded, such patents may not provide us with sufficient protection of our intellectual property. In the future, we may have to resort to
litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. This type of litigation, regardless of its outcome, could result in substantial costs
and diversion of management attention and technical resources. 

We also license third-party technology that is used in our products and services to perform key functions. These third-party technology licenses may not continue to be available to us on commercially
reasonable terms or at all. Our business would suffer if we lost the rights to use certain of these technologies. Additionally, another party could claim that the licensed software infringes a patent or other proprietary right. Litigation between
the licensor and a third-party or between us and a third-party could lead to royalty obligations for which we are not indemnified or for which indemnification is insufficient, or we may not be able to obtain any additional license on commercially
reasonable terms or at all. The loss of or our inability to obtain or maintain, any of these technology licenses could harm our business. 

We rely on the strength of our Verisign brand to differentiate ourselves in the marketing of our products. Dilution of the strength of our
brand could harm our business. 

19 

Table of Contents

We could become subject to claims of infringement of intellectual property of others, which could be
costly to defend and could harm our business. 

Claims relating to infringement of intellectual property of others or other similar claims have been made against us in the past and could
be made against us in the future. It is possible that we could become subject to additional claims for infringement of the intellectual property of third parties. The international launch of the new logo for the Company could present additional
potential risks for third party claims of infringement. Any claims, with or without merit, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation and diversion of technical and management personnel attention, cause delays in our business activities
generally, or require us to develop a non-infringing logo or technology or enter into royalty or licensing agreements. Royalty or licensing agreements, if required, may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. If a successful claim of
infringement was made against us, we could be required to pay damages or have portions of our business enjoined. If we could not identify and adopt an alternative non-infringing logo, develop non-infringing technology or license the infringed or
similar technology on a timely and cost-effective basis, our business could be harmed. 

In addition, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability, and scope of protection of intellectual property rights in Internet-related businesses are uncertain and still evolving. Because of
the growth of the Internet and Internet-related businesses, patent applications are continuously being filed in connection with Internet-related technology. There are a significant number of U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications in our
areas of interest, and we believe that there has been, and is likely to continue to be, significant litigation in the industry regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. 

We are involved in a number of claims, lawsuits and investigations against us that may result in adverse outcomes.

In addition to possible intellectual
property litigation and infringement claims, we are involved in a number of claims, lawsuits and investigations which we currently believe are immaterial but could prove material. Litigation is inherently unpredictable, and excessive verdicts do
occur. In addition, certain parties to litigation to which we are a party may be entitled to indemnification by us. Adverse outcomes in some or all of these claims, lawsuits and investigations may result in significant monetary damages, including
indemnification payments, or injunctive relief that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, these investigations, claims
and lawsuits may involve significant expense and diversion of management’s attention and resources from other matters. 

We must establish and maintain strategic, channel and other relationships. 

One of our significant business strategies has been to enter
into strategic or other similar collaborative relationships in order to reach a larger customer base than we could reach through our direct sales and marketing efforts, including in international markets. We may need to enter into additional
relationships to execute our business plan. We may not be able to enter into additional, or maintain our existing, strategic relationships on commercially reasonable terms. If we fail to enter into additional relationships, we would have to devote
substantially more resources to the distribution, sale and marketing of our services than we would otherwise. 

Our success in obtaining results from these relationships will depend both on the ultimate success of the other parties to these
relationships and on the ability of these parties to market our services successfully. 

Furthermore, any changes by our distributors to their existing marketing strategies could have a material adverse effect on our business. Similarly, if one or more of our distributors were to encounter
financial difficulties, or if there were a significant reduction in marketing expenditures by our distributors (including registrars), as a result of industry consolidation or otherwise, it could have a material adverse effect on our business,
including a decrease in domain name registrations and renewals. Failure of one or more of our strategic, channel or other relationships to result in the development and maintenance of a market for our services could harm our business. If we are
unable to maintain our existing relationships or to enter into additional relationships, this could harm our business. 

20 

Table of Contents

The success of our NIA Services depend in part on the acceptance of our services. 

We are investing in our NIA Services, and the future growth
of these services depends, in part, on the commercial success, acceptance, and reliability of our NIA Services. These services will suffer if our target customers do not adopt or use these services. We are not certain that our target customers will
choose our NIA Services or continue to use these services even after adoption. 

Many of our target markets are evolving, and if these markets fail to develop or if our products and services are not widely accepted in these markets, our business could be harmed. 

Our Registry Services and NIA Services businesses are
developing services in emerging markets, including services that involve naming and directory services other than registry and related infrastructure services. These emerging markets are rapidly evolving, may never gain wide acceptance and may not
grow. Even if these markets grow, our services may not be widely accepted. Accordingly, the demand for our services in these markets is very uncertain. The factors that may affect market acceptance of our services in these markets include the
following: 

•

 market acceptance of products and services based upon technologies other than those we use; 

•

 public perception of the security of our technologies and of IP and other networks; 

•

 the introduction and consumer acceptance of new generations of mobile devices; 

•

 the ability of the Internet infrastructure to accommodate increased levels of usage; and 

•

 government regulations affecting Internet access and availability, e-commerce and telecommunications over IP networks. 

If the market for e-commerce and communications over IP and
other networks does not grow or these services are not widely accepted in the market, our business could be materially harmed. 

We depend on key personnel to manage our business effectively and may not be successful in attracting and retaining such personnel. 

We depend on the performance of our senior management team
and other key employees. Our success also depends on our ability to attract, integrate, train, retain and motivate these individuals and additional highly skilled technical and sales and marketing personnel, both in the U.S. and abroad. 

All of the members of our senior management team and other
U.S. key employees are at-will employees and we do not maintain key person life insurance for any of our senior management team members or key employees. The loss of the services of any of our senior management team or other key employees, or
failure to attract, integrate, train, retain and motivate additional key employees could harm our business. 

We have anti-takeover protections that may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control that could benefit our stockholders. 

Our amended and restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws contain provisions that could make it more
difficult for a third party to acquire us without the consent of our Board of Directors (“Board”). These provisions include: 

•

 our stockholders may take action only at a duly called meeting and not by written consent; 

•

 special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the chief executive officer, the president or our Board, and cannot be called by our
stockholders; 

•

 our Board must be given advance notice regarding stockholder-sponsored proposals for consideration at annual meetings and for stockholder nominations
for the election of directors; 

21 

Table of Contents

•

 vacancies on our Board can be filled until the next annual meeting of stockholders by majority vote of the members of the Corporate Governance and
Nominating Committee, or a majority of directors then in office if no such committee exists, or a sole remaining director; and 

•

 our Board has the ability to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock without stockholder approval. 

Verisign has also adopted a stockholder rights plan that may
discourage, delay or prevent a change of control or the acquisition of a substantial block of our common stock and may make any future unsolicited acquisition attempt more difficult. Under the rights plan: 

•

 The rights will generally become exercisable if a person or group acquires 20% or more of Verisign’s outstanding common stock (unless such
transaction is approved by our Board) and thus becomes an “acquiring person.” 

•

 Each right, when exercisable, will entitle the holder, other than the “acquiring person,” to acquire shares of Verisign’s common stock
at a 50% discount to the then-prevailing market price. 

•

 As a result, the rights plan will cause substantial dilution to a person or group that becomes an “acquiring person” on terms that our Board
does not believe are in our best interests and those of our stockholders and may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a
premium for their shares. 

In
addition, Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder, generally a person which together with its affiliates owns
or within the last three years has owned 15% or more of our voting stock, for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless in the same transaction the interested stockholder
acquired 85% ownership of our voting stock (excluding certain shares) or the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Section 203 therefore may impact the ability of an acquirer to complete an acquisition of us after a
successful tender offer and accordingly could discourage, delay or prevent an acquirer from making an unsolicited offer without the approval of our Board. 

Changes in, or interpretations of, tax rules and regulations may adversely affect our effective tax rates. 

We are subject to income taxes in both the U.S. and numerous
foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, as well as in the execution of our divestitures, there are many transactions and calculations
where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are subject to audit by various tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially
different than that which is reflected in historical income tax provisions and accruals. Should additional taxes be assessed as a result of an audit or litigation, an adverse effect on our income tax provision and net income in the period or periods
for which that determination is made could result. 

Our
inability to indefinitely reinvest our foreign earnings could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

Deferred income taxes have not been provided on the undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries because these earnings have been
indefinitely reinvested and we do not plan to initiate any action that would precipitate the payment of income taxes thereon. We consider the following matters, among others, in evaluating our plans for indefinite reinvestment: the
forecasts, budgets and financial requirements of the parent and subsidiaries for both the long and short term; the tax consequences of a decision to reinvest; and any U.S. and foreign government programs designed to influence
remittances. If factors change and as a result we are unable to indefinitely reinvest the foreign earnings, the income tax expense and payments may differ significantly from the current period and could materially adversely affect our results of
operations. 

22 

Table of Contents

Risks relating to the competitive environment in which we operate 

The business environment is highly competitive and, if we do not compete
effectively, we may suffer price reductions, reduced gross margins and loss of market share. 

General:    New technologies and the expansion of existing technologies may increase competitive pressure. We cannot assure you that competing technologies developed by others
or the emergence of new industry standards will not adversely affect our competitive position or render our services or technologies noncompetitive or obsolete. In addition, our markets are characterized by announcements of collaborative
relationships involving our competitors. The existence or announcement of any such relationships could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers. As a result of the foregoing and other factors, we may not be able to compete
effectively with current or future competitors, and competitive pressures that we face could materially harm our business. 

Competition in Registry Services:    We face competition in the domain name registry space from other gTLD and
ccTLD registries that are competing for the business of entities and individuals that are seeking to establish a Web presence, including registries offering services related to the 
.info, .org, .mobi, .biz, .pro, .aero, .museum and 
.coop
gTLDs and registries offering services related to ccTLDs. ICANN currently has registry agreements with 15 registries for the operation of 17 gTLDs. In addition, there are over 240 Latin script ccTLD registries and 16 IDN ccTLD registries.
Furthermore, under our agreements with ICANN, we are subject to certain restrictions in the operation of 
.com, 
.net and 
.name on pricing, bundling and use of registrars that do not apply to ccTLDs and therefore may create a
competitive disadvantage. 

We also face
competition from service providers that offer outsourced domain name registration, resolution and other DNS services to organizations that require a reliable and scalable infrastructure. Among the competitors are Neustar Inc., Afilias Limited and
Nominet UK, Inc. In addition, to the extent end-users navigate using search engines as opposed to direct navigation, we may face competition from search engine operators such as Google Inc., Microsoft Corporation, and Yahoo! Inc. Furthermore, to the
extent end-users increase the use of web and phone applications to locate and access content, we may face competition from providers of such web and phone applications. 

Additional competition to our business may arise from the
introduction of new TLDs by ICANN. These include IDN TLDs and the upcoming introduction of new gTLDs by ICANN. On October 30, 2009, ICANN approved a fast track process for the awarding of new IDN ccTLDs and such new IDN ccTLDs have started to
be introduced into the root. Other new domain extensions (including ones for which we could apply) could become available by the end of 2012. We do not yet know the impact, if any, that these new domain extensions may have on our business.
Applicants for such new TLDs may have greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do. Furthermore, ICANN has proposed allowing the operators of new gTLDs to also own, be owned 100% by or otherwise affiliated with a registrar,
whereas Verisign is currently prohibited by its agreements with ICANN and the Department of Commerce from owning more than 15% of a registrar. As a result, operators of new gTLDs may be able to obtain competitive advantages through such vertical
integration. While we may apply for one or more of these new domain extensions, there is no certainty that we will ultimately be successful, and even if we are successful in obtaining one or more of these new domain extensions, there is no guarantee
that such extensions will be any more successful than the domain name extensions obtained by our competitors. 

Competition in Network Intelligence and Availability Services:    Several of our current and potential
competitors have longer operating histories and/or significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do and therefore may be able to respond more quickly than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies,
standards and customer requirements. Many of these competitors also have broader and more established distribution channels that may be used to deliver competing products or services directly to customers through bundling or other means. If such
competitors were to bundle competing products or services for their customers, we may experience difficulty establishing or increasing demand for our products and services or distributing our products successfully. 

23 

Table of Contents

We face competition in the network intelligence and availability services industry from
companies such as iSight Partners, Security Services X-Force Threat Analysis Service, Secunia ApS, SecureWorks, Inc., McAfee, Inc., Prolexic Technologies, Inc., AT&T Inc., Verizon Communications, Inc., Dyn, Inc.’s Dynect Platform, NeuStar
Ultra Services, OpenDNS, BlueCat Networks, Inc., Infoblox Inc., Nominum, Inc. and Afilias Limited. 

Our inability to react to changes in our industry and successfully introduce new products and services could harm our business. 

The Internet and communications network services industries
are characterized by rapid technological change and frequent new product and service announcements which require us continually to improve the performance, features and reliability of our services, particularly in response to competitive offerings.
In order to remain competitive and retain our market share, we must continually improve our access technology and software, support the latest transmission technologies, and adapt our products and services to changing market conditions and customer
preferences, or launch entirely new products and services in anticipation of market trends. We cannot assure you that we will be able to adapt to these challenges or respond successfully or in a cost effective way to adequately meet them. Our
failure to do so would adversely affect our ability to compete and retain customers or market share. 

Risks related to the sale of our Authentication Services business and the completion of our divestiture plan 

Our suite of products and services is less diverse following the sale of
our Authentication Services business. 

We may
not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits we expected from the sale of our Authentication Services business. Following the sale of the Authentication Services business, our Registry Services business, which derives most of its
revenues from registration fees for domain names, generates substantially all of our revenue. If there is a disruption in the Registry Services business, including any disruption from changes in the domain name industry, changes in or challenges to
our agreements with ICANN, including any changes resulting from legal challenges to these agreements, from the Coalition for ICANN Transparency, Inc. (“CFIT”) or otherwise, changes in customer preferences, a downturn in the economy or
changes in technology related to the use of domain names, there may be a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, a failure of either or both of the .com or 
.net Registry Agreements to renew on
the same or similar terms when they expire in 2011 (
.net) and 2012 (
.com) could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We face risks related to the terms of the sale of the Authentication Services business. 

Under the agreement reached with Symantec for the sale of our Authentication Services business (the
“Symantec Agreement”), we agreed to several terms that may pose risks to us, including the potential for confusion by the public with respect to Symantec’s right to use certain of our trademarks, brand and website, as well as the risk
that current or potential investors in the Company or customers may incorrectly attribute to Verisign problems with Symantec products or services that are currently operated under the Verisign brand pursuant to licensing agreements with Symantec.
This may have a negative impact on our reputation, our brand and the market for our products and services. We are at risk that we will be unable to register, build equity in, or enforce the new logo for the Company. In addition, we may determine
that certain assets transferred to Symantec could have been useful in our Naming Services businesses or in other future endeavors, requiring us to forego future opportunities or design or purchase alternatives which could be costly and less
effective than the transferred assets. 

Under the
terms of the Symantec Agreement, we have licensed rights to certain of our websites and domain name registrations to Symantec. We are at risk that our customers will go to the licensed websites and be unable to locate our NIA Services. In addition,
we will continue to maintain the registration rights for the domain names licensed to Symantec for which Symantec has sole control over the content, and we may be subject to claims of infringement if Symantec posts content that is alleged to
infringe the rights of a third party. We may also face expenditures to procure registration rights to other domain names for our Naming Services, many of which may be owned by third parties. 

24 

Table of Contents

We are at risk of increased levels of employee attrition following the sale of our Authentication
Services business. 

Although we believe that
we have retained sufficient senior management and other employees to perform various functions at the Company, we are at risk of experiencing increased levels of employee attrition from employees scheduled to be transitioned out of the Company now
that the sale of the Authentication Services business has closed, and we may encounter difficulty recruiting and hiring competent personnel to replace any key personnel who voluntarily terminate their employment with us. If we are unable to
replace employees quickly, we may be forced to hire temporary labor for assistance in the short term at higher rates than the salaried employees. In addition, it may take new personnel a significant period of time to understand and become familiar
with Company processes. The failure to replace our departing personnel, if any, in a timely manner could result in our inability to perform various important functions, including completing our SEC filings, and could impair our ability to execute
our business strategy, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We are transitioning key corporate functions from our California office to our Virginia office. 

We may encounter difficulties and face risks as we transition key corporate functions from our Mountain View, California office to our
Dulles, Virginia office, including our ability to timely complete our financial reporting, the impact on key corporate support functions, and our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. In addition, the large number of personnel
displacements could impair employee morale and create a distraction for employees, which could harm our business. 

We continue to be responsible for certain liabilities and transition services following the divestiture of certain businesses. 

Under the agreements reached with the buyers of certain
divested businesses, including the Authentication Services business, we remain liable for certain liabilities related to the divested businesses. In addition, we have entered into, and may in the future amend or extend, transition services
agreements with buyers in connection with the divestiture of certain businesses, including the Authentication Services business. These transition services may be required for a longer period of time than anticipated by management. In addition, we
have agreed to perform certain transition services for a fixed price or for fixed hourly rates, but our actual costs to provide such services may exceed the fees buyers are contractually obligated to pay us under the relevant transition services
agreements. The scope and magnitude of the transition services we have agreed to provide in connection with the sale of the Authentication Services business are greater than those provided under our divestiture plan, and we may face challenges
performing such transition services, including that the focus of employees and resources supporting the transition services may impact their ability to support our existing businesses. 

There is a possibility that we will incur unanticipated costs and expenses associated with management of
liabilities relating to the businesses we have divested, including requests for indemnification by the buyers of the divested businesses. These liabilities could potentially relate to (i) breaches of contractual representations and warranties
we gave to the buyers of the divested businesses, or (ii) certain liabilities relating to the divested businesses which we retained under the agreements reached with the buyers of the divested businesses. Such liabilities could include certain
litigation matters, including actions brought by third parties. Where responsibility for such liabilities is to be contractually allocated to the buyer or shared with the buyer or another party, it is possible that the buyer or the other party may
be in default for payments for which they are responsible, obligating us to pay amounts in excess of our agreed-upon share of those obligations. 

Following the divestiture of certain businesses, our ability to compete in certain market sectors is restricted. 

Under the agreements reached with buyers for certain
businesses we divested, including the Authentication Services business, we are restricted from competing, either directly or indirectly, with those businesses or from entering certain market sectors for a defined period of time pursuant to
negotiated non-compete arrangements. 

25 

Table of Contents

Risks related to our securities 

We have a considerable number of common shares subject to future issuance. 

As of December 31, 2010, we had one billion authorized
common shares, of which 172.7 million shares were outstanding. In addition, of our authorized common shares, 23.5 million common shares were reserved for issuance pursuant to outstanding employee stock option and employee stock purchase
plans (“Equity Plans”), and 36.4 million shares were reserved for issuance upon conversion of the 3.25% junior subordinated convertible debentures due 2037 (the “Convertible Debentures”). As a result, we keep substantial
amounts of our common stock available for issuance upon exercise or settlement of equity awards outstanding under our Equity Plans and/or the conversion of Convertible Debentures into our common stock. Issuance of all or a large portion of such
shares would be dilutive to existing security holders, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities. 

We may not have the ability to repurchase the Convertible Debentures in
cash upon the occurrence of a fundamental change, or to pay cash upon the conversion of Convertible Debentures, as required by the indenture governing the Convertible Debentures. 

As a result of the sale of the Convertible Debentures, we have a substantial amount of long term debt
outstanding. Holders of our outstanding Convertible Debentures will have the right to require us to repurchase the Convertible Debentures upon the occurrence of a fundamental change as defined in the Indenture dated as of August 20, 2007 (the
“Indenture”) between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. Although we currently intend to settle the principal amount of the Convertible Debentures in cash as required under the Indenture, we may not have sufficient
funds to repurchase the Convertible Debentures in cash or have the ability to arrange necessary financing on acceptable terms or at all. In addition, upon conversion of the Convertible Debentures, we will be required to make cash payments to the
holders of the Convertible Debentures equal to the lesser of the principal amount of the Convertible Debentures being converted and the conversion value (as defined in the Indenture) of those debentures. Such payments could be significant, and we
may not have sufficient funds to make them at such time. Our maintenance of substantial levels of debt could also adversely affect our ability to take advantage of corporate opportunities. 

A fundamental change may also constitute an event of default or prepayment under, or result in the acceleration
of the maturity of, our then-existing indebtedness. Our ability to repurchase the Convertible Debentures in cash or make any other required payments may be limited by law or the terms of other agreements relating to our indebtedness outstanding at
the time. Our failure to repurchase the Convertible Debentures or pay cash in respect of conversions when required would result in an event of default with respect to the Convertible Debentures. 

While we currently have the intent and ability to settle the
principal in cash, if we conclude that we no longer have the ability, in the future, we will be required to change our accounting policy for earnings per share from the treasury stock method to the if-converted method. 

There may be potential new accounting pronouncements or regulatory rulings
which may have an impact on our future financial position and results of operations. 

New accounting pronouncements could, when adopted, require us to implement different accounting methods which could have a material adverse impact on future or past results of operations, which could in
turn materially adversely affect the trading price of our common stock.