In addition to other information in this Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating us and our business because
these factors currently have a significant impact or may have a significant impact on our business, operating results or financial condition. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements contained in
this Form 10-K as a result of the risk factors discussed below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

Risks relating to our business 

Our operating results may fluctuate and our future revenues and profitability are uncertain. 

Our operating results have varied in the past and may fluctuate significantly in the future as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside
our control. These factors include the following: 

•

 the uncertainties, costs and risks related to our proposed divestiture plan, including any income statement charges we incur in connection therewith and any further
delays we may encounter; 

•

 the current global economic conditions as well as its impact on e-commerce, financial services, and the telecommunications and Internet industries;

•

 the long sales and implementation cycles for, and potentially large order sizes of, some of our security services and the timing and execution of individual
customer contracts; 

•

 volume of new domain name registrations and customer renewals in our Naming Services business; 

•

 changes in the payment structures of on-line advertising network providers and compensation levels, as well as policies proposed and implemented by ICANN, which
could impact the number of domain name registrations; 

•

 the mix of all our services sold during a period; 

•

 our success in marketing and market acceptance of our services by our existing customers and by new customers; 

•

 changes in marketing expenses related to promoting and distributing our services; 

•

 customer renewal rates and turnover of customers of our services; 

•

 potential attacks by hackers, which could threaten the perceived reliability of our products and services; 

•

 continued development of our direct and indirect distribution channels for our products and services, both in the U.S. and abroad; 

•

 changes in the level of spending for information technology-related products and services by enterprise customers; 

•

 the impact of price changes in our products and services or our competitors’ products and services; and 

•

 the impact of decisions by channel partners and resellers to offer competing products or modify their marketing practices. 

Our operating expenses may increase. If an increase in our expenses is not
accompanied by a corresponding increase in our revenues, our operating results will suffer, particularly as revenues from some of our services are recognized ratably over the term of the service, rather than immediately when the customer pays for
them, unlike our sales and marketing expenditures, which are expensed in full when incurred. 

Due to all of the above factors, our revenues and operating results are difficult to forecast. Therefore, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our operating results will not necessarily be meaningful, and
you should not rely upon them as an indication of future performance. Also, operating results may fall below our expectations and the expectations of securities analysts or investors in one or more future periods. If this were to occur, the market
price of our common stock would likely decline. 

17 

Table of Contents

Our operating results have been adversely affected by the current economic downturn, unfavorable market and economic
conditions. 

The current global economic downturn may have
a significant negative impact on demand for our services and our ability to conduct our business. As the economic downturn continues to deepen and spread overseas, these conditions have also negatively impacted our foreign operations. The economic
downturn has or may negatively impact, among other things: 

•

 current and future demand for our services, including decreases as a result of reduced spending on information technology and communications by our customers;

•

 our liquidity; 

•

 our ability to service our debt, to obtain financing or assume new debt obligations; 

•

 our ability to execute on any stock repurchase plans; 

•

 the price of our common stock; 

•

 the ability of our suppliers to continue to fill our orders; 

•

 our customers’ continued growth and development of their businesses; 

•

 our ability to obtain payment for outstanding debts owed to us by our customers or other parties with whom we do business; and 

•

 price competition for our products and services. 

In addition, to the extent that the economic downturn impacts specific industry sectors in which many of our customers are concentrated, that may further
negatively impact our business. If the economic and market conditions in the U.S. and globally do not improve, or if they further deteriorate, we may experience material adverse impacts on our business, operating results and financial position as a
consequence of the above factors or otherwise. 

Our diversified business
structure may result in significant fluctuations of our financial results. 

The successful operation of our business depends on numerous factors, many of which are not entirely under our control, including, but not limited to, the following: 

•

 the use of the Internet and other IP networks for e-commerce and communications; 

•

 the extent to which digital certificates and domain names are used for e-commerce or communications; 

•

 growth in demand for our services; 

•

 the competition for any of our services; 

•

 the perceived security of e-commerce and communications over the Internet and other IP networks; 

•

 the perceived security of our services, technology, infrastructure and practices; 

•

 the loss of customers through industry consolidation or customer decisions to deploy in-house or competitor technology and services; 

•

 our continued ability to maintain our current, and enter into additional, strategic relationships; 

•

 our ability to successfully market our services to new and existing customers; 

•

 our success in attracting, integrating, training, retaining and motivating qualified personnel; 

•

 our response to competitive developments; 

•

 the successful introduction of new products and services; 

18 

Table of Contents

•

 seasonal reductions in business activity; and 

•

 the successful introduction of enhancements to our services to address new technologies and standards and changing market conditions. 

Our international operations subject our business to additional economic risks that
could have an adverse impact on our revenues and business. 

As of December 31, 2008, we had 959 employees outside the U.S. Expansion into international markets has required and will continue to require significant management attention and resources. We may also need to tailor some of our
services for a particular market and to enter into international distribution and operating relationships. We have limited experience in localizing our services and in developing international distribution or operating relationships. We may not
succeed in expanding our services into international markets. Failure to do so could harm our business. Moreover, local laws and customs in many countries differ significantly from those in the U.S. In many foreign countries, particularly in those
with developing economies, it is common for others to engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures or U.S. regulations applicable to us. There can be no assurance that all of our employees, contractors and
agents will not take actions in violation of them. Violations of laws or key control policies by our employees, contractors or agents could result in financial reporting problems, fines, penalties, or prohibition on the importation or exportation of
our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, we face risks inherent in doing business on an international basis, including, among others: 

•

 competition with foreign companies or other domestic companies entering the foreign markets in which we operate; 

•

 differing and uncertain regulatory requirements; 

•

 legal uncertainty regarding liability, enforcing our contracts and compliance with foreign laws; 

•

 export and import restrictions on cryptographic technology and products incorporating that technology; 

•

 tariffs and other trade barriers and restrictions; 

•

 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 

•

 longer sales and payment cycles; 

•

 problems in collecting accounts receivable; 

•

 currency fluctuations, as our international revenues are not always denominated in U.S. dollars; 

•

 difficulty in repatriating profits to the U.S.; 

•

 potential problems associated with adapting our services to technical conditions existing in different countries; 

•

 the necessity of developing foreign language portals and products for our services; 

•

 difficulty of authenticating customer information for digital certificates and other purposes; 

•

 political instability; 

•

 failure of foreign laws to protect our U.S. proprietary rights adequately; 

•

 more stringent privacy policies in some foreign countries; 

•

 additional vulnerability from terrorist groups targeting U.S. interests abroad; 

•

 seasonal reductions in business activity; and 

•

 potentially adverse tax consequences. 

19 

Table of Contents

We are exposed to risks faced by financial institutions. 

We have entered into hedging transactions with counterparties in the
financial services industry which have been adversely impacted by the current economic condition. Defaults by, and even rumors or questions about the solvency of, certain financial institutions and the financial services industry generally have led
to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by other institutions. The hedging transactions we have entered into expose us to credit risk in the event of default by one of our counterparties. Despite the risk control
measures we have in place, a default by one of our counterparties, or liquidity problems in the financial services industry in general, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Governmental regulation and the application of existing laws may slow business growth,
increase our costs of doing business and create potential liability. 

Application of new and existing laws and regulations to the Internet and wireless communications industry can be unclear. The costs of complying or failing to comply with these laws and regulations could limit our
ability to operate in our markets, expose us to compliance costs and substantial liability and result in costly and time-consuming litigation. 

Foreign, federal or state laws could have an adverse impact on our business. For example, laws designed to restrict the on-line distribution of certain
materials deemed harmful to children, on-line gambling and cyber squatting may impose significant additional costs on our business or subject us to additional liabilities. 

Due to the nature of the Internet, it is possible that the governments of other states and foreign countries might attempt to regulate
Internet transmissions or prosecute us for violations of their laws. We might unintentionally violate such laws, such laws may be modified and new laws may be enacted in the future. Any such developments could increase the costs of regulatory
compliance for us, force us to change our business practices or otherwise materially harm our business. 

While we believe we currently have effective internal control over financial reporting, we may identify a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting that could cause investors to lose
confidence in the reliability of our financial statements and result in a decrease in the value of our securities. 

We will continue to evaluate, upgrade and enhance our internal controls. Because of inherent limitations, our internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements, errors or omissions, and any projections of any evaluation of effectiveness of internal controls to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or that the degree of compliance with our policies or procedures may deteriorate. We cannot be certain in future periods that other control deficiencies that may constitute one or more significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting will not be identified. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to implement or difficulty in implementing required new or improved controls, our business and results of
operations could be harmed, the results of operations we report could be subject to adjustments, we could fail to be able to provide reasonable assurance as to our financial results or the effectiveness of our internal controls or meet our reporting
obligations and there could be a material adverse effect on our business. 

We have expended significant resources in connection with our efforts to comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In future periods, we will likely continue to expend substantial amounts in connection
with these compliance efforts and with ongoing evaluation of, and improvements and enhancements to, our internal control over financial reporting. These expenditures may make it difficult for us to control or reduce the growth of our general and
administrative and other expenses, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

20 

Table of Contents

Issues arising from our agreements with
ICANN and the DOC could harm our registry business. 

The
DOC has adopted a plan for the phased transition of its responsibilities for the domain name system to ICANN. As part of this transition, we have entered into agreements with ICANN and the DOC as the exclusive registry of domain names within the
.com and .
net generic top-level domains (“gTLDs”) and with ICANN with respect to being the exclusive registry for the .
name gTLD. 

We face risks arising from our agreements with ICANN and the DOC and from the planned transition of the DOC’s responsibilities for the domain name
system to ICANN, including the following: 

•

 ICANN could adopt or promote policies, procedures or programs that are unfavorable to us as the registry operator of the .com,
.net and .
name
gTLDs, that are inconsistent with our current or future plans, or that affect our competitive position; 

•

 under certain circumstances, ICANN could terminate one or more of our agreements to be the registry for the .com,
.net or .
name gTLDs and the
DOC could terminate the 
.com Registry Agreement, in which case terminations of the 
.com or 
.net Registry Agreements could have a material adverse impact on our business; 

•

 one or more of the Registry Agreements may not renew when they expire in 2011 (.net) and 2012 (.
com and .
name), in which case it could have a
material adverse effect on our business; 

•

 the DOC’s or ICANN’s interpretation of provisions of our agreements with either of them could differ from ours; 

•

 the DOC could revoke its recognition of ICANN, as a result of which the DOC could take the place of ICANN for purposes of our agreements with ICANN, and could take
actions that are harmful to us and could disrupt current or future business plans; 

•

 the DOC could not renew its agreement with ICANN, in which case there would no longer be DOC oversight; 

•

 ICANN’s relationship with the DOC could terminate and another entity could exercise oversight of ICANN; 

•

 the U.S. Government could refuse to transfer certain responsibilities for domain name system administration to ICANN due to security, stability or other reasons,
resulting in fragmentation or other instability in domain name system administration; and 

•

 our registry business could face legal or other challenges resulting from our activities or the activities of registrars and registrants.

Challenges to ongoing privatization of Internet
administration could harm our Naming Services business. 

Risks we face from challenges by third parties, including governmental authorities in the U.S. and other countries, to our role in the ongoing privatization of the Internet include: 

•

 legal, regulatory or other challenges could be brought, including challenges to the agreements governing our relationship with the DOC or ICANN, or to the legal
authority underlying the roles and actions of the DOC, ICANN or us; 

•

 the U.S. Congress could take action that is unfavorable to us; 

•

 ICANN could fail to maintain its role, potentially resulting in instability in domain name system administration; and 

•

 some governments and governmental authorities outside the U.S. have in the past disagreed, and may in the future disagree, with the actions, policies or programs of
ICANN, the U.S. Government and us relating to the domain name system. These foreign governments or governmental authorities may take actions or adopt policies or programs that are harmful to our business. 

21 

Table of Contents

As a result of these and other risks, it may be difficult for us to introduce new services in our domain
name registry business and we could also be subject to additional restrictions on how this business is conducted. 

We may encounter difficulties renewing irrevocable letters of credit provided by customers of our Naming Services business as security for payment of registration fees
if we are forced to draw down on such letters of credit to collect payment. 

With respect to our Naming Services business, some registrars who register domain names on behalf of their customers utilize irrevocable letters of credit to secure payment for the registration of domain names. In the
event that we are unable to obtain payment for the registration of these domain names, we may draw down on the letter of credit. In some cases, withdrawals may be made until we utilize the full amount of the letter of credit, at which point the
registrar’s ability to process new billable transactions and their agreement may be terminated. If registrars are unwilling or unable to provide new letters of credit once we have drawn down the full amount, we may need to reevaluate our
approach for security for payment of registration fees. 

We rely on third
parties who maintain and control root zone servers and route Internet communications. 

We currently administer and operate only two of the thirteen root zone servers. The others are administered and operated by independent operators on a non-regulated basis. Root zone servers are name servers that
contain authoritative data for the very top of the DNS hierarchy. These servers have the software and data needed to locate name servers that contain authoritative data for the top-level domains. Because of the importance to the functioning of
the Internet of these root zone servers, our Naming Services business could be harmed if these independent operators fail to maintain these servers properly or abandon these servers, which would place additional capacity demands on the two root zone
servers we operate. 

Further, our Naming Services business
could be harmed if any of these volunteer operators fails to include or provide accessibility to the data that it maintains in the root zone servers that it controls. In the event and to the extent that ICANN is authorized to set policy with regard
to an authoritative root zone server system, as provided in our registry agreement with ICANN, it is required to ensure that the authoritative root will point to the top-level domain zone servers designated by us. If ICANN does not do this, our
business could be harmed. 

Changes in customer behavior, either as a result
of evolving technologies or user practices, may impact the demand for domain names. 

Currently, Internet users navigate to a website either by directly typing in its domain name or through the use of a search engine. If browser or search technologies were to change significantly or if user behavior
were to shift away from direct navigation, the demand for domain names could decrease. 

Changes in the level of spending on on-line advertising and/or the way that on-line and pay per click advertisers compensate owners of websites could impact the demand for domain names. 

Some domain name registrars and registrants seek to generate revenue through
advertising on their websites; changes in the way these registrars and registrants are compensated (including changes in methodologies and metrics) by advertisers and advertisement placement networks, such as Google and Yahoo!, could adversely
affect the market for those domain names favored by such registrars and registrants resulting in a decrease in demand and/or the renewal rate for those domain names. As a result of the general economic downturn, spending on on-line advertising and
marketing may not increase or may be reduced which in turn may result in a decline in the demand for those domain names. 

22 

Table of Contents

Services offered by our 3IS segment rely
on the continued integrity of public key cryptography technology that may be compromised or proven obsolete over time. 

Services offered by our 3IS segment depend on public key cryptography technology. With public key cryptography technology, a user is given a public key
and a private key, both of which are required to perform encryption and decryption operations. The security afforded by this technology depends on the integrity of a user’s private key and ensuring that it is not lost, stolen or otherwise
compromised. The integrity of private keys also depends in part on the application of specific mathematical principles known as “factoring.” This integrity is predicated on the assumption that the factoring of large numbers into their
prime number components is difficult. Should an easy factoring method or other method be developed, the security of encryption products utilizing public key cryptography technology may require significant modifications or would be reduced or
eliminated. Furthermore, any significant advance in techniques for attacking cryptographic systems could also render some or all of our existing PKI services obsolete or unmarketable. If improved techniques for attacking cryptographic systems were
ever developed, we would likely have to reissue digital certificates to some or all of our customers, which could damage our reputation and brand or otherwise harm our business. In the past there have been public announcements of the successful
attack upon cryptographic keys of certain kinds and lengths and of the potential misappropriation of private keys and other activation data. This type of publicity could also hurt the public perception as to the safety of the public key cryptography
technology included in our digital certificates. This negative public perception could harm our business. 

Undetected or unknown defects in our services could harm our business and future operating results. 

Services as complex as those we offer or develop frequently contain undetected defects or errors. Despite testing, defects or errors may occur in our
existing or new services, which could result in loss of or delay in revenues, loss of market share, failure to achieve market acceptance, diversion of development resources, injury to our reputation, tort or warranty claims, increased insurance
costs or increased service and warranty costs, any of which could harm our business. The performance of our services could have unforeseen or unknown adverse effects on the networks over which they are delivered as well as on third-party
applications and services that utilize our services, which could result in legal claims against us, harming our business. Furthermore, we often provide implementation, customization, consulting and other technical services in connection with the
implementation and ongoing maintenance of our services, which typically involves working with sophisticated software, computing and communications systems. Our failure or inability to meet customer expectations in a timely manner could also result
in loss of or delay in revenues, loss of market share, failure to achieve market acceptance, injury to our reputation and increased costs. 

If we encounter system interruptions, we could be exposed to liability and our reputation and business could suffer. 

We depend on the uninterrupted operation of our various systems, secure data
centers and other computer and communication networks. Our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from: 

•

 power loss, transmission cable cuts and other telecommunications failures; 

•

 damage or interruption caused by fire, earthquake, and other natural disasters; 

•

 attack by hackers; 

•

 computer viruses or software defects; and 

•

 physical or electronic break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism, terrorist attacks and other events beyond our control. 

Most of our systems are located at, and most of our customer information is
stored in, our facilities in Mountain View, California and Kawasaki, Japan (both of which are susceptible to earthquakes); Providence, Rhode Island; Dulles, Virginia; Lacey, Washington; Overland Park, Kansas; Melbourne, Australia; London,

23 

Table of Contents

England; Berlin, Germany; and Fribourg, Switzerland. Any damage or failure that causes interruptions in any of these facilities or our other computer and
communications systems could materially harm our business. Although we carry insurance for property damage and business interruption, we do not carry insurance or financial reserves for interruptions or potential losses arising from earthquakes or
terrorism. 

In addition, our ability to issue SSL certificates,
our domain name registry services and other of our services depend on the efficient operation of the Internet connections from customers to our secure data centers and from our customers to the shared registration system. These connections depend
upon the efficient operation of Internet service providers and Internet backbone service providers, all of which have had periodic operational problems or experienced outages in the past. 

A failure in the operation of our domain name zone servers, the domain name root zone servers, or other events could result
in the deletion of one or more domain names from the Internet for a period of time. A failure in the operation of our shared registration system could result in the inability of one or more other registrars to register and maintain domain names for
a period of time. A failure in the operation or update of the master database that we maintain could result in the deletion of one or more top-level domains from the Internet and the discontinuation of second-level domain names in those top-level
domains for a period of time. Any of these problems or outages could decrease customer satisfaction, harming our business or resulting in adverse publicity that could adversely affect the market’s perception of the security of e-commerce and
communications over IP networks as well as of the security or reliability of our services. 

If we experience security breaches, we could be exposed to liability and our reputation and business could suffer. 

We retain certain confidential customer information in our secure data centers and various registration systems. It is critical to our business strategy
that our facilities and infrastructure remain secure and are perceived by the marketplace to be secure. Our domain name registry operations also depend on our ability to maintain our computer and telecommunications equipment in effective working
order and to reasonably protect our systems against interruption, and potentially depend on protection by other registrars in the shared registration system. The root zone servers and top-level domain name zone servers that we operate are critical
hardware to our registry services operations. Therefore, we may have to expend significant time and money to maintain or increase the security of our facilities and infrastructure. Despite our security measures, our infrastructure may be vulnerable
to physical break-ins, computer viruses, attacks by hackers or similar disruptive problems. It is possible that we may have to expend additional financial and other resources to address such problems. Any physical or electronic break-in or other
security breach or compromise of the information stored at our secure data centers and domain name registration systems may jeopardize the security of information stored on our premises or in the computer systems and networks of our customers. In
such an event, we could face significant liability, customers could be reluctant to use our services and we could be at risk for loss of various security and standards based compliance certifications needed for certain of our businesses. Such an
occurrence could also result in adverse publicity and therefore adversely affect the market’s perception of the security of e-commerce and communications over IP networks as well as of the security or reliability of our services. 

The reliance of our Communications Services and Content Services on third-party
communications infrastructure, hardware and software exposes us to a variety of risks we cannot control. 

The success of our Communications Services and Content Services depends on our network infrastructure, including the capacity leased from
telecommunications suppliers. In particular, we rely on AT&T, Sprint Nextel Corporation and other telecommunications providers for leased long-haul and local loop transmission capacity. These companies provide the dedicated links that connect
our network components to each other and to our customers. Our business also depends upon the capacity, reliability and security of the infrastructure owned by third parties that is used to connect telephone calls. Specifically, we currently lease
capacity from regional providers on four of the thirteen mated pairs of SS7 signal transfer points that comprise our network. SS7 is a 

24 

Table of Contents

network control system comprised of protocols for the interpretation and use of network control and operation signals and the associated hardware and
software needed for transmission, reception and interpretation of the signals. 

We have no control over the operation, quality or maintenance of a significant portion of that infrastructure or whether or not those third parties will upgrade or improve their equipment. We depend on these companies
to maintain the operational integrity of our connections. If one or more of these companies is unable or unwilling to supply or expand its levels of service to us in the future, our operations could be severely interrupted. In addition, rapid
changes in the telecommunications industry have led to the merging of many companies. These mergers may cause the availability, pricing and quality of the services we use to vary and could cause the length of time it takes to deliver the services
that we use to increase significantly. 

Our SS7 Connectivity
and Signaling Services rely on links, equipment and software provided to us from our vendors, the most important of which are gateway equipment and software from Tekelec and Agilent Technologies, Inc. We cannot assure you that we will be able to
continue to purchase equipment from these vendors on acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable to maintain current purchasing terms or ensure product availability with these vendors, we may lose customers and experience an increase in costs in
seeking alternative suppliers of products and services. 

We rely on our
intellectual property, and any failure by us to protect, or any misappropriation of, our intellectual property could harm our business. 

Our success depends in part on our internally developed technologies and intellectual property. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for a third
party to copy or otherwise obtain and use our trade secrets or other forms of our intellectual property without authorization. Furthermore, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our proprietary rights in those countries to the same extent
U.S. law protects these rights in the U.S. In addition, it is possible that others may independently develop substantially equivalent intellectual property. If we do not effectively protect our intellectual property, our business could suffer.
Additionally, we have filed patent applications with respect to certain of our technology in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and patent offices outside the U.S. Patents may not be awarded with respect to these applications and even if such
patents are awarded, such patents may not provide us with sufficient protection of our intellectual property. In the future, we may have to resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to
determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. This type of litigation, regardless of its outcome, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management attention and technical resources. 

We also license third-party technology that is used in our products and
services to perform key functions. These third-party technology licenses may not continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our business would suffer if we lost the rights to use certain of these technologies.
Additionally, another party could claim that the licensed software infringes a patent or other proprietary right. Litigation between the licensor and a third-party or between us and a third-party could lead to royalty obligations for which we are
not indemnified or for which indemnification is insufficient, or we may not be able to obtain any additional license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. The loss of or our inability to obtain or maintain, any of these technology licenses
could harm our business. 

We rely on the strength of our
VeriSign brand to differentiate ourselves in the marketing of our products, particularly with respect to our SSL certificates. Dilution of our brand could harm our business. 

We could become subject to claims of infringement of intellectual property of others, which could be costly to defend and which could
harm our business. 

Claims relating to infringement of
intellectual property of others or other similar claims have been made against us in the past and could be made against us in the future. In addition, we provide links to news content as 

25 

Table of Contents

part of our RTP Services. It is possible that we could become subject to additional claims for infringement of the intellectual property of third parties.
Any claims, with or without merit, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation and diversion of technical and management personnel attention, cause delays or require us to develop non-infringing technology or enter into royalty or licensing
agreements. Royalty or licensing agreements, if required, may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. If a successful claim of infringement were made against us, we could be required to pay damages or have portions of our business enjoined.
If we could not develop non-infringing technology or license the infringed or similar technology on a timely and cost-effective basis, our business could be harmed. 

In addition, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability, and scope of protection of intellectual property
rights in Internet-related businesses are uncertain and still evolving. Because of the growth of the Internet and Internet-related businesses, patent applications are continuously being filed in connection with Internet-related technology. There is
a significant number of U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications in our areas of interest, and we believe that there has been, and is likely to continue to be, significant litigation in the industry regarding patent and other intellectual
property rights. 

We must establish and maintain strategic, channel and
other relationships. 

One of our significant business
strategies has been to enter into strategic or other similar collaborative relationships in order to reach a larger customer base than we could reach through our direct sales and marketing efforts. We may need to enter into additional relationships
to execute our business plan. We may not be able to enter into additional, or maintain our existing, strategic relationships on commercially reasonable terms, and, in addition, our ability to enter into or maintain strategic relationships may be
impacted by our divestiture plan. If we fail to enter into additional relationships, we would have to devote substantially more resources to the distribution, sale and marketing of our information and security services than we would otherwise.

Our success in obtaining results from these relationships will
depend both on the ultimate success of the other parties to these relationships and on the ability of these parties to market our services successfully. 

Furthermore, our ability to achieve future growth also depends on our ability to continue to establish direct seller channels and to develop multiple
distribution channels. In addition, any changes by our channel partners to their existing marketing strategies could have a material adverse effect on our business. Failure of one or more of our strategic or channel relationships to result in the
development and maintenance of a market for our services could harm our business. If we are unable to maintain our relationships or to enter into additional relationships, this could harm our business. 

Failure of VeriSign Affiliates to follow our security and trust practices or to maintain
the privacy or security of confidential customer information could have an adverse impact on our revenues and business. 

We have licensed to VeriSign Affiliates our Processing Center platform, which is designed to replicate our own secure data centers and allows the VeriSign
Affiliate to offer back-end processing of PKI services for enterprises in the regions in which the Affiliate operates. The VeriSign Processing Center platform provides a VeriSign Affiliate with the knowledge and technology to offer PKI services
similar to those offered by us. It is critical to our business strategy that the facilities and infrastructure used in issuing and marketing digital certificates remain secure and we are perceived by the marketplace to be secure. Although we provide
the VeriSign Affiliate with training in security and trust practices, network management and customer service and support, these practices are performed by the VeriSign Affiliate and are outside of our control. Any failure of a VeriSign Affiliate to
maintain the privacy or security of confidential customer information could result in negative publicity and therefore adversely affect the market’s perception of the security of our services as well as the security of e-commerce and
communication over IP networks generally. 

26 

Table of Contents

Our VeriSign Identity Protection service
depends in part on the acceptance of our services. 

The
future growth of our VIP services, which form a part of our IAS business, depends in part on the commercial success and acceptance, and reliability of our VIP services. Our VIP services will suffer if our target customers do not use our VIP
services. Our future financial performance will also depend on the successful development, introduction and customer acceptance of new and enhanced VIP services. We are not certain that our target customers will choose our VIP services or continue
to use our VIP services once adopted. 

Many of our target markets are
evolving, and if these markets fail to develop or if our products and services are not widely accepted in these markets, our business could suffer. 

We target our 3IS segment at the market for trusted and secure e-commerce and communications over IP and other networks. Our Naming Services business is
developing managed services in emerging markets that involve naming and directory services other than registry and related infrastructure services. These emerging markets are rapidly evolving, may never gain wide acceptance and may not grow. Even if
these markets grow, our services may not be widely accepted. Accordingly, the demand for our services in these markets is very uncertain. The factors that may affect market acceptance of our services in these markets include the following:

•

 market acceptance of products and services based upon technologies other than those we use; 

•

 public perception of the security of our technologies and of IP and other networks; 

•

 the introduction and consumer acceptance of new generations of mobile handsets; 

•

 demand for supply chain information services, including acceptance of the EPCglobal Network; 

•

 the ability of the Internet infrastructure to accommodate increased levels of usage; and 

•

 government regulations affecting e-commerce and communications over IP networks. 

If the market for e-commerce and communications over IP and other networks does not grow or these services are not widely
accepted in the market, our business would be materially harmed. 

We depend
on key personnel to manage our business effectively and may not be successful in attracting and retaining such personnel. 

We depend on the performance of our senior management team and other key employees, including key employees in the businesses we intend to divest. Our
success also depends on our ability to attract, integrate, train, retain (particularly with respect to key employees in the businesses we intend to divest) and motivate these individuals and additional highly skilled technical and sales and
marketing personnel, both in the U.S. and abroad. 

All of the
members of our senior management team and other key employees are at-will employees and we do not maintain key person life insurance for any of our senior management team members or key employees. The loss of the services of any of our senior
management team or other key employees, including key employees in the businesses we intend to divest, or failure to attract, integrate, train, retain and motivate additional key employees could harm our business. 

We recently experienced changes in our senior management team, and we may face difficulty
in attracting and retaining permanent, qualified leadership personnel. 

During the second quarter of 2008, we appointed D. James Bidzos, our Chairman of the Board, as President, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman, on an interim basis, and Brian G. Robins, our Senior Vice
President, Finance, to acting Chief Financial Officer. In the first quarter of 2009, we appointed Mark D. McLaughlin as our President and Chief Operating Officer. The search for permanent replacements to fill the remaining positions may be a
distraction to our interim executives, senior management, business partners, and 

27 

Table of Contents

customers, and, although we believe we have taken appropriate measures to address the impact of these changes, there is a risk that such changes may impair
our ability to meet our business objectives. During the period of transition following the appointment of an executive, there may be operational inefficiencies as our new management team becomes familiar with our business and operations. We cannot
provide you with any assurance that the search for any permanent replacements will be successful, and if we cannot recruit (or experience delays in recruiting) qualified permanent replacements for any such positions, our business may
suffer. 

Compliance with rules and regulations concerning corporate
governance is costly and could harm our business. 

Ongoing
compliance with the corporate governance requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the NASDAQ Stock Market has increased the scope, complexity and cost of our corporate governance, reporting and disclosure practices, and our compliance efforts have
required significant management attention. It is more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we have been required to accept reduced coverage and incur substantially higher costs to obtain the
reduced level of coverage. Further, our board members, chief executive officer and chief financial officer face an increased risk of personal liability in connection with the performance of their duties. As a result, we may have difficulty
attracting and retaining qualified board members and executive officers, which could harm our business. 

We have anti-takeover protections that may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control that could benefit our stockholders. 

Our amended and restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to
acquire us without the consent of our Board of Directors. These provisions include: 

•

 our stockholders may take action only at a duly called meeting and not by written consent; 

•

 special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the chief executive officer, the president or our Board of Directors, and cannot be called by our
stockholders; 

•

 our board must be given advance notice regarding stockholder-sponsored proposals for consideration at annual meetings and for stockholder nominations for the
election of directors; 

•

 vacancies on our Board of Directors can be filled until the next annual meeting of stockholders by majority vote of the members of the Corporate Governance and
Nominating Committee or a majority of directors then in office if no such committee exists or a sole remaining director; and 

•

 our Board of Directors has the ability to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock without stockholder approval. 

VeriSign has also adopted a stockholder rights plan that may discourage,
delay or prevent a change of control or the acquisition of a substantial bloc of our common stock and may make any future unsolicited acquisition attempt more difficult. Under the rights plan: 

•

 The rights will generally become exercisable if a person or group acquires 20% or more of VeriSign’s outstanding common stock (unless such transaction is
approved by our Board of Directors) and thus becomes an “acquiring person.” 

•

 Each right, when exercisable, will entitle the holder, other than the “acquiring person,” to acquire shares of VeriSign’s common stock at a 50%
discount to the then-prevailing market price. 

•

 As a result, the rights plan will cause substantial dilution to a person or group that becomes an “acquiring person” on terms that our Board of Directors
does not believe are in our best interests and those of our stockholders and may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a
premium for their shares. 

28 

Table of Contents

In addition,
Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder, generally a person which together with its affiliates owns or within
the last three years has owned 15% or more of our voting stock, for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless in the same transaction the interested stockholder acquired
85% ownership of our voting stock (excluding certain shares) or the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Section 203 therefore may impact the ability of an acquirer to complete an acquisition of us after a successful tender
offer and accordingly could discourage, delay or prevent an acquirer from making an unsolicited offer without the approval of our Board of Directors. 

Changes in, or interpretations of, tax rules and regulations may adversely affect our effective tax rates. 

We are subject to income taxes in both the U.S. and numerous foreign
jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are
subject to audit by various tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different than that which is reflected in historical income tax
provisions and accruals. Should additional taxes be assessed as a result of an audit or litigation, an adverse effect on our income tax provision and net income in the period or periods for which that determination is made could result. 

Risks relating to the competitive environment in which we operate

The business environment is highly competitive and, if we do not
compete effectively, we may suffer price reductions, reduced gross margins and loss of market share. 

General:    Several of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories and significantly greater
financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do and therefore may be able to respond more quickly than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards and customer requirements. Many of these competitors also have
broader and more established distribution channels that may be used to deliver competing products or services directly to customers through bundling or other means. If such competitors were to bundle competing products or services for their
customers, the demand for our products and services might be substantially reduced and the ability to distribute our products successfully and the utilization of our services would be substantially diminished. 

New technologies and the expansion of existing technologies may increase
competitive pressure. We cannot assure you that competing technologies developed by others or the emergence of new industry standards will not adversely affect our competitive position or render our security services or technologies noncompetitive
or obsolete. In addition, our markets are characterized by announcements of collaborative relationships involving our competitors. The existence or announcement of any such relationships could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain
customers. As a result of the foregoing and other factors, we may not be able to compete effectively with current or future competitors, and competitive pressures that we face could materially harm our business. 

Competition in Naming Services:    We face
competition in the domain name registry space from other gTLD and ccTLD registries that are competing for the business of entities and individuals that are seeking to establish a Web presence, including registries offering services related to the

.info, .org, .mobi, .biz, .pro, .aero, .museum and 
.coop gTLDs and registries offering services related to ccTLDs. ICANN currently has registry agreements with 14 registries for the operation of 16 gTLDs. In addition, there are over
240 ccTLD registries. 

We also face competition from service
providers that offer outsourced domain name registration, resolutions and other DNS services to organizations that require a reliable and scalable infrastructure. Among the competitors are UltraDNS, NeuLevel and Afilias. 

29 

Table of Contents

In addition, to the extent end-users navigate using search engines as opposed to direct navigation, we
may face competition from search engine operators such as Google and Yahoo!. 

Additional competition to our business may arise from the upcoming introduction of new Internationalized Domain Name TLDs (“IDN TLDs”) and new gTLDs by ICANN. These new domain extensions could become
available by the third quarter of 2009 in the form of translations or transliterated versions of the .com and .net TLD and by the last quarter of 2009 in the form of new gTLDs. We do not yet know the impact, if any, these new domain extensions
may have on our business, but the increase of name availability in the marketplace could introduce new choices for end-users as well as create end-user confusion around brand preference, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
While we may apply for one or more of these new domain extensions, there is no certainty that we will ultimately be successful and even if we are successful in obtaining one or more of these new domain extensions, there is no guarantee that such
extensions will be any more successful than the domain name extensions obtained by our competitors. 

Competition in SSL Certificate Services and IAS:    Our SSL Certificate Services and IAS are targeted at the rapidly evolving
market for Internet security services, including network security, authentication and validation, which enable secure e-commerce and communications over wireline and wireless IP networks. The market for SSL Certificate Services and IAS is intensely
competitive, subject to rapid change and significantly affected by new product and service introductions and other market activities of industry participants. 

Principal competitors generally fall within one of the following categories: (1) companies such as RSA, the security division of EMC, and Entrust
Technologies, which offer software applications and related digital certificate products that customers operate themselves; (2) companies such as Digital Signature Trust Company (a subsidiary of Identrus) that primarily offer digital
certificate and certification authority-related services; (3) companies focused on providing a bundled offering of products and services; and (4) companies offering competing SSL certificate and other security services, including domain
name registrars. We also experience competition from a number of smaller companies, and we believe that our primary long-term competitors may not yet have entered the market. Furthermore, AOL and Microsoft have introduced software products that
enable the issuance and management of digital certificates, and we believe that other companies could introduce similar products. 

In addition, browser companies that embed our interface technologies or otherwise feature them as a provider of digital certificate products and services
in their Web browsers or on their websites could also promote products and services of our competitors or charge us substantial fees for promotions in the future. 

Competition in Managed Security Services:    Security services and product firms,
telecommunications companies, and consulting companies or professional services groups of other companies with Internet expertise are current or potential competitors to our managed security services. These companies include large systems
integrators and consulting firms, such as Accenture and IBM Global Services, security product companies, such as Symantec, and telecommunications providers, such as Verizon Business and BT Counterpane. 

Competition in Communications Services:    The
market for communications services is extremely competitive and subject to significant pricing pressure. Competition in this area arises from two primary sources. Incumbent carriers provide competing in-house services in their respective regions. In
addition, we face direct competition from national, unregulated companies, including Syniverse Technologies, Telcordia, NeuStar and other carriers such as Southern New England Telephone Diversified Group, a unit of AT&T. Furthermore, customers
are increasingly likely to deploy internally developed communications technologies and services which may reduce the demand for technologies and services from third party providers, such as VeriSign, and further increase competitive pricing
pressures. 

Competition in Commerce
Services:    Our wireless billing and payment services are also subject to competition from providers such as Comverse, Amdocs, Convergys Corporation and Boston Communications

30 

Table of Contents

Group. We are also aware of major Internet service providers, software developers and smaller entrepreneurial companies that are or may in the future
be focusing significant resources on developing and marketing products and services that may compete directly with ours. Furthermore, customers are increasingly likely to deploy internally developed communications technologies and services which may
reduce the demand for technologies and services from third-party providers such as VeriSign and further increase competitive pricing pressures.

Competition in Content Services:    The market for content services is extremely competitive. Competitors include developers of
content and entertainment products and services in a variety of domestic and international markets, such as Infospace, Itouch, Arvato mobile, Monstermob, and Motricity. This business also faces competition from mobile network operators such as
Cingular, Verizon Wireless, Sprint Nextel Corporation, T-Mobile, Vodafone, O2, Orange, E-Plus and Telefónica, as well as Internet portal operators such as Yahoo!, AOL, T-Online and Google. Additional competitors are handset manufacturers such
as Nokia and software providers such as Microsoft and Apple. As the market for wireless data, including information and entertainment data, matures, new categories of competitors, such as mobile phone companies, broadcasters, music publishers, other
content providers or others have begun to develop competing products or services. 

Competition in Real-Time Publishing Services:    We face competition from various smaller companies providing similar services. 

Our inability to react to changes in our industry and successfully introduce new products and services could harm our business.

The Internet and communications network services
industries are characterized by rapid technological change and frequent new product and service announcements which require us continually to improve the performance, features and reliability of our services, particularly in response to competitive
offerings. In order to remain competitive and retain our market share, we must continually improve our access technology and software, support the latest transmission technologies, and adapt our products and services to changing market conditions
and customer preferences. We cannot assure you that we will be able to adapt to these challenges or respond successfully or in a cost effective way to adequately meet them. Our failure to do so would adversely affect our ability to compete and
retain customers or market share. 

Risks related to our divestiture plan

We may face difficulties and incur costs associated with our
divestiture plan and our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be adversely affected. 

Until the divestitures are complete, we will experience additional risks, including, but not limited to the disruption of our business and the potential
loss of key employees; difficulties separating operations, services, products and personnel; and the potential damage to relationships with our existing customers. 

For example, our divestiture plan requires a substantial amount of management, administrative and operational resources.
These demands may distract our employees from the day-to-day operation of VeriSign’s core businesses. 

There is also risk that we may incur additional charges associated with an impairment of a portion of goodwill and other intangible assets due to changes
in market conditions for acquisitions and dispositions. Under generally accepted accounting principles, we are required to evaluate goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, and to re-evaluate goodwill and to evaluate other intangible assets as
events or circumstances indicate that such assets may be impaired. Further, we are likely to incur income statement charges to complete the divestiture plan, which could be material. 

If we are unable to successfully address any of these risks for future dispositions, our financial condition, results of
operations or cash flows could be adversely affected. 

31 

Table of Contents

We may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits we expect from the divestiture plan and such benefits may be
delayed or not occur at all. 

We may not be able to
achieve the full strategic and financial benefits we expect from the divestiture of VeriSign’s non-core businesses. For example, we have encountered and may continue to encounter difficulties identifying buyers for certain businesses or be
unable to sell businesses identified for divestiture, and there can be no assurance that analysts and investors will place greater value on VeriSign following the divestiture plan than the value placed on us pre-divestiture. 

In addition, there is no guarantee that the planned divestitures will occur
or will not be further delayed. Completion of the divestiture plan is subject to a number of factors, including: 

•

 business, political and economic conditions in the U.S. and in other countries in which the Company currently operates; 

•

 governmental regulations and policies, actions and approvals of regulatory bodies; 

•

 the operating performance of the Company or the businesses or assets offered for sale; 

•

 identification of buyers and negotiation of sale agreements; 

•

 the willingness of buyers to assume certain liabilities associated with the businesses or assets offered for sale; 

•

 our ability to identify and separate the assets associated with the businesses offered for sale from the core businesses we choose to retain; and

•

 the availability of financing or other sources of funding to buyers under reasonable terms and conditions. 

In the third quarter of 2008, management determined that due in large part to
the downturn in the economy and the condition of the credit markets, the divestiture plan would take longer than originally expected. Buyers continue to be more conservative, which makes it more difficult to consummate dispositions and has required
some modifications to our original approach to individual dispositions. For example, some potential buyers have asked for more detailed financial information than we originally anticipated, which has increased the time and expense required to
conduct the sale process. In addition, the condition in the credit markets has limited sources of financing for potential purchasers, which has affected the number of proposals we have received and prospective buyers’ ability to borrow the
funds necessary to complete the purchase of our businesses being divested which has impacted the number of divestitures we have been successful in completing. These developments are having an adverse effect on the timing and our chances of
completing the divesture plan. 

We may be adversely affected under certain
covenants in our credit facility. 

The Credit Agreement
governing our $500.0 million credit facility (the “Facility”) contains a negative covenant that limits our ability to sell assets and freely deploy the proceeds we receive from such sales, subject to exceptions based on the size and timing
of the sales. Therefore, depending on the size and timing of any dispositions that we decide to pursue as part of our divestiture plan, we may find it necessary to seek an amendment to our Credit Agreement or to structure the sales in a manner that
complies with the covenant but that is potentially less favorable to the Company than would otherwise be the case. There can be no guarantee that we will be successful in obtaining any such amendment on acceptable terms or at all or be able to
structure potential dispositions accordingly. The Facility and Credit Agreement are described in Note 9, “Credit Facility,” of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 15 of this Form 10-K. 

We continue to be responsible for a portion of our contingent and other corporate
liabilities following the divestiture of certain businesses. 

Under the agreements reached with buyers for certain businesses divested under the divestiture plan, we remain liable for certain contingent and corporate liabilities. In addition, it is possible that we may enter into agreements with
similar contingent and corporate liabilities in connection with future businesses we may divest. 

32 

Table of Contents

There is a possibility that
we will incur costs and expenses associated with the management of these contingent and other corporate liabilities. These contingent and other corporate liabilities could potentially relate to consolidated securities litigation, as well as actions
brought by third parties as a result of the divestiture plan. Where responsibility for such liabilities is to be shared with the buyer, it is possible that the buyer or another party may be in default for payments for which they are responsible,
obligating us to pay amounts in excess of our agreed-upon share of the assumed obligations. 

Following the divestiture of certain businesses, our ability to compete in certain market sectors is restricted. 

Under the agreements reached with buyers for certain businesses divested under the divestiture plan, we are restricted from competing, either directly or
indirectly, with those businesses or from entering certain market sectors for a defined period of time pursuant to negotiated non-compete arrangements. We expect that the Company will be subject to similar restrictions with respect to other
businesses as they are divested. 

Risks related to our securities

We have a considerable number of common shares subject to future
issuance. 

As of December 31, 2008, we had one
billion authorized common shares, of which 191.5 million shares were outstanding. In addition, of our authorized common shares, 38.7 million common shares were reserved for issuance pursuant to outstanding employee stock option and
employee stock purchase plans (“Equity Plans”), and 36.4 million shares were reserved for issuance upon conversion of the 3.25% junior subordinated convertible debentures, due 2037 (the “Convertible Debentures”). As a
result, we keep substantial amounts of our common stock available for issuance upon exercise or settlement of equity awards outstanding under our Equity Plans and/or the conversion of Convertible Debentures into our common stock. Issuance of all or
a large portion of such shares would be dilutive to existing security holders, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities.

Our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely
affected if we do not effectively manage our liabilities. 

As a result of the sale of the Convertible Debentures, we have a substantial amount of long term debt outstanding. In addition to the Convertible Debentures, we have a Facility with a borrowing capacity of $500.0 million. As of
December 31, 2008, we had no outstanding borrowings under the Facility and we had utilized $1.4 million of the $50.0 million limit for outstanding letters of credit. The availability of borrowing capacity under the Facility allows us immediate
access to working capital if we identify opportunities for the use of this cash. Our maintenance of substantial levels of debt could adversely affect our flexibility to take advantage of corporate opportunities and could adversely affect our
financial condition and results of operations. The Facility is described in Note 9, “Credit Facility,” of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 15 of this Form 10-K. 

We may not have the ability to repurchase the Convertible Debentures in cash upon the
occurrence of a fundamental change, or to pay cash upon the conversion of Convertible Debentures, as required by the indenture governing the Convertible Debentures. 

Holders of our outstanding Convertible Debentures will have the right to require us to repurchase the Convertible Debentures upon the
occurrence of a fundamental change as defined in the Indenture dated as of August 20, 2007 (the “Indenture”) between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. Although we currently intend to settle the principal
amount of the Convertible Debentures in cash as required under the Indenture, we may not have sufficient funds to repurchase the Convertible Debentures in cash or have the ability to arrange necessary financing on acceptable terms or at all. In
addition, upon conversion of the 

33 

Table of Contents

Convertible Debentures, we will be required to make cash payments to the holders of the Convertible Debentures equal to the lesser of the principal amount of
the Convertible Debentures being converted and the conversion value (as defined in the Indenture) of those debentures. Such payments could be significant, and we may not have sufficient funds to make them at such time. 

A fundamental change may also constitute an event of default or prepayment
under, or result in the acceleration of the maturity of, our then-existing indebtedness. Our ability to repurchase the Convertible Debentures in cash or make any other required payments may be limited by law or the terms of other agreements relating
to our indebtedness outstanding at the time. Our failure to repurchase the Convertible Debentures or pay cash in respect of conversions when required would result in an event of default with respect to the Convertible Debentures. 

While we currently have the intent and ability to settle the principal in
cash, if we conclude that we no longer have the ability, in the future, we will be required to change our accounting policy for earnings per share from the treasury stock method to the if-converted method. 

There may be potential new accounting pronouncements or regulatory rulings which may have
an impact on our future financial position and results of operations. 

For example, in May 2008, the FASB issued FSP APB 14-1, “Accounting for Convertible Debt Instruments that May be Settled in Cash upon Conversion (Including Partial Cash Settlement),” that
will significantly affect the accounting for convertible debt, including our Convertible Debentures. The FSP specifies that issuers of convertible debt instruments should separately account for the liability (debt) and equity (conversion option)
components of such instruments in a manner that reflects the issuer’s non-convertible debt borrowing rate. In applying this FSP, the FASB emphasized that the FSP will be applied to the terms of the instruments as they existed for the time
periods they existed, therefore, the application of the FSP will be applied retrospectively to all periods presented. The FSP is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008, and will be adopted by us in the first quarter of
fiscal 2009. Although FSP APB 14-1 will have no impact on our actual past or future cash flows, it will require us to record a significant amount of non-cash interest expense for fiscal 2007 through fiscal 2037 as the debt discount is amortized,
assuming the Convertible Debentures will be settled upon maturity in 2037, associated with a significant reduction in our Convertible Debentures balance along with a corresponding increase in our stockholders’ equity as of December 31,
2007 and 2008. In addition, if our Convertible Debentures are redeemed or converted prior to maturity, any unamortized debt discount would result in a loss on extinguishment. As a result, there could be a material adverse impact on our results of
operations and earnings per share. These impacts could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock and in turn negatively impact the trading price of the Convertible Debentures. 

Certain other risks 

The following risks are primarily related to businesses we expect to divest
as part of our divestiture plan. Until our divestiture plan is complete, any one or more of these risks could have a significant impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, the materialization of any one or
more of these risks could affect the timing of future dispositions, the price at which we dispose our businesses or whether we are able to dispose our businesses at all. 

Our Communications Services business depends in part on the acceptance of our SS7 network and the telecommunications industry’s continuing use of
SS7 technology. 

Our future growth in our Communications
Services business depends, in part, on the commercial success and reliability of our SS7 network. Our Communications Services business will suffer if our target customers do not use our SS7 network. Our future financial performance will also depend
on the successful development, introduction and customer acceptance of new and enhanced SS7-based services. We are not certain that our target customers will choose our particular SS7 network solution or continue to use our SS7 network. 

34 

Table of Contents

The inability of our customers to
successfully implement our signaling and network services with their existing systems could adversely affect our business. 

Significant technical challenges exist in our signaling and network services business because many of our customers: 

•

 purchase and implement SS7 network services in phases; 

•

 deploy SS7 connectivity across a variety of telecommunication switches and routes; and 

•

 integrate our SS7 network with a number of legacy systems, third-party software applications and engineering tools. 

Customer implementation currently requires participation by our order
management and our engineering and operations groups, each of which has limited resources. Some customers may also require us to develop costly customized features or capabilities, which increases our costs and consumes a disproportionate share of
our limited customer service and support resources. Also, we typically charge one-time fees for initially connecting a customer to our SS7 network and a monthly recurring flat rate fee after the connection is established. If new or existing
customers have difficulty deploying our products or require significant amounts of our engineering service support, we may experience reduced operating margins. Our customers’ ability to deploy our network services to their own customers and
integrate them successfully within their systems depends on our customers’ capabilities and the complexity involved. Difficulty in deploying those services could reduce our operating margins due to increased customer support and could cause
potential delays in recognizing revenues until the services are implemented. 

Our failure to achieve or sustain market acceptance of our Communications Services at desired pricing levels and industry consolidation could adversely impact our revenues and cash flow. 

The telecommunications industry is characterized by significant price
competition. Competition and industry consolidation in the communications services market could result in significant pricing pressure and an erosion of our market share. Pricing pressure from competition could cause large reductions in the selling
price of our services. For example, our competitors may provide customers with reduced communications costs for Internet access or private network services, reducing the overall cost of services and significantly increasing pricing pressures on us.
We would need to offset the effects of any price reductions by increasing the number of our customers, generating higher revenues from enhanced services or reducing our costs, and we may not be able to do so successfully. We believe that the
business of providing network connectivity and related network services will see increased consolidation in the future. Consolidation could decrease selling prices and increase competition in these industries, which could erode our market share,
revenues and operating margins in our communications services business. Furthermore, customers may choose to deploy internally developed communications technologies and services thereby reducing the demand for technologies and services we offer
which could harm our business. 

Our Content Services business depends on
agreements with many different third parties, including wireless carriers and content providers. If these agreements are terminated or not renewed, or are amended to require us to change the way our Content Services are offered to customers, our
business could be harmed. 

Our Content Services business
depends on our ability to enter into and maintain agreements with many different third parties including wireless carriers and other mobile phone service providers, upon which this business is highly dependent for billing its customers. 

These agreements are typically for a short term, or are otherwise
terminable upon short notice, and in the case of agreements with carriers, other mobile phone service providers and content developers, are nonexclusive. If these third parties reduce their commitment to us, terminate their agreements with us or
enter into similar agreements with our competitors, our Content Services business could be materially harmed. 

35 

Table of Contents