This section discusses the most significant factors that affect our business, operations and financial condition. It does not describe
all risks and uncertainties applicable to us, our industry or ownership of our securities. If any of the following risks, or any other risks and uncertainties that we have not yet identified or that
we currently deem not material, actually occur, we could be materially adversely affected. In that event, the value of our securities could decline. 

        We
have grouped these risk factors into three general categories:

•

Risks arising from our business; 

•

Risks arising from our capital structure; and 

•

Risks arising from our status as a REIT. 

 Risks Arising from Our Business 

 We depend on Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living for a significant portion of our revenues and operating income; Any inability or unwillingness by Kindred or Brookdale
Senior Living to satisfy its obligations under its agreements with us could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 

        The properties we lease to Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living account for a significant portion of our revenues and NOI, and since the
Kindred Master Leases and our leases with Brookdale Senior Living are triple-net leases, we also depend on Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living to pay all insurance, taxes, utilities and
maintenance and repair expenses in connection with the leased properties. We cannot provide any assurance that Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living will have sufficient assets, income and access to
financing to enable them to make rental payments to us or to otherwise satisfy those obligations, and any inability or unwillingness by Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living to do so could have a
Material Adverse Effect on us. In addition, any failure by Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living to effectively conduct its operations or to maintain and improve our properties could adversely affect its
business reputation and its ability to attract and retain patients and residents in our properties, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living have also
agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their respective businesses, and we cannot provide any assurance
that either Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living will have sufficient assets, income, access to financing and insurance coverage to enable it to satisfy its indemnification obligations. 

 The properties managed by Atria and Sunrise account for a significant portion of our revenues and operating income; Although Atria and Sunrise are managers, not tenants, of
our properties, adverse developments in their businesses and affairs or financial condition could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 

        As of December 31, 2011, Atria and Sunrise, collectively, managed 197 of our seniors housing communities pursuant to
long-term management agreements. These properties represent a substantial portion of our portfolio, based on their gross book value, and account for a significant portion of our revenues
and NOI. Although we have various rights as the property owner under our management agreements, we rely on Atria's and Sunrise's personnel, good faith, expertise, historical performance, technical
resources and information systems, proprietary
information and judgment to manage our seniors housing communities efficiently and effectively. We also rely on Atria and Sunrise to set resident fees, to provide accurate property-level financial
results for our properties in a timely manner and to otherwise operate our properties in accordance with the terms of our management agreements 

29

Table of Contents

and
in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. For example, we depend on Atria's and Sunrise's ability to attract and retain skilled management personnel who are responsible for the
day-to-day operations of our seniors housing communities. A shortage of nurses or other trained personnel or general inflationary pressures may force Sunrise or Atria to
enhance its pay and benefits package to compete effectively for such personnel, and Atria or Sunrise may not be able to offset such added costs by increasing the rates charged to residents. Any
increase in labor costs and other property operating expenses, any failure by Atria or Sunrise to attract and retain qualified personnel, or significant changes in Atria's or Sunrise's senior
management could adversely affect the income we receive from our seniors housing communities and have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 

        Because
Atria and Sunrise manage, but do not lease, our properties, we are not directly exposed to their credit risk in the same manner or to the same extent as a triple-net
tenant. However, any adverse developments in Atria's or Sunrise's business and affairs or financial condition could impair their ability to manage our properties efficiently and effectively and could
have a Material Adverse Effect on us. If Atria or Sunrise experiences any significant financial, legal, accounting or regulatory difficulties due to the weakened economy or otherwise, such
difficulties could result in, among other adverse events, acceleration of its indebtedness, impairment of its continued access to capital, the enforcement of default remedies by its counterparties, or
the commencement of insolvency proceedings by or against it under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, any one or a combination of which indirectly could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 

 We face potential adverse consequences of bankruptcy or insolvency by our tenants, operators, borrowers, managers and other obligors. 

        We are exposed to the risk that our tenants, operators, borrowers, managers or other obligors could become bankrupt or insolvent.
Although our lease, loan and management agreements provide us with the right to exercise certain remedies in the event of default on the obligations owing to us or upon the occurrence of certain
insolvency events, the bankruptcy and insolvency laws afford certain rights to a party that has filed for bankruptcy or reorganization. For example, a debtor-lessee may reject its lease with us in a
bankruptcy proceeding. In such a case, our claim against the debtor-lessee for unpaid and future rents would be limited by the statutory cap of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. This statutory cap could be
substantially less than the remaining rent actually owed under the lease, and any claim we have for unpaid rent might not be paid in full. In addition, a
debtor-lessee may assert in a bankruptcy proceeding that its lease should be re-characterized as a financing agreement. If such a claim is successful, our rights and remedies as a lender,
compared to a landlord, are generally more limited. Similarly, if a debtor-manager seeks bankruptcy protection, the automatic stay provisions of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code would preclude us from
enforcing our remedies against the manager unless relief is first obtained from the court having jurisdiction over the bankruptcy case. In the event of an obligor bankruptcy, we may also be required
to fund certain expenses and obligations (e.g., real estate taxes, debt costs and maintenance expenses) to preserve the value of our properties, avoid the imposition of liens on our properties or
transition our properties to a new tenant, operator or manager. 

 If we must replace any of our tenants or operators, we might be unable to reposition the properties on as favorable terms, or at all, and we could be subject to delays,
limitations and expenses, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 

        We cannot predict whether our tenants will renew existing leases beyond their current term. If the Kindred Master Leases, our leases
with Brookdale Senior Living or any of our other leases are not renewed, we would attempt to reposition those properties with another tenant or operator. In case of non-renewal, we
generally have one year prior to expiration of the lease term to arrange for repositioning of the properties and our tenants are required to continue to perform all of their obligations (including the
payment of all rental amounts) for the non-renewed assets until such 

30

Table of Contents

expiration.
However, following expiration of a lease term or if we exercise our right to replace a tenant or operator in default, rental payments on the related properties could decline or cease
altogether while we reposition the properties with a suitable replacement tenant or operator. We also might not be successful in identifying suitable replacements or entering into leases with new
tenants or operators on a timely basis or on terms as favorable to us as our current leases, if at all, and we may be required to fund certain expenses and obligations (e.g., real estate taxes, debt
costs and maintenance expenses) to preserve the value of, and avoid the imposition of liens on, our properties while they are being repositioned. In addition, we may incur certain obligations and
liabilities, including obligations to indemnify the replacement tenant or operator, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 

        Our
ability to reposition our properties with a suitable tenant or operator could be significantly delayed or limited by state licensing, receivership, CON or other laws, as well as by
the Medicare and Medicaid change-of-ownership rules. We could also incur substantial additional expenses in connection with any licensing, receivership or
change-of-ownership proceedings. In addition, our ability to locate suitable replacement tenants could be impaired by the specialized healthcare uses or contractual
restrictions on use of the properties, and we may be required to spend substantial amounts to adapt the