This section discusses the most significant factors that affect our business, operations and financial condition. It does not describe all risks and uncertainties applicable to us, our industry or ownership of our securities. If any of the following risks, or any other risks and uncertainties that we have not yet identified or that we currently deem not material, actually occur, we could be materially adversely affected. In that event, the value of our securities could decline.

We have grouped these risk factors into three general categories:

•

Risks arising from our business;

•

Risks arising from our capital structure; and

•

Risks arising from our status as a REIT.

Risks Arising from Our Business

We depend on Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living for a significant portion of our revenues and operating income; Any inability or unwillingness by Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living to satisfy its obligations under its agreements with us could have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

The properties we lease to Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living account for a significant portion of our revenues and NOI, and because the Kindred Master Leases and our leases with Brookdale Senior Living are triple-net leases, we also depend on Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living to pay all insurance, taxes, utilities and maintenance and repair expenses in connection with the leased properties. We cannot assure you that either Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living will have sufficient assets, income and access to financing to enable it to make rental payments to us or to otherwise satisfy its respective obligations under our leases, and any inability or unwillingness by Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living to do so could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. In addition, any failure by either Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living to effectively conduct its operations or to maintain and improve our properties could adversely affect its business reputation and its ability to attract and retain patients and residents in our properties, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living have also agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their respective businesses, and we cannot assure you that either Kindred or Brookdale 

23

Senior Living will have sufficient assets, income, access to financing and insurance coverage to enable it to satisfy its indemnification obligations.

The properties managed by Atria and Sunrise account for a significant portion of our revenues and operating income; Although Atria and Sunrise are managers, not tenants, of our properties, adverse developments in their businesses and affairs or financial condition could have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

As of 
December 31, 2012
, Atria and Sunrise, collectively, managed 
220
 of our seniors housing communities pursuant to long-term management agreements. These properties represent a substantial portion of our portfolio, based on their gross book value, and account for a significant portion of our revenues and NOI. Although we have various rights as the property owner under our management agreements, we rely on Atria’s and Sunrise’s personnel, expertise, technical resources and information systems, proprietary information, good faith and judgment to manage our seniors housing communities efficiently and effectively. We also rely on Atria and Sunrise to set resident fees, to provide accurate property-level financial results for our properties in a timely manner and to otherwise operate our properties in accordance with the terms of our management agreements and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. For example, we depend on Atria’s and Sunrise’s ability to attract and retain skilled management personnel who are responsible for the day-to-day operations of our seniors housing communities. A shortage of nurses or other trained personnel or general inflationary pressures may force Sunrise or Atria to enhance its pay and benefits package to compete effectively for such personnel, and Atria or Sunrise may not be able to offset such added costs by increasing the rates charged to residents. Any increase in labor costs and other property operating expenses, any failure by Atria or Sunrise to attract and retain qualified personnel, or significant changes in Atria’s or Sunrise’s senior management could adversely affect the income we receive from our seniors housing communities and have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

Because Atria and Sunrise manage, but do not lease, our properties, we are not directly exposed to their credit risk in the same manner or to the same extent as a triple-net tenant. However, any adverse developments in Atria’s or Sunrise’s business and affairs or financial condition could impair their ability to manage our properties efficiently and effectively and could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. If Atria or Sunrise experiences any significant financial, legal, accounting or regulatory difficulties due to a weak economy or otherwise, such difficulties could result in, among other adverse events, acceleration of its indebtedness, impairment of its continued access to capital, the enforcement of default remedies by its counterparties, or the commencement of insolvency proceedings by or against it under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, any one or a combination of which indirectly could have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

We face potential adverse consequences of bankruptcy or insolvency by our tenants, operators, borrowers, managers and other obligors.

We are exposed to the risk that our tenants, operators, borrowers, managers or other obligors could become bankrupt or insolvent. Although our lease, loan and management agreements provide us with the right to exercise certain remedies in the event of default on the obligations owing to us or upon the occurrence of certain insolvency events, the bankruptcy and insolvency laws afford certain rights to a party that has filed for bankruptcy or reorganization. For example, a debtor-lessee may reject its lease with us in a bankruptcy proceeding. In such a case, our claim against the debtor-lessee for unpaid and future rents would be limited by the statutory cap of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. This statutory cap could be substantially less than the remaining rent actually owed under the lease, and any claim we have for unpaid rent might not be paid in full. In addition, a debtor-lessee may assert in a bankruptcy proceeding that its lease should be re-characterized as a financing agreement. If such a claim is successful, our rights and remedies as a lender, compared to a landlord, are generally more limited. Similarly, if a debtor-manager seeks bankruptcy protection, the automatic stay provisions of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code would preclude us from enforcing our remedies against the manager unless relief is first obtained from the court having jurisdiction over the bankruptcy case. In the event of an obligor bankruptcy, we may also be required to fund certain expenses and obligations (e.g., real estate taxes, debt costs and maintenance expenses) to preserve the value of our properties, avoid the imposition of liens on our properties or transition our properties to a new tenant, operator or manager.

If we must replace any of our tenants or operators, we might be unable to reposition the properties on as favorable terms, or at all, and we could be subject to delays, limitations and expenses, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

We cannot predict whether our tenants will renew existing leases beyond their current term. If the Kindred Master Leases, our leases with Brookdale Senior Living or any of our other leases are not renewed, we would attempt to reposition those properties with another tenant or operator. In case of non-renewal, we generally have one year prior to expiration of the lease term to arrange for repositioning of the properties and our tenants are required to continue to perform all of their obligations (including the payment of all rental amounts) for the non-renewed assets until such expiration. However, following expiration of a lease term or if we exercise our right to replace a tenant or operator in default, rental payments on the related properties could decline or cease altogether while we reposition the properties with a suitable replacement tenant or operator. We also might not be successful in identifying suitable replacements or entering into leases or other arrangements with new 

24

tenants or operators on a timely basis or on terms as favorable to us as our current leases, if at all, and we may be required to fund certain expenses and obligations (e.g., real estate taxes, debt costs and maintenance expenses) to preserve the value of, and avoid the imposition of liens on, our properties while they are being repositioned. In addition, we may incur certain obligations and liabilities, including obligations to indemnify the replacement tenant or operator, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

In the event of non-renewal or a tenant default, our ability to reposition our properties with a suitable tenant or operator could be significantly delayed or limited by state licensing, receivership, CON or other laws, as well as by the Medicare and Medicaid change-of-ownership rules. We could also incur substantial additional expenses in connection with any licensing, receivership or change-of-ownership proceedings. In addition, our ability to locate suitable replacement tenants could be impaired by the specialized healthcare uses or contractual restrictions on use of the properties, and we may be forced to spend substantial amounts to adapt the properties to other uses to attract suitable replacement tenants. Any such delays, limitations and expenses could adversely impact our ability to collect rent, obtain possession of leased properties or otherwise exercise remedies for tenant default and could have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

Moreover, in connection with certain of our properties, we have entered into intercreditor agreements with the tenants’ lenders or tri-party agreements with our lenders. Our ability to exercise remedies under those leases or management agreements or to reposition the applicable properties may be significantly delayed or limited by the terms of the intercreditor agreement or tri-party agreement. Any such delay or limit on our rights and remedies could adversely affect our ability to mitigate our losses and could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 

We have rights to terminate our management agreements with Atria and Sunrise in whole or with respect to specific properties under certain circumstances, and we may be unable to replace Atria or Sunrise if our management agreements are terminated or not renewed.

We are parties to long-term management agreements with each of Atria and Sunrise pursuant to which Atria and Sunrise, collectively, provide comprehensive property management and accounting services with respect to 
220
 of our seniors housing communities. Substantially all of our management agreements with Atria have terms expiring December 31, 2027, with successive automatic ten-year renewal periods. Our management agreements with Sunrise have terms ranging from 25 to 30 years, commencing as early as 2004 and as recently as 2012. Our ability to terminate these long-term management agreements is limited to specific circumstances set forth in the agreements and may relate to all properties or a specific property or group of properties. 

We may terminate any of our Atria management agreements upon the occurrence of an event of default by Atria in the performance of a material covenant or term thereof (including, in certain circumstances, the revocation of any license or certificate necessary for operation), subject in most cases to Atria’s right to cure such default, or upon the occurrence of certain insolvency events relating to Atria. In addition, we may terminate most of our management agreements with Atria based on the failure to achieve certain NOI targets or upon the payment of a fee. 

We may terminate any of our Sunrise management agreements upon the occurrence of an event of default by Sunrise in the performance of a material covenant or term thereof (including, in certain circumstances, the revocation of any license or certificate necessary for operation), subject in most cases to Sunrise’s right to cure such default, or upon the occurrence of certain insolvency events relating to Sunrise. In addition, we may terminate most of our management agreements with Sunrise based on the failure to achieve certain NOI targets or to comply with certain expense control covenants, also subject to certain rights of Sunrise to make cure payments to us, and upon the occurrence of certain other events or the existence of certain other conditions. 

We continually monitor our contractual rights with Atria and Sunrise under their respective management agreements and assess our rights and remedies. When determining whether to pursue any existing or future rights or remedies under the Atria or Sunrise management agreements, including termination rights, we consider numerous factors, including legal, contractual, regulatory, business and other relevant considerations. In the event that we exercise our rights to terminate our management agreements with Atria or Sunrise for any reason or such agreements are not renewed upon expiration of their terms, we would attempt to find another manager for the properties covered by those agreements. Although we believe that many qualified national and regional seniors care providers would be interested in managing our seniors housing communities, we cannot provide any assurance that we would be able to locate another suitable manager or, if we are successful in locating such a manager, that it would manage the properties effectively. Moreover, any such replacement manager would require approval by the applicable regulatory authorities and, in most cases, the mortgage lenders for the properties, and we cannot provide any assurance that such approvals would be granted on a timely basis or at all. Any inability to replace, or a lengthy delay in replacing, Atria or Sunrise as manager following termination or non-renewal of our management agreements could have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

25

Merger and acquisition activity or consolidation in the healthcare and seniors housing industries resulting in a change of control of, or a competitor’s investment in, one or more of our tenants, operators or managers could have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

The healthcare and seniors housing industries have recently experienced increased consolidation, including among owners of real estate and care providers. We compete with other healthcare REITs, healthcare providers, healthcare lenders, real estate partnerships, banks, insurance companies, private equity firms and other investors that pursue a variety of investments, which may include investments in our tenants, operators and managers. A competitor’s investment in one of our tenants, operators or managers could enable our competitor to influence such tenant’s, operator’s or managers’ business and strategy in a manner that impairs our relationship with the tenant, operator or manager or is otherwise adverse to our interests. In certain cases involving our competitor’s investment in, a change of control of, or other transactions impacting a tenant, operator or manager, depending on our contractual agreements and the specific facts and circumstances, we may have the right to consent to such investment, change of control or other transaction or otherwise exercise rights and remedies, including termination rights, on account thereof. In deciding whether to exercise our rights and remedies, including termination rights, we consider numerous factors, including legal, contractual, regulatory, business and other relevant considerations. In addition, in connection with any change of control of a tenant, operator or manager, the tenant’s, operator’s or manager’s management team may change, which could lead to a change in the tenant’s, operator’s or manager’s strategy or adversely affect the business of the tenant, operator or manager, either of which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 

Our significant acquisition and investment activity presents certain risks to our business and operations.

We continue to make significant acquisitions and investments as part of our overall business strategy. Our significant acquisition and investment activity presents certain risks to our business and operations, including, among other things, that:

•

We may be unable to successfully integrate the operations or information technology of acquired companies, maintain consistent standards, controls, policies and procedures, or realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions and other investments within the anticipated timeframe or at all;

•

We may be unable to effectively monitor and manage our expanded portfolio of properties, retain key employees or attract highly qualified new employees;

•

Projections of estimated future revenues, costs savings or operating metrics that we develop during the due diligence and integration planning process might be inaccurate;

•

Acquisitions and other new investments could divert management’s attention from our existing assets;

•

The value of acquired assets or the market price of our common stock may decline; and

•

We may be unable to continue paying dividends at the current rate.

We cannot assure you that we will be able to achieve the economic benefit we expect from acquired properties and other investments or integrate acquisitions without encountering difficulties or that any such difficulties will not have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

Our pursuit of investments in, and acquisitions or development of, seniors housing and healthcare assets may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations.

We intend to continue to pursue investments in, and acquisitions or development of, additional seniors housing and healthcare assets domestically and internationally, subject to the contractual restrictions contained in the instruments governing our existing indebtedness. When we attempt to finance, acquire or develop these types of properties, we compete with other healthcare REITs, healthcare providers, healthcare lenders, real estate partnerships, banks, insurance companies, private equity firms and other investors, some of whom have greater financial resources and lower costs of capital than we do. Increased competition makes it more challenging for us to identify and successfully capitalize on opportunities that meet our business objectives and could improve the bargaining power of property owners seeking to sell, thereby impeding our investment, acquisition and development activities. Our ability to compete successfully for investment and acquisition opportunities is affected by many factors, including our ability to obtain debt and equity capital at costs comparable to or better than our competitors. See “Business—Competition” included in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Further, if we incur additional debt or issue equity securities, or both, to finance future investments, acquisitions or development activity, our leverage could increase or our per share financial results could decline. 

Investments in and acquisitions of seniors housing and healthcare properties entail risks associated with real estate investments generally, including that the investment’s performance will fail to meet expectations, that the cost estimates for necessary property improvements will prove inaccurate or that the tenant, operator or manager will underperform. Real estate development projects present other risks, including construction delays or cost overruns that increase expenses, the inability to 

26

obtain required zoning, occupancy and other governmental approvals and permits on a timely basis, and the incurrence of significant development costs prior to completion of the project. In addition to risks associated with real estate investments and development generally, healthcare properties are often highly customized and may require costly tenant-specific improvements. Furthermore, investments outside the United States create legal, economic and market risks associated with operating in foreign countries, such as currency exchange fluctuations and foreign tax risks. 

If the liabilities we have assumed in connection with past acquisitions or the liabilities we assume in connection with future acquisitions are greater than expected, or if there are unknown liabilities, our business could be materially and adversely affected.

We may assume or incur certain liabilities in connection with our acquisitions, including, in some cases, contingent liabilities. As we integrate these acquisitions, we may learn additional information about the sellers, the properties, their operations and their liabilities that adversely affects us, such as:

•

Liabilities relating to the clean-up or remediation of undisclosed environmental conditions;

•

Unasserted claims of vendors or other persons dealing with the sellers;

•

Liabilities, claims and litigation, including indemnification obligations, whether or not incurred in the ordinary course of business, relating to periods prior to or following our acquisition;

•

Claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the sellers; and

•

Liabilities for taxes relating to periods prior to our acquisition.

As a result, we cannot assure you that our past or future acquisitions will be successful or will not, in fact, harm our business. Among other things, if the liabilities we have assumed in connection with past acquisitions or the liabilities we assume in connection with future acquisitions are greater than expected, or if there are obligations relating to the acquired properties or businesses of which we were or are not aware at the time we completed or complete the acquisition, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Our investments are concentrated in seniors housing and healthcare real estate, making us more vulnerable economically to adverse changes in the real estate market and the seniors housing and healthcare industries than if our investments were diversified.

We invest primarily in seniors housing and healthcare properties, and our ability to make investments outside the seniors housing and healthcare industries is restricted by the terms of our existing indebtedness. Our investment focus exposes us to greater economic risk than if our portfolio were to include real estate assets in other industries or non-real estate assets. 

The healthcare industry is highly regulated, and changes in government regulation and reimbursement can have material adverse consequences on the healthcare industry, some of which may be unintended. The healthcare industry is also highly competitive and our operators and managers may encounter increased competition that could limit their ability to attract residents and patients or expand their businesses, which could materially adversely affect their ability to meet their obligations to us. The occupancy levels at, and revenues from, our properties depend on the ability of our tenants, operators and managers to successfully compete with other operators and managers, including with respect to the scope and quality of care and services provided, reputation and financial condition, physical appearance of the properties, price and location. We cannot assure you that future changes in government regulation will not adversely affect the healthcare industry, including our seniors housing and healthcare operations, tenants and operators, nor can we be certain that our tenants, operators and managers will be able to achieve and maintain occupancy and rate levels that will enable them to meet all of their obligations to us. Any adverse changes in the regulation of the healthcare industry or the competitiveness of our tenants, operators and managers could have a more pronounced effect on us than if our investments were further diversified.

Real estate investments are relatively illiquid, and our ability to quickly sell or exchange our properties in response to changes in economic or other conditions is limited. In the event we desire or need to sell any of our properties, the value of those properties and our ability to sell at a price or on terms acceptable to us could be adversely affected by a downturn in the real estate industry or any weakness in the seniors housing and healthcare industries. In addition, transfers of healthcare properties may be subject to regulatory approvals that are not required for transfers of other types of commercial properties. We cannot assure you that we will recognize the full value of any property that we sell for liquidity or other reasons, and the inability to respond quickly to changes in the performance of our investments could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

27

We have now, and may have in the future, exposure to contingent rent escalators, which can hinder our growth and profitability.

We receive a significant portion of our revenues by leasing certain of our assets under long-term triple-net leases that generally provide for fixed rental rates that are subject to annual escalations. The annual escalations in certain of our leases are contingent upon the achievement of specified revenue parameters or based on changes in the Consumer Price Index. If, as a result of weak economic conditions or other factors, the properties subject to these leases do not generate sufficient revenue to achieve the specified rent escalation parameters or the Consumer Price Index does not increase, our growth and profitability will be hindered by these leases.

Our operating assets expose us to various operational risks, liabilities and claims that could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues or increase our costs and could have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

Our senior living and MOB operating assets expose us to various operational risks, liabilities and claims that could increase our costs or adversely affect our ability to generate revenues, thereby reducing our profitability. These operational risks include fluctuations in occupancy levels, the inability to achieve economic resident fees (including anticipated increases in those fees), rent control regulations, increases in the cost of food, materials, energy, labor (as a result of unionization or otherwise) or other services, national and regional economic conditions, the imposition of new or increased taxes, capital expenditure requirements, professional and general liability claims, and the availability and cost of professional and general liability insurance. Any one or a combination of these factors could result in operating deficiencies in our senior living operations or MOB operations reportable business segments, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

We own certain properties subject to ground lease, air rights or other restrictive agreements that limit our uses of the properties, restrict our ability to sell or otherwise transfer the properties and expose us to the loss of the properties if such agreements are breached by us or terminated.

We invest in many of our MOBs and other properties, and we may invest in additional properties in the future, through leasehold interests in the land on which the buildings are located, leases of air rights for the space above the land on which the buildings are located, or other similar restrictive arrangements. Many of these ground lease, air rights and other restrictive agreements impose significant limitations on our uses of the subject properties, restrict our ability to sell or otherwise transfer our interests in the properties or restrict the leasing of the properties. These restrictions may limit our ability to timely sell or exchange the properties, impair the properties’ value or negatively impact our ability to find suitable tenants for the properties. In addition, we could lose our interests in the subject properties if the ground lease, air rights or other restrictive agreements are breached by us or terminated.

We may be unable to successfully foreclose on the collateral securing our loans and other investments, and even if we are successful in our foreclosure efforts, we may be unable to successfully sell any acquired equity interests or reposition any acquired properties, which may adversely affect our ability to recover our investments.

If a borrower defaults under mortgage or other secured loans for which we are the lender, we may attempt to foreclose on the collateral securing those loans, including by acquiring the pledged equity interests or acquiring title to the subject properties, to protect our investment. In response, the defaulting borrower may contest our enforcement of foreclosure or other available remedies, seek bankruptcy protection against our exercise of enforcement or other available remedies, or bring claims against us for lender liability. If a defaulting borrower seeks bankruptcy protection, the automatic stay provisions of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code would preclude us from enforcing foreclosure or other available remedies against the borrower unless relief is first obtained from the court with jurisdiction over the bankruptcy case. In addition, we may be subject to intercreditor agreements that delay, impact, govern or limit our ability to foreclose on a lien securing a loan or otherwise delay or limit our pursuit of our rights and remedies. Any such delay or limit on our ability to pursue our rights or remedies could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. Even if we successfully foreclose on the collateral securing our mortgage loans and other investments, foreclosure-related costs, high loan-to-value ratios or declines in equity or property value could prevent us from realizing the full amount of our secured loans, and we could be required to record a valuation allowance for such losses. Moreover, we may acquire equity interests that we are unable to sell due to securities law restrictions or otherwise, and we may acquire title to properties that we are unable to reposition with new tenants or operators on a timely basis, if at all, or without making improvements or repairs to the properties. Any delay or costs incurred in repositioning the properties could adversely affect our ability to recover our investments.

The federal government’s failure to increase its borrowing authority, scheduled reductions in federal government spending or future legislation to address the federal government’s projected operating deficit could have a material adverse effect on our operators’ liquidity, financial condition or results of operations.

The amount of debt that the federal government is permitted to incur (the “debt ceiling”) is limited by statute and can be increased only by legislation adopted by the U.S. Congress. The U.S. Department of the Treasury has indicated in public 

28

statements that, without an increase or suspension of the debt ceiling beyond its current effective date of May 20, 2013, the federal government will be unable to meet all of its financial commitments. The federal government’s failure to increase the debt ceiling as needed to meet its future financial commitments or a downgrade in the debt rating on U.S. government securities as a result of the uncertainty related to the debt ceiling could lead to a weakened U.S. dollar, rising interest rates and constrained access to capital, which could materially adversely affect the U.S. and global economies, increase our costs of borrowing and have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

Under the Budget Control Act, a 2% reduction in Medicare payments to long-term acute care hospitals and skilled nursing facilities (part of $1.2 trillion of sequestration), is expected to take effect on April 1, 2013. President Obama and members of the U.S. Congress have proposed various spending cuts and tax reform initiatives as alternatives to sequestration. Such alternatives or sequestration could result in changes (including substantial reductions in funding) to Medicare, Medicaid or Medicare Advantage Plans. Any such alternative, sequestration or future federal legislation relating to deficit reduction that reduces reimbursement payments to healthcare providers could have a material adverse effect on our operators’ liquidity, financial condition or results of operations, which could adversely affect their ability to satisfy their obligations to us and could have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

Our tenants, operators and managers may be adversely affected by healthcare regulation and enforcement.

The regulatory environment of the long-term healthcare industry has generally intensified over time both in the amount and type of regulations and in the efforts to enforce those regulations. This is particularly true for large for-profit, multi-facility providers like Kindred, Brookdale Senior Living, Atria and Sunrise. The extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations affecting the healthcare industry include those relating to, among other things, licensure, conduct of operations, ownership of facilities, addition of facilities and equipment, allowable costs, services, prices for services, qualified beneficiaries, quality of care, patient rights, fraudulent or abusive behavior, and financial and other arrangements that may be entered into by healthcare providers. Moreover, changes in enforcement policies by federal and state governments have resulted in an increase in the number of inspections, citations of regulatory deficiencies and other regulatory sanctions, including terminations from the Medicare and Medicaid programs, bars on Medicare and Medicaid payments for new admissions, civil monetary penalties and even criminal penalties. See “Governmental Regulation—Healthcare Regulation” included in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We are unable to predict the scope of future federal, state and local regulations and legislation, including the Medicare and Medicaid statutes and regulations, or the intensity of enforcement efforts with respect to such regulations and legislation, and any changes in the regulatory framework could have a material adverse effect on our tenants, operators and managers, which, in turn, could have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

Further, if our tenants, operators and managers fail to comply with the extensive laws, regulations and other requirements applicable to their businesses and the operation of our properties, they could become ineligible to receive reimbursement from governmental and private third-party payor programs, face bans on admissions of new patients or residents, suffer civil or criminal penalties or be required to make significant changes to their operations. Our tenants, operators and managers also could be forced to expend considerable resources responding to an investigation or other enforcement action under applicable laws or regulations. In such event, the results of operations and financial condition of our tenants, operators and managers and the results of operations of our properties operated or managed by those entities could be adversely affected, which, in turn, could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 

Changes in the reimbursement rates or methods of payment from third-party payors, including the Medicare and Medicaid programs, could have a material adverse effect on certain of our tenants and operators and on us.

Certain of our tenants and operators rely on reimbursement from third-party payors, including the Medicare and Medicaid programs, for substantially all of their revenues. Federal and state legislators and regulators have adopted or proposed various cost-containment measures that would limit payments to healthcare providers, and budget crises and financial shortfalls have caused states to implement or consider Medicaid rate freezes or cuts. See “Governmental Regulation—Healthcare Regulation” included in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Private third-party payors have also continued their efforts to control healthcare costs. We cannot assure you that adequate reimbursement levels will be available for services to be provided by our tenants and operators that currently depend on Medicare, Medicaid or private payor reimbursement. Significant limits by governmental and private third-party payors on the scope of services reimbursed or on reimbursement rates and fees—whether from sequestration, alternatives to sequestration or future legislation or administrative actions—could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity, financial condition and results of operations of certain of our tenants and operators, which could affect adversely their ability to make rental payments under, and otherwise comply with the terms of, their leases with us and have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

29

Our investments in joint ventures and unconsolidated entities could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority regarding major decisions, our reliance on our joint venture partners’ financial condition, any disputes that may arise between us and our joint venture partners, and our exposure to potential losses from the actions of our joint venture partners.

As of 
December 31, 2012
, we owned 
28
 MOBs, 
11
 seniors housing communities, 
nine
 skilled nursing facilities and 
one
 hospital through consolidated joint ventures, and we had ownership interests ranging between 5% and 25% in 
21
 MOBs, 
20
 seniors housing communities and 
14
 skilled nursing facilities through investments in unconsolidated entities. In addition, we had a 34% ownership interest in Atria as of 
December 31, 2012
. These joint ventures and unconsolidated entities involve risks not present with respect to our wholly owned properties, including the following:

•

We may be unable to take actions that are opposed by our joint venture partners under arrangements that require us to share decision-making authority over major decisions affecting the ownership or operation of the joint venture and any property owned by the joint venture, such as the sale or financing of the property or the making of additional capital contributions for the benefit of the property;

•

For joint ventures in which we have a noncontrolling interest, our joint venture partners may take actions that we oppose;

•

Our ability to sell or transfer our interest in a joint venture to a third party may be restricted if we fail to obtain the prior consent of our joint venture partners;

•

Our joint venture partners might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions, which could delay construction or development of a property or increase our financial commitment to the joint venture;

•

Our joint venture partners might have business interests or goals with respect to a property that conflict with our business interests and goals, including with respect to the timing, terms and strategies for investment, which could increase the likelihood of disputes regarding the ownership, management or disposition of the property;

•

Disagreements with our joint venture partners about decisions affecting a property or the joint venture could result in litigation or arbitration that increases our expenses, distracts our officers and directors and disrupts the day-to-day operations of the property, including by delaying important decisions until the dispute is resolved; and

•

We may suffer losses as a result of actions taken by our joint venture partners with respect to our joint venture investments.

Events that adversely affect the ability of seniors and their families to afford daily resident fees at our seniors housing communities could cause our occupancy rates, resident fee revenues and results of operations to decline.

By and large, assisted and independent living services are not reimbursable under government reimbursement programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid. Hence, substantially all of the resident fee revenues generated by our senior living operations are derived from private pay sources consisting of the income or assets of residents or their family members. Due to the significant expense associated with building new properties and the staffing and other costs of providing services, the daily resident and care fees at seniors housing communities are generally affordable only for seniors with income or assets that meet or exceed the comparable regional median. A weak economy, depressed housing market or changes in demographics could adversely affect the continued ability of these seniors and their families to afford the daily resident and care fees. If the managers of our seniors housing communities are unable to attract and retain seniors that have sufficient income, assets or other resources to pay the fees associated with assisted and independent living services, the occupancy rates, resident fee revenues and results of operations of our senior living operations could decline, which, in turn, could have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

Termination of resident lease agreements could adversely affect our revenues and earnings.

Applicable regulations governing assisted living communities generally require a written lease agreement with each resident that gives the resident the right to terminate his or her lease agreement for any reason on reasonable notice. Consistent with these regulations, the resident lease agreements entered into by the managers of our seniors housing communities generally allow residents to terminate their lease agreements on 30 days’ notice. Thus, unlike typical apartment lease agreements that have terms of one year or longer, our managers cannot contract with residents to stay for longer periods of time. Due to the terms of the lease agreements and the age of the residents, the resident turnover rate in our seniors housing communities may be difficult to predict. If a large number of resident lease agreements terminate at or around the same time, and if the affected units remain unoccupied, our revenues and earnings could be adversely affected, which, in turn, could have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

30

Overbuilding in markets in which our seniors housing communities and MOBs are located could adversely affect our future occupancy rates, operating margins and profitability.

The seniors housing and MOB industries generally have limited barriers to entry, and, as a consequence, the development of new seniors housing communities or MOBs could outpace demand. If development outpaces demand for those asset types in the markets in which our properties are located, those markets may become saturated and we could experience decreased occupancy, reduced operating margins and lower profitability.

The hospitals on whose campuses our MOBs are located and their affiliated health systems could fail to remain competitive or financially viable, which could adversely impact their ability to attract physicians and physician groups to our MOBs.

Our MOB operations depend on the viability of the hospitals on or near whose campuses our MOBs are located and their ability to attract physicians and other healthcare-related clients to our MOBs. The viability of these hospitals, in turn, depends on factors such as the quality and mix of healthcare services provided, competition, demographic trends in the surrounding community, market position and growth potential, as well as the ability of the affiliated health systems to provide economies of scale and access to capital. If a hospital on or near whose campus one of our MOBs is located is unable to meet its financial obligations, and if an affiliated health system is unable to support that hospital, the hospital may be unable to compete successfully or could be forced to close or relocate, which could adversely impact its ability to attract physicians and other healthcare-related clients. Because we rely on our proximity to and affiliations with these hospitals to create demand for space in our MOBs, the hospitals’ inability to remain competitive or financially viable, or to attract physicians and physician groups, could materially adversely affect our MOB operations and have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

We may not be able to maintain or expand our relationships with our existing and future hospital and health system clients.

The success of our MOB operations depends, to a large extent, on our past, current and future relationships with hospitals and their affiliated health systems. We invest a significant amount of time to develop our relationships with both new and existing clients, and these relationships have helped us to secure acquisition and development opportunities, as well as other advisory, property management and hospital project management projects. If our relationships with hospitals and their affiliated health systems deteriorate, or if a conflict of interest or non-compete arrangement prevents us from expanding these relationships, our ability to secure new acquisition and development opportunities or other advisory, property management and hospital project management projects could be adversely impacted and our professional reputation within the industry could be damaged.

Our development and redevelopment projects, including projects undertaken on a fee-for-service basis or through our joint ventures, may not yield anticipated returns.

We consider and, when appropriate, invest in development and redevelopment projects. In deciding whether to make an investment in a particular project, we make certain assumptions regarding the expected future performance of the property. Our assumptions are subject to risks generally associated with development and redevelopment projects, including, among others, that:

•

We may be unable to obtain financing for the project on favorable terms or at all;

•

We may not complete the project on schedule or within budgeted amounts;

•

We may encounter delays in obtaining or fail to obtain all necessary zoning, land use, building, occupancy, environmental and other governmental permits and authorizations, or underestimate the costs necessary to develop or redevelop the property to market standards;

•

Construction or other delays may provide tenants or residents the right to terminate preconstruction leases or cause us to incur additional costs;

•

Volatility in the price of construction materials or labor may increase our project costs;

•

In the case of our MOB developments, hospitals or health systems may maintain significant decision-making authority with respect to the development schedule;

•

Our builders may fail to perform or satisfy the expectations of our clients or prospective clients;

•

We may incorrectly forecast risks associated with development in new geographic regions;

•

Tenants may not lease space at the quantity or rental rate levels or on the schedule projected;

31

•

Demand for our project may decrease prior to completion, including due to competition from other developments; and

•

Lease rates and rents at newly developed or redeveloped properties may fluctuate based on factors beyond our control, including market and economic conditions.

In MOB development projects that we undertake on a fee-for-service basis, we generally construct properties for clients in exchange for a fixed fee, which creates additional risks such as the inability to pass on increased labor and construction material costs to our clients, development and construction delays that could give our counterparties the right to receive penalties from us, and bankruptcy or default by our contractors. We attempt to mitigate these risks by establishing certain limits on our obligations, shifting some of the risk to the general contractor or seeking other legal protections, but we cannot assure you that our mitigation efforts will be effective.

If any of the risks described above occur, our development and redevelopment projects, including projects undertaken on a fee-for-service basis or through our joint ventures, may not yield anticipated returns, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

The amount and scope of insurance coverage provided by our policies and policies maintained by our tenants, operators and managers may not adequately insure against losses.

We maintain or require in our existing lease, management and other agreements that our tenants, operators and managers maintain adequate insurance coverage on our properties and their operations. Although we regularly review the scope and level of insurance maintained by us and our tenants, operators and managers and believe the coverage provided to be customary for similarly situated companies in our industry, we cannot assure you that we or our tenants, operators and managers will continue to be able to maintain adequate levels of insurance. We also cannot assure you that we will continue to maintain or require that our tenants, operators and managers maintain the same levels of insurance coverage, that such insurance will be available at a reasonable cost in the future or that the insurance coverage provided will fully cover all losses on our properties upon the occurrence of a catastrophic event, nor can we make any guaranty as to the future financial viability of the insurers.

Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occur, we could incur substantial liability or lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenues from the property. Following the occurrence of such an event, we might nevertheless remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the property. We cannot assure you that material uninsured losses, or losses in excess of insurance proceeds, will not occur in the future.

As part of our MOB development business, we provide engineering, construction and architectural services, and any design, construction or systems failures related to the properties we develop may result in substantial injury or damage to clients or third parties. Injury or damage claims may arise in the ordinary course and may be asserted with respect to ongoing or completed projects. Although we maintain liability insurance, if any claim results in a loss, we cannot assure you that our insurance coverage would be adequate to cover the loss in full. If we sustain losses in excess of our insurance coverage, we may be required to make a payment for the difference and could lose our investment in, or experience reduced profits and cash flows from, the affected MOB, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

Significant legal actions could subject us or our tenants, operators and managers to increased operating costs and substantial uninsured liabilities, which could materially adversely affect our or their liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.

From time to time, we may be subject to claims brought against us in lawsuits and other legal proceedings arising out of our alleged actions or the alleged actions of our tenants, operators and managers for which such tenants, operators and managers may have agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless. An unfavorable resolution of any such pending or future litigation could materially adversely affect our or their liquidity, financial condition and results of operations and have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

In certain cases, we and our tenants, operators and managers may be subject to professional liability claims brought by plaintiffs’ attorneys seeking significant punitive damages and attorneys’ fees. Due to the historically high frequency and severity of professional liability claims against healthcare and seniors housing providers, the availability of professional liability insurance has been restricted and the premiums on such insurance coverage remain very high. As a result, our insurance coverage and the insurance coverage of our tenants, operators and managers might not cover all claims against us or them and might not be available to us or them at a reasonable cost. If we or our tenants, operators and managers are unable to maintain adequate insurance coverage or are required to pay punitive damages, we or they may be exposed to substantial liabilities.

32

In an effort to reduce and manage costs and for various other reasons, many companies in the healthcare industry, including some of our tenants, operators and managers, utilize different organizational and corporate structures coupled with self-insurance trusts or programs (commonly referred to as “captives”) that may provide them with less insurance coverage. Companies that insure any part of their general and professional liability risks through their own captive limited purpose entities generally estimate the future cost of general and professional liability through actuarial studies that rely primarily on historical data. However, due to the rise in the number and severity of professional claims against healthcare providers, these actuarial studies may underestimate the future cost of claims, and reserves for future claims may not be adequate to cover the actual cost of those claims. As a result, the tenants, operators and managers of our properties who self-insure could incur large funded and unfunded professional liability expense, which could materially adversely affect their liquidity, financial condition and results of operations and, in turn, their ability to satisfy their obligations to us or, in the case of our senior living operations, our results of operations and, in either case, have a Material Adverse Effect on us. Likewise, if we decide to implement a captive self-insurance program, any large funded and unfunded professional liability expenses that we incur could have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

Our operators may be sued under a federal whistleblower statute.

Our operators who engage in business with the federal government may be sued under a federal whistleblower statute designed to combat fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry. See “Governmental Regulation—Healthcare Regulation” included in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These lawsuits can involve significant monetary damages and award bounties to private plaintiffs who successfully bring these suits. If any of these lawsuits were to be brought against our operators, such suits combined with increased operating costs and substantial uninsured liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our operators’ liquidity, financial condition and results of operation and on their ability to comply with the terms of their leases with us, including their ability to make rental payments to us, which, in turn, could have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

If any of our properties are found to be contaminated, or if we become involved in any environmental disputes, we could incur substantial liabilities and costs.

Under federal and state environmental laws and regulations, a current or former owner of real property may be liable for costs related to the investigation, removal and remediation of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum that are released from or are present at or under, or that are disposed of in connection with such property. Owners of real property may also face other environmental liabilities, including government fines and penalties imposed by regulatory authorities and damages for injuries to persons, property or natural resources. Environmental laws and regulations often impose liability without regard to whether the owner was aware of, or was responsible for, the presence, release or disposal of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum. In certain circumstances, environmental liability may result from the activities of a current or former operator of the property. Although we are generally indemnified by the current operators of our properties for contamination caused by them, these indemnities may not adequately cover all environmental costs. See “Governmental Regulation—Environmental Regulation” included in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Volatility or disruption in the capital markets could prevent our counterparties from satisfying their obligations to us.

Interest rate fluctuations, financial market volatility or credit market disruptions could limit the ability of our tenants, operators and managers to obtain credit to finance their businesses on acceptable terms, which could adversely affect their ability to satisfy their obligations to us. In addition, any difficulty in accessing capital or other sources of funds experienced by our other counterparties, such as letters of credit issuers, insurance carriers, banking institutions, title companies and escrow agents, could prevent such counterparties from remaining viable entities or satisfying their obligations to us, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

Our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain talented employees, and the loss of any one of our key personnel could adversely impact our business.

The success of our business depends, in part, on the leadership and performance of our executive management team and key employees, and our ability to attract, retain and motivate talented employees could significantly impact our future performance. Competition for these individuals is intense, and we cannot assure you that we will retain our key officers and employees or that we will be able to attract and retain other highly qualified individuals in the future. Losing any one or more of these persons could have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we are required to provide a report by management on internal control over financial reporting, including management’s assessment of the effectiveness of such control. Internal control over financial 

33

reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Therefore, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. Moreover, changes to our business will necessitate ongoing changes to our internal control systems and processes. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely harmed and we could fail to meet our reporting obligations.

Economic and other conditions that negatively affect geographic areas to which a greater percentage of our NOI is attributed could adversely affect our financial results.

For the year ended 
December 31, 2012
, approximately 37.3% of our total NOI (excluding amounts in discontinued operations) was derived from properties located in California (12.6%), Texas (7.2%), New York (6.8%), Illinois (5.4%), and Massachusetts (5.3%). As a result, we are subject to increased exposure to adverse conditions affecting these regions, including downturns in the local economies or changes in local real estate conditions, increased competition or decreased demand, regional climate events and changes in state-specific legislation, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

We may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates.

Our ownership of 12 seniors housing communities in the Canadian provinces of Ontario and British Columbia subjects us to fluctuations in U.S. and Canadian currency exchange rates, which may, from time to time, impact our financial condition and results of operations. If we increase our international presence through investments in, or acquisitions or development of, seniors housing or healthcare assets outside the United States, we may transact business in currencies other than U.S. or Canadian dollars. Although we may pursue hedging alternatives, including borrowing in local currencies, to protect against foreign currency fluctuations, we cannot assure you that such fluctuations will not have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

Risks Arising from Our Capital Structure

We may become more leveraged.

As of 
December 31, 2012
, we had approximately 
$8.4 billion
 of outstanding indebtedness (including capital lease obligations). The instruments governing our existing indebtedness permit us to incur substantial additional debt, including secured debt, and we may elect to meet our capital and liquidity needs through additional borrowings. A high level of indebtedness would require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of debt service, thereby reducing the funds available to implement our business strategy and make distributions to stockholders. A high level of indebtedness could also have the following consequences:

•

Potential limits on our ability to adjust rapidly to changing market conditions and vulnerability in the event of a downturn in general economic conditions or in the real estate or healthcare industries;

•

Potential impairment of our ability to obtain additional financing for our business strategy; and

•

Potential downgrade in the rating of our debt securities by one or more rating agencies, which could have the effect of, among other things, limiting our access to capital and increasing our cost of borrowing.

In addition, from time to time, we mortgage certain of our properties to secure payment of indebtedness. If we are unable to meet our mortgage payments, then the encumbered properties could be foreclosed upon or transferred to the mortgagee with a consequent loss of income and asset value.

We are exposed to increases in interest rates, which could reduce our profitability and adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt, sell assets or engage in acquisition, investment and development activity, and our decision to hedge against interest rate risk might not be effective.

We receive a significant portion of our revenues by leasing certain of our assets under long-term triple-net leases that generally provide for fixed rental rates that are subject to annual escalations. Certain of our debt obligations are floating rate obligations with interest and related payments that vary with the movement of LIBOR, Bankers’ Acceptance or other indexes. The generally fixed rate nature of a significant portion of our revenues and the variable rate nature of certain of our debt obligations create interest rate risk. Although our operating assets provide a partial hedge against interest rate fluctuations, if interest rates rise, the costs of our existing floating rate debt and any new debt that we incur would also increase. These increased costs could reduce our profitability, impair our ability to meet our debt obligations, or increase the cost of financing our acquisition, investment and development activity. Further, rising interest rates could limit our ability to refinance existing debt upon maturity or cause us to pay higher rates upon refinancing. An increase in interest rates could also decrease the 

34

amount that third parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our ability to promptly reposition our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions.

We may seek to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility with hedging arrangements that involve risk, including the risk that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements, that these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes, that the amount of income we earn from hedging transactions may be limited by federal tax provisions governing REITs, and that these arrangements may cause us to pay higher interest rates on our debt obligations than would otherwise be the case. Moreover, no amount of hedging activity can fully insulate us from the risks associated with changes in interest rates. Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate risk, if we choose to engage in such activities, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

Limitations on our ability to access capital could have an adverse effect on our ability to make required payments on our debt obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy.

We cannot assure you that we will be able to raise the necessary capital to meet our debt service obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy, and the failure to do so could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. Although we believe that we have sufficient access to capital and other sources of funding to meet our expected liquidity needs, we cannot assure you that conditions in the capital markets will not deteriorate or that our access to capital and other sources of funding will not become constrained, which could adversely affect the availability and terms of future borrowings, renewals or refinancings and our results of operation and financial condition. If we cannot access capital at an acceptable cost or at all, we may be required to liquidate one or more investments in properties at times that may not permit us to realize the maximum return on those investments or that could result in adverse tax consequences to us. 

As a public company, our access to debt and equity capital depends, in part, on the trading prices of our senior notes and common stock, which, in turn, depend upon market conditions that change from time to time, such as the market’s perception of our financial condition, our growth potential and our current and future earnings and cash distributions. Our failure to meet the market’s expectation with regard to future earnings and cash distributions or a significant downgrade in the ratings assigned to our long-term debt could impact our ability to access capital or increase our borrowing costs. We also rely on the financial institutions that are parties to our unsecured revolving credit facility. If these institutions become capital constrained, tighten their lending standards or become insolvent or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests from other borrowers within a short period of time, they may be unable or unwilling to honor their funding commitments to us, which would adversely affect our ability to draw on our unsecured revolving credit facility and, over time, could negatively impact our ability to consummate acquisitions, repay indebtedness as it matures, fund capital expenditures or make distributions to our stockholders.

Covenants in the instruments governing our existing indebtedness limit our operational flexibility, and a covenant breach could materially adversely affect our operations.

The terms of the instruments governing our existing indebtedness require us to comply with certain customary financial and other covenants, such as maintaining debt service coverage, leverage ratios and minimum net worth requirements. Our continued ability to incur additional debt and to conduct business in general is subject to our compliance with these covenants, which limit our operational flexibility. Breaches of these covenants could result in defaults under the applicable debt instruments and could trigger defaults under any other indebtedness of ours that is cross-defaulted against such instruments, even if we satisfy our payment obligations. Financial and other covenants that limit our operational flexibility, as well as defaults resulting from our breach of any of these covenants, could have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

Risks Arising from Our Status as a REIT

Loss of our status as a REIT would have significant adverse consequences for us and the value of our common stock.

If we lose our status as a REIT (currently and/or with respect to any tax years for which the statute of limitations has not expired), we will face serious tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available to satisfy our obligations, to implement our business strategy and to make distributions to our stockholders for each of the years involved because:

•

We would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates;

•

We could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax and increased state and local taxes; and

•

Unless we are entitled to relief under statutory provisions, we could not elect to be subject to tax as a REIT for four taxable years following the year during which we were disqualified.

35

In addition, in such event we would no longer be required to pay dividends to maintain REIT status, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock.

Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Code provisions for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. The determination of factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control, as well as new legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions, may adversely affect our investors or our ability to remain qualified as a REIT for tax purposes. Although we believe that we qualify as a REIT, we cannot provide any assurance that we will continue to qualify as a REIT for tax purposes.

The 90% distribution requirement will decrease our liquidity and may limit our ability to engage in otherwise beneficial transactions.

To comply with the 90% distribution requirement applicable to REITs and to avoid the nondeductible excise tax, we must make distributions to our stockholders. See “Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations—Requirements for Qualification as a REIT—Annual Distribution Requirements” included in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Such distributions will limit our liquidity to finance investments, acquisitions and new developments and may limit our ability to engage in transactions that are otherwise in the best interests of our stockholders.

Although we do not anticipate any inability to satisfy the REIT distribution requirement, from time to time, we may not have sufficient cash or other liquid assets to do so. For example, timing differences between the actual receipt of income and actual payment of deductible expenses, on the one hand, and the inclusion of that income and deduction of those expenses in arriving at our taxable income, on the other hand, or non-deductible expenses such as principal amortization or repayments or capital expenditures in excess of non-cash deductions may cause us to fail to have sufficient cash or liquid assets to enable us to satisfy the 90% distribution requirement.

In the event that timing differences occur or we decide to retain cash or to distribute such greater amount as may be necessary to avoid income and excise taxation, we may seek to borrow funds, issue additional equity securities, pay taxable stock dividends, distribute other property or securities or engage in a transaction intended to enable us to meet the REIT distribution requirements. Any of these actions may require us to raise additional capital to meet our obligations; however, see “—Risks Arising from Our Capital Structure—Limitations on our ability to access capital could have an adverse effect on our ability to make required payments on our debt obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy.” The terms of the instruments governing our existing indebtedness restrict our ability to engage in certain of these transactions.

To preserve our qualification as a REIT, our certificate of incorporation contains ownership limits with respect to our capital stock that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control of our company.

To assist us in preserving our qualification as a REIT, our certificate of incorporation provides that if a person acquires beneficial ownership of more than 9.9% of our outstanding preferred stock or more than 9.0% of our outstanding common stock, the shares that are beneficially owned in excess of the applicable limit are considered “excess shares” and are automatically deemed transferred to a trust for the benefit of a charitable institution or other qualifying organization selected by our Board of Directors. The trust is entitled to all dividends with respect to the excess shares and the trustee may exercise all voting power over the excess shares. In addition, we have the right to purchase the excess shares for a price equal to the lesser of (i) the price per share in the transaction that created the excess shares or (ii) the market price on the day we purchase the shares, but if we do not purchase the excess shares, the trustee of the trust is required to transfer the shares at the direction of our Board of Directors. These ownership limits could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders.