This section discusses the most significant factors that affect our business, operations and financial condition. It does not describe all risks and uncertainties applicable to us, our industry or ownership of our securities. If any of the
following risks, as well as other risks and uncertainties that are not yet identified or that we currently think are not material, actually occur, we could be materially adversely affected. In that event, the value of our securities could decline.

We have grouped these risk factors into three general categories: 

•

 Risks arising from our business; 

•

 Risks arising from our capital structure; and 

•

 Risks arising from our status as a REIT. 

Risks Arising from Our Business 

We depend on Kindred and Brookdale
Senior Living for a significant portion of our revenues and operating income; Any inability or unwillingness by Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living to satisfy its obligations under its agreements with us could have a Material Adverse Effect on us.

We lease a substantial portion of our properties to Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living, and they are each a
significant source of our total revenues and operating income. Since the Kindred Master Leases and our leases with Brookdale Senior Living are triple-net leases, we depend on Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living not only for rental income, but also
to pay insurance, taxes, utilities and maintenance and repair expenses in connection with the leased properties. Any inability or unwillingness by Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living to make rental payments to us or to otherwise satisfy its
obligations under its agreements with us could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. Any failure by Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living to effectively conduct its operations could adversely affect its business reputation and ability to attract and
retain patients and residents in its properties and also could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. Moreover, Kindred and certain subsidiaries of Brookdale Senior Living, namely Brookdale and Alterra, have agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us
harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their respective businesses. We cannot assure you that Kindred or such subsidiaries of Brookdale Senior Living will have sufficient assets, income,
access to financing and insurance coverage to enable it to satisfy these indemnification obligations. 

The properties
managed by Sunrise account for a significant portion of our revenues and operating income; Adverse developments in Sunrise’s business and affairs or financial condition could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 

Sunrise currently manages 79 of our seniors housing communities pursuant to long-term management agreements. These properties represent a
substantial portion of our portfolio, based on their gross book value, and account for a significant portion of our revenues and operating income. Although we have various rights as owner under the Sunrise management agreements, we rely on
Sunrise’s personnel, good faith, expertise, historical performance, technical resources and information systems, proprietary information and judgment to manage our properties efficiently and effectively. We also rely on Sunrise to set resident
fees, to provide accurate property-level financial results for our properties in a timely manner and to otherwise operate those properties in

26 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

accordance with the terms of our management agreements and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. For example, we depend on Sunrise’s ability to attract and retain skilled
management personnel who are responsible for the day-to-day operations of our seniors housing communities. A shortage of nurses or other trained personnel or general inflationary pressures may force Sunrise to enhance its pay and benefits package to
compete effectively for such personnel, and Sunrise may not be able to offset such added costs by increasing the rates charged to residents. Any increase in these costs, which are included in the operating budget for each property, any failure by
Sunrise to attract and retain qualified personnel, or any change in Sunrise’s senior management could adversely affect the income we receive from these properties and have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 

In addition, any adverse developments in Sunrise’s business and affairs, financial strength or ability to operate our properties
efficiently and effectively could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. As a result of the current economic and credit crisis and Sunrise’s weakened financial condition, as disclosed in Sunrise’s filings with the Commission and other
public announcements, Sunrise may experience significant financial, legal, accounting or regulatory difficulties, which could result in, among other adverse events, acceleration of its indebtedness, the inability to renew or extend its revolving
credit facility, the enforcement of default remedies by its counterparties or the commencement of insolvency proceedings under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code by or against Sunrise. Any one or a combination of these events could have a Material Adverse
Effect on us. 

The severely weakened economy could adversely impact our operating income and earnings, as well as the
results of operations of our tenants and operators, which could impair their ability to meet their obligations to us. 

Continued concerns about the uncertainty over whether our economy will be adversely affected by inflation, deflation or stagflation, and the systemic impact of increased unemployment, volatile energy costs, geopolitical issues, the
availability and cost of credit, the U.S. mortgage market and a severely distressed real estate market have contributed to increased market volatility and weakened business and consumer confidence. This difficult operating environment could
adversely affect our ability to generate revenues and/or increase our costs at our Sunrise-managed properties, thereby reducing our operating income and earnings. It could also have an adverse impact on the ability of our tenants and operators to
maintain occupancy and rates in our properties, which could harm their financial condition. These economic conditions could cause us to experience operating deficiencies at our Sunrise-managed properties and/or cause our tenants and operators to be
unable to meet their rental payments and other obligations due to us, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 

We face potential adverse consequences of bankruptcy or insolvency by our tenants, operators, borrowers, managers and other obligors. 

We are exposed to the risk that our tenants, operators, borrowers, managers or other obligors could become bankrupt or insolvent. Although our lease, loan and management agreements provide us with the
right to exercise certain remedies in the event of default on the obligations owing to us or upon the occurrence of certain insolvency events, the bankruptcy and insolvency laws afford certain rights to a party that has filed for bankruptcy or
reorganization. For example, a debtor-lessee may reject its lease with us in a bankruptcy proceeding. In such a case, our claim against the debtor-lessee for unpaid and future rents would be limited by the statutory cap of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.
This statutory cap might be substantially less than the remaining rent actually owed under the lease, and it is quite likely that any claim we might have for unpaid rent would not be paid in full. In addition, a debtor-lessee may assert in a
bankruptcy proceeding that its lease should be re-characterized as a financing agreement. If such a claim is successful, our rights and remedies as a lender, compared to a landlord, would generally be more limited. Similarly, if a debtor-manager
seeks bankruptcy protection, the automatic stay provisions of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code would preclude us from enforcing our remedies against the manager unless relief is first obtained from the court having jurisdiction over the bankruptcy case. In
the event of an obligor bankruptcy, we may also be required to fund certain expenses and obligations (e.g., real estate taxes, debt costs and maintenance expenses) to preserve the value of our properties, avoid the imposition of liens on a property
and/or transition a property to a new tenant, operator or manager. 

27 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

We may be unable to reposition our properties on as favorable terms, or at all, if we
have to replace any of our tenants or operators, and we may be subject to delays, limitations and expenses in repositioning our assets. 

We cannot predict whether our tenants will renew existing leases upon the expiration of the terms thereof. If the Kindred Master Leases, our leases with Brookdale Senior Living or any of our other leases
are not renewed, we would be required to reposition those properties with another tenant or operator. In certain circumstances, we could also exercise our right to replace any tenant or operator upon a default under the terms of the applicable
lease. In case of non-renewal, our tenants are required to continue to perform all obligations (including the payment of all rental amounts) for any assets that are not renewed until expiration of the then current lease term. We generally have
one year to arrange for the repositioning of non-renewed assets prior to the expiration of the lease term. If we exercise our right to replace a tenant upon a default under a lease, during any period that we are attempting to locate a suitable
replacement tenant or operator, there could be a decrease or cessation of rental payments on those properties. We cannot assure you that we would be successful in identifying suitable replacements or entering into leases with new tenants or
operators on terms as favorable to us as our current leases, if at all. In this event, we may be required to fund certain expenses and obligations (e.g., real estate taxes, debt costs and maintenance expenses) to preserve the value and avoid the
imposition of liens on properties while they are being repositioned. 

Our ability to reposition our properties with
another suitable tenant or operator could be significantly delayed or limited by various state licensing receivership, CON or other laws, as well as by the Medicare and Medicaid change-of-ownership rules. We could also incur substantial additional
expenses in connection with any licensing, receivership or change-of-ownership proceedings. These delays, limitations and expenses could materially delay or impact our ability to reposition our properties, collect rent, obtain possession of leased