This section discusses the most significant factors that affect
 our business, operations and financial condition. It does not
 describe all risks and uncertainties applicable to us, our
 industry or ownership of our securities. If any of the following
 risks, as well as other risks and uncertainties that are not yet
 identified or that we currently think are not material, actually
 occur, we could be materially adversely affected. In that event,
 the value of our securities could decline.

 We have grouped these risk factors into three general categories:

 • 

 Risks arising from our business;

 • 

 Risks arising from our capital structure; and

 • 

 Risks arising from our status as a REIT.

 Risks
 Arising from Our Business

 We
 depend on Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living for a significant
 portion of our revenues and operating income; Any inability or
 unwillingness by Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living to satisfy
 its obligations under its agreements with us could have a
 Material Adverse Effect on us.

 We lease a substantial portion of our properties to Kindred and
 Brookdale Senior Living, and each of them is a significant
 source of our total revenues and operating income. Since the
 Kindred Master Leases and our leases with Brookdale Senior
 Living are
 triple-net
 leases, we depend on Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living not
 only for rental income, but also to pay insurance, taxes,
 utilities and maintenance and repair expenses in connection with
 the leased properties. Any inability or unwillingness by Kindred
 or Brookdale Senior Living to make rental payments to us or to
 otherwise satisfy its obligations under its agreements with us
 could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. In addition, any
 failure by Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living to effectively
 conduct its operations or to maintain and improve our properties
 could adversely affect its

 24

Table of Contents

 business reputation and its ability to attract and retain
 patients and residents in our properties, which could have a
 Material Adverse Effect on us. Kindred and Brookdale Senior
 Living have also agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us
 harmless from and against various claims, litigation and
 liabilities arising in connection with their respective
 businesses, and we cannot assure you that either Kindred or
 Brookdale Senior Living will have sufficient assets, income,
 access to financing and insurance coverage to enable it to
 satisfy its indemnification obligations.

 The