This section
discusses the most significant factors that affect our business, operations and financial condition. It does not describe all risks and uncertainties applicable to us, our industry or ownership of our 

26 

Table of Contents

securities. If any of the following risks, as well as other risks and uncertainties that are not yet identified or that we currently think are not material,
actually occur, we could be materially adversely affected. In that event, the value of our securities could decline. 

We have grouped these
 into three general categories: 

•

 Risks arising from our business; 

•

 Risks arising from our capital structure; and 

•

 Risks arising from our status as a REIT. 

Risks
Arising from Our Business 

We depend on Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living for a significant portion of our revenues and operating income; Any
inability or unwillingness by Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living to satisfy its obligations under its agreements with us could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 

We lease a substantial portion of our properties to Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living, and they are each a significant source of our total revenues and
operating income. Since the Kindred Master Leases and our leases with Brookdale Senior Living are triple-net leases, we depend on Kindred and Brookdale Senior Living not only for rental income, but also to pay insurance, taxes, utilities and
maintenance and repair expenses in connection with the leased properties. Any inability or unwillingness by Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living to make rental payments to us or to otherwise satisfy its obligations under its agreements with us could
have a Material Adverse Effect on us. Any failure by Kindred or Brookdale Senior Living to effectively conduct its operations could adversely affect its business reputation and ability to attract and retain patients and residents in its properties
and also could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. Moreover, Kindred and certain subsidiaries of Brookdale Senior Living, namely Brookdale and Alterra, have agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims,
litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their respective businesses. We cannot assure you that Kindred or such subsidiaries of Brookdale Senior Living will have sufficient assets, income, access to financing and insurance coverage to
enable it to satisfy these indemnification obligations. 

The properties managed by Sunrise account for a significant portion of our revenues and
operating income; Adverse developments in Sunrise’s business and affairs or financial condition could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 

Sunrise currently manages 79 of our seniors housing communities pursuant to long-term management agreements. These properties represent a substantial portion of our portfolio, based on their gross book value, and
account for a significant portion of our revenues and operating income. Although we have various rights as owner under the Sunrise management agreements, we rely on Sunrise’s personnel, good faith, expertise, historical performance, technical
resources and information systems, proprietary information and judgment to manage our properties efficiently and effectively. We also rely on Sunrise to set resident fees, to provide accurate property-level financial results for our properties in a
timely manner and to otherwise operate those properties in accordance with the terms of our management agreements and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. For example, we depend on Sunrise’s ability to attract and retain
skilled management personnel who are responsible for the day-to-day operations of our seniors housing communities. A shortage of nurses or other trained personnel or general inflationary pressures may force Sunrise to enhance its pay and benefits
package to compete effectively for such personnel, and Sunrise may not be able to offset such added costs by increasing the rates charged to residents. Any increase in these costs, which are included in the operating budget for each property, any
failure by Sunrise to attract and retain qualified personnel, or any change in Sunrise’s senior management could adversely affect the income we receive from these properties and have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 

In addition, any adverse developments in Sunrise’s business and affairs, financial strength or ability to operate our properties efficiently and
effectively could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. As a result of the current economic and credit crisis and Sunrise’s weakened financial condition, as disclosed in Sunrise’s filings with the Commission and other public announcements,
Sunrise may experience significant financial, legal, 

27 

Table of Contents

accounting or regulatory difficulties, which could result in, among other adverse events, acceleration of its indebtedness, the inability to renew or extend
its revolving credit facility, the enforcement of default remedies by its counterparties or the commencement of insolvency proceedings under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code by or against Sunrise. Any one or a combination of these events could have a
Material Adverse Effect on us. 

The severe weakening economy could adversely impact our operating income and earnings, as well as the results of
operations of our tenants and operators, which could impair their ability to meet their obligations to us. 

The United States
is experiencing a recession which is nearing the longest duration since the Great Depression. Continued concerns about the uncertainty over whether our economy will be adversely affected by inflation, deflation or stagflation, and the systemic
impact of increased unemployment, volatile energy costs, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of credit, the U.S. mortgage market and a severely distressed real estate market have contributed to increased market volatility and weakened
business and consumer confidence. This difficult operating environment could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues and/or increase our costs at our Sunrise-managed properties, thereby reducing our operating income and earnings. It could
also have an adverse impact on the ability of our tenants and operators to maintain occupancy rates in our properties, which could harm their financial condition. If these economic conditions continue, we may experience operating deficiencies at our
Sunrise-managed properties and/or our tenants and operators may be unable to meet their rental payments and other obligations due to us, which could have a Material Adverse Effect on us. 

We face potential adverse consequences of bankruptcy or insolvency by our tenants, operators, borrowers, managers and other obligors. 

We are exposed to the risk that our tenants, operators, borrowers, managers or other obligors could become bankrupt or insolvent. Although our lease, loan
and management agreements provide us with the right to exercise certain remedies in the event of default on the obligations owing to us or upon the occurrence of certain insolvency events, the bankruptcy and insolvency laws afford certain rights to
a party that has filed for bankruptcy or reorganization. For example, a debtor-lessee may reject its lease with us in a bankruptcy proceeding. In such a case, our claim against the debtor-lessee for unpaid and future rents would be limited by the
statutory cap of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. This statutory cap might be substantially less than the remaining rent actually owed under the lease, and it is quite likely that any claim we might have for unpaid rent would not be paid in full. In
addition, a debtor-lessee may assert in a bankruptcy proceeding that its lease should be re-characterized as a financing agreement. If such a claim is successful, our rights and remedies as a lender, compared to a landlord, would generally be more
limited. Similarly, if a debtor-manager seeks bankruptcy protection, the automatic stay provisions of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code would preclude us from enforcing our remedies against the manager unless relief is first obtained from the court having
jurisdiction over the bankruptcy case. In the event of an obligor bankruptcy, we may also be required to fund certain expenses and obligations (e.g. real estate taxes, debt costs and maintenance expenses) to preserve the value of our properties,
avoid the imposition of liens on a property and/or transition a property to a new tenant, operator or manager. 

We may be unable to reposition our