The following discussion of “Risk Factors”
identifies the most significant factors that may adversely affect our business, operations, financial position or future performance. This information should be read in conjunction with Management’s Discussion and Analysis and the consolidated
financial statements and related notes included in this report. The following discussion of risks is not all-inclusive but is designed to highlight what we believe are important factors to consider when evaluating our business and expectations.
These factors could cause our future results to differ materially from our historical results and from expectations reflected in forward-looking statements. 

Adverse conditions in the U.S. and international economies could impact our results of operations. 

Unfavorable general
economic conditions, such as a recession or economic slowdown in the U.S. or in one or more of our other major markets, could negatively affect the affordability of and demand for some of our products and services. In difficult economic conditions,
consumers may seek to reduce discretionary spending by forgoing purchases of our products, electing to use fewer higher margin services or obtaining products and services under lower-cost programs offered by other companies. Similarly, under these
conditions the business customers that we serve in the U.S. and abroad may delay purchasing decisions, delay full implementation of service offerings or reduce their use of services. In addition, adverse economic conditions may lead to an increased
number of our consumer and business customers that are unable to pay for services. If these events were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We face significant competition that may reduce our market share and lower our profits. 

We face
significant competition in our industry. The rapid development of new technologies, services and products has eliminated the traditional distinctions between local, long distance, wireless, cable and Internet communication services and brought new
competitors to our markets, including other telephone companies, cable companies, wireless service providers, satellite providers, electric utilities, and providers of VoIP services. While these changes have enabled us to offer new types of
services, they have also allowed other service providers to broaden the scope of their own competitive offerings. Our ability to compete effectively will depend on, among other things, our network quality, capacity and coverage, the pricing of our
services and equipment, the quality of our customer service, our development of new and enhanced products and services, the reach and quality of our sales and distribution channels and our capital resources. It will also depend on how successfully
we anticipate and respond to various factors affecting our industry, including new technologies and business models, changes in consumer preferences, demographic trends and economic conditions. We are subject to more regulation and have higher cost
structures than many of our competitors, due in part to the presence of a unionized workforce and a large retiree population in our wireline business. In addition, while the workforce of our wireless business is almost entirely non-union, we cannot
predict what level of success unions may have in organizing this workforce or the potentially negative impact of such labor organizing on our costs. Accordingly, our competitors may be able to profitably offer services at lower prices. The resulting
pressure on the price of services we provide may result in reduced revenues and profits. 

If we are not able to take advantage of technological
developments in the telecommunications industry on a timely basis, we may experience a decline in a demand for our services or may be unable to implement our business strategy. 

Our industry is experiencing rapid change as new technologies are developed that offer consumers an array of choices for their communications needs. In order to grow and remain competitive, we
will need to adapt to future changes in technology, to enhance our existing offerings and introduce new offerings to address our customers’ changing demands. If we are unable to meet future advances in competing technologies on a timely basis
or at an acceptable cost, we could lose customers to our competitors. In general, the development of new services in our industry requires us to anticipate and respond to the varied and continually changing demands of our customers. We may not be
able to accurately predict technological trends or the success of new services in the market. In addition, there could be legal or regulatory restraints to our introduction of new services. If these services fail to gain acceptance in the
marketplace, or if costs associated with implementation and completion of the introduction of these services materially increase, our ability to retain and attract customers could be adversely affected. 

For example, we have selected Long Term Evolution technology (“LTE”) as our next-generation wireless network access technology. We expect this
new technology to enable us to offer a mobile data network with higher speeds and improved efficiencies. Other wireless service providers have announced their plans to adopt LTE as their next-generation technology, and we believe that it will become
the principal next-generation global standard. There are risks, however, that these other wireless service providers may delay their deployment of LTE or change their selection and adopt different next-generation technologies, including technologies
that are incompatible with ours. As a result, LTE may not become the principal next-generation global standard and may not provide us with the global scale, compatibility and other benefits that we expect in a timely manner or at all. In addition,
our ability to successfully deploy LTE on our network in a timely manner depends on various factors that are beyond our control. These include the risk that the technical standards required for the successful development and deployment of LTE may
not be established in a timely manner and the risk that our suppliers may be unable to manufacture and deliver LTE devices and network equipment on schedule and according to our specifications. Furthermore, our deployment of LTE may not occur, or
occur at the cost we have estimated. If these risks materialize, our ability to provide next generation wireless services to our customers, to retain and attract customers, and to maintain and grow our customer revenues could be materially adversely
affected. 

14 

Table of Contents

We depend on key suppliers and vendors to provide equipment that we need to operate our business. 

We depend upon various key suppliers and vendors to provide us with the equipment that we need to operate our business. If these suppliers or vendors
fail to provide equipment or service to us on a timely basis or fail to meet our performance expectations, we may be unable to provide services to our customers in a competitive manner or continue to maintain or upgrade our networks. Because of the
costs and time lags that can be associated with transitioning from one supplier to another, our business could be substantially disrupted if we were required to, or chose to, replace the products or services of one or more major suppliers with
products or services from another source, especially if the replacement became necessary on short notice. Any such disruption could increase our costs, decrease our operating efficiencies and have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations and financial condition. 

The suppliers and vendors on which we rely may also be subject to litigation with respect to
technology on which we depend, including litigation involving claims of patent infringement. Such claims have been growing rapidly in the communications industry. We are unable to predict whether our business will be affected by any such litigation.
We expect our dependence on key suppliers to continue as we develop and introduce more advanced generations of technology. 

Changes in the regulatory
framework under which we operate could adversely affect our business prospects or results of operations. 

Our domestic operations are
subject to regulation by the FCC and other federal, state and local agencies, and our international operations are regulated by various foreign governments and international bodies. These regulatory regimes frequently restrict our ability to operate
in or provide specified products or services in designated areas, require that we maintain licenses for our operations and conduct our operations in accordance with prescribed standards. We are frequently involved in regulatory proceedings related
to the application of these requirements. It is impossible to predict with any certainty the outcome of pending federal and state regulatory proceedings relating to our provision of retail or wholesale services, or the reviews by federal or state
courts of regulatory rulings. Unless we are able to obtain appropriate relief, existing laws and regulations may inhibit our ability to expand our business and introduce new products and services. Similarly, we cannot guarantee that we will be
successful at obtaining the licenses we need to carry out our business strategy or in maintaining our existing licenses. For example, the FCC grants wireless licenses for terms generally lasting 10 years that are subject to renewal, and there is no
guarantee that our licenses will be renewed. The loss of, or a material limitation on, certain of our licenses could have a material adverse effect on our wireless business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The adoption of new laws or regulations or changes to the existing regulatory framework could also adversely affect our business plans. For example, the
development of new technologies, such as Internet Protocol-based services, including VoIP and super high-speed broadband and video, could be subject to conflicting regulation between the FCC and various state and local authorities, which could
significantly increase the cost of implementing and introducing new services based on this technology. In addition, the FCC has several proceedings pending that are considering the imposition of additional requirements on wireless services, such as
rules restricting the ways in which we can manage the use of our network. These rules, if adopted, could impose additional costs on us and potentially impede our ability to operate our wireless network in a manner that would be attractive to us and
our customers. The FCC has also initiated a number of proceedings to evaluate its rules and policies regarding spectrum licensing and usage that could adversely impact our utilization of our licensed spectrum and our operational costs. At the state
level, the rapid growth of the wireless industry has led to an increase in efforts by some state legislatures and state public utility commissions to regulate the industry in ways that may impose additional costs on our wireless business. Moreover,
many states have also imposed significant taxes on providers in the wireless industry. 

Increases in costs for pension benefits and active and retiree
healthcare benefits may reduce our profitability and increase our funding commitments. 

With approximately 223,900 employees and
approximately 213,000 retirees who participate in our benefit plans, the costs of pension benefits and active and retiree healthcare benefits have a significant impact on our profitability. Our costs of maintaining these plans, and the future
funding requirements for these plans, are affected by several factors including increases in healthcare costs, decreases in investment returns on funds held by our pension and other benefit plan trusts and changes in the discount rate used to
calculate pension and other postretirement expenses. If we are unable to limit future increases in costs associated with our benefit plans, those costs could reduce our profitability and increase our funding commitments. 

Natural or man-made disasters could have an adverse effect on our business. 

Natural disasters, terrorist acts, acts of war, cyber attacks or other breaches of network or information technology security may cause equipment failures or disrupt our operations. While we
maintain insurance coverage for some of these events, the potential liabilities associated with these events could exceed the insurance coverage we maintain. Our inability to operate our wireline or wireless networks as a result of such
events, even for a limited period of time, may result in significant expenses and/or loss of market share to other communications providers, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

Adverse changes in the credit markets could increase our borrowing costs and the availability of financing. 

We require a significant amount of capital to operate and grow our business. We fund our capital needs in part through borrowings in the public and
private credit markets. Adverse changes in the credit markets, including increases in interest rates, could increase our cost of borrowing and make it more difficult for us to obtain financing for our operations. In addition, our borrowing costs can
be affected by short and long-term debt ratings assigned by independent rating agencies which are based, in significant part, on our performance as measured by customary credit metrics. A decrease in these ratings would likely increase our cost of
borrowing and/or make it more difficult for us to obtain financing. The recent disruption in the global financial markets has also impacted some of the financial institutions with which we do business. A sustained decline in the stability of
financial institutions could affect our access to financing. 

15 

Table of Contents

We are subject to a significant amount of litigation, which could require us to pay significant damages or
settlements. 

Our business faces a substantial amount of litigation, including, from time to time, patent infringement lawsuits,
antitrust class actions, wage and hour class actions, personal injury claims and lawsuits relating to our advertising, sales, billing and collection practices. In addition, our wireless business also faces personal injury and consumer class action
lawsuits relating to alleged health effects of wireless phones or radio frequency transmitters, and class action lawsuits that challenge marketing practices and disclosures relating to alleged adverse health effects of handheld wireless phones. We
may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits. In addition, we may be required to pay significant awards or settlements. 

If we are not
able to successfully integrate Alltel into our business, we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of this acquisition. 

We expect to
gain certain benefits from the Alltel acquisition, including increased revenues, market penetration in Alltel’s service areas, expansion of our network footprint and certain operating efficiencies and synergies. Achievement of these expected
benefits will depend on our efforts to integrate Alltel into our business. The challenges we may face in connection with these integration efforts include developing and deploying next generation wireless technology across the combined network and
combining product and service offerings, customer plans and sales and marketing approaches. If we do not successfully integrate Alltel in a cost effective manner, we may not realize any or all of the anticipated benefits of the acquisition and our
financial results may be adversely affected.