The following discussion of “Risk
Factors” identifies the most significant factors that may adversely affect our business, operations, financial position or future performance. This information should be read in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this report. The following discussion of risks is not all-inclusive but is designed to highlight what we believe are
important factors to consider when evaluating our business and expectations. These factors could cause our future results to differ materially from our historical results and from expectations reflected in forward-looking statements. 

Adverse conditions in the U.S. and international economies could impact our results of operations. 

Unfavorable general economic conditions, such as a recession or economic slowdown in the United States or in one or more of our other
major markets, could negatively affect the affordability of and demand for some of our products and services. In difficult economic conditions, consumers may seek to reduce discretionary spending by forgoing purchases of our products, electing to
use fewer higher margin services or obtaining products and services under lower-cost programs offered by other companies. Similarly, under these conditions the business customers that we serve in the United States and abroad may delay purchasing
decisions, delay full implementation of service offerings or reduce their use of services. In addition, adverse economic conditions may lead to an increased number of our consumer and business customers that are unable to pay for services. If these
events were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We face significant competition that may
reduce our market share and lower our profits. 

We face significant competition in our industry. The rapid development of
new technologies, services and products has eliminated the traditional distinctions between local, long distance, wireless, cable and Internet communication services and brought new competitors to our markets, including other telephone companies,
cable companies, wireless service providers, satellite providers, application and device providers, electric utilities, and providers of VoIP services. While these changes have enabled us to offer new types of services, they have also allowed other
service providers to broaden the scope of their own competitive offerings. Our ability to compete effectively will depend on, among other things, our network quality, capacity and coverage, the pricing of our services and equipment, the quality of
our customer service, our development of new and enhanced products and services, the reach and quality of our sales and distribution channels and our capital resources. It will also depend on how successfully we anticipate and respond to various
factors affecting our industry, including new technologies and business models, changes in consumer preferences and demand for existing services, demographic trends and economic conditions. If we are not able to successfully respond to these
competitive challenges, we could lose market share and experience reduced profits. 

If we are not able to take advantage of technological
developments in the telecommunications industry on a timely basis, we may experience a decline in the demand for our services or may be unable to implement our business strategy. 

Our industry is experiencing rapid change as new technologies are developed that offer consumers an array of choices for their
communications needs. In order to grow and remain competitive, we will need to adapt to future changes in technology, to enhance our existing offerings and introduce new offerings to address our customers’ changing demands. If we are unable to
meet future advances in competing technologies on a timely basis or at an acceptable cost, we could lose customers to our competitors. In general, the development of new services in our industry requires us to anticipate and respond to the varied
and continually changing demands of our customers. We may not be able to accurately predict technological trends or the success of new services in the market. In addition, there could be legal or regulatory restraints to our introduction of new
services. If these services fail to gain acceptance in the marketplace, or if costs associated with implementation and completion of the introduction of these services materially increase, our ability to retain and attract customers could be
adversely affected. 

For example, we have selected Long Term Evolution technology (LTE) as our next-generation wireless
network access technology. We expect this new technology to enable us to offer a mobile data network with higher speeds and improved efficiencies. Other wireless service providers have announced their plans to adopt LTE as their next-generation
technology, and we believe that it will become the principal next-generation global standard. There are risks, however, that these other wireless service providers may delay their deployment of LTE or change their selection and adopt different
next-generation technologies, including technologies that are incompatible with ours. As a result, LTE may not become the principal next-generation global standard and may not provide us with the global scale, compatibility and other benefits that
we expect in a timely manner or at all. In addition, our ability to deploy LTE on our network successfully and in a timely manner depends on various factors that are beyond our control, including the risk that our suppliers may be unable to
manufacture and deliver LTE devices and network equipment on schedule and according to our specifications. Furthermore, our deployment of LTE may not occur at the cost we have estimated. If these risks materialize, our ability to provide next
generation wireless services to our customers, to retain and attract customers, and to maintain and grow our customer revenues could be materially adversely affected. 

17 

Table of Contents

We depend on key suppliers and vendors to provide equipment that we need to operate our business.

We depend on various key suppliers and vendors to provide us, directly or through other suppliers, with equipment and
services, such as switch and network equipment, handsets and other devices and equipment, that we need in order to operate our business and provide products to our customers. For example, our handset and other device suppliers often rely on one
vendor for the manufacture and supply of critical components, such as chipsets, used in their devices. If these suppliers or vendors fail to provide equipment or service on a timely basis or fail to meet our performance expectations, we may be
unable to provide products and services as and when requested by our customers. We also may be unable to continue to maintain or upgrade our networks. Because of the costs and time lags that can be associated with transitioning from one supplier to
another, our business could be substantially disrupted if we were required to, or chose to, replace the products or services of one or more major suppliers with products or services from another source, especially if the replacement became necessary
on short notice. Any such disruption could increase our costs, decrease our operating efficiencies and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The suppliers and vendors on which we rely may also be subject to litigation with respect to technology on which we depend, including
litigation involving claims of patent infringement. Such claims have been growing rapidly in the communications industry. We are unable to predict whether our business will be affected by any such litigation. We expect our dependence on key
suppliers to continue as we develop and introduce more advanced generations of technology. 

Changes in the regulatory framework under which
we operate could adversely affect our business prospects or results of operations. 

Our domestic operations are subject to
regulation by the FCC and other federal, state and local agencies, and our international operations are regulated by various foreign governments and international bodies. These regulatory regimes frequently restrict our ability to operate in or
provide specified products or services in designated areas, require that we maintain licenses for our operations and conduct our operations in accordance with prescribed standards. We are frequently involved in regulatory and non-regulatory
governmental proceedings related to the application of these requirements. It is impossible to predict with any certainty the outcome of pending federal and state regulatory proceedings relating to our operations, or the reviews by federal or state
courts of regulatory rulings. Unless we are able to obtain appropriate relief, existing laws and regulations may inhibit our ability to expand our business and introduce new products and services. Similarly, we cannot guarantee that we will be
successful at obtaining the licenses we need to carry out our business strategy or in maintaining our existing licenses. For example, the FCC grants wireless licenses for terms generally lasting 10 years that are subject to renewal. The loss of, or
a material limitation on, certain of our licenses could have a material adverse effect on our wireless business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The adoption of new laws or regulations or changes to the existing regulatory framework at the federal or state level could also adversely affect our business plans. New regulations could restrict the
ways in which we can manage our wireline and wireless networks, impose additional costs, impair revenue opportunities, and potentially impede our ability to provide services in a manner that would be attractive to us and our customers. For example,
the development of new technologies, such as IP-based services, including VoIP and super high-speed broadband and video, could be subject to conflicting regulation between the FCC and various state and local authorities, which could significantly
increase the cost of implementing and introducing new services based on this technology. 

As the holder of 700 MHz C Block
licenses, we are required to comply with certain “open access” regulations that the FCC has imposed on all licensees of 700 MHz C Block spectrum. These rules require us to allow customers to use devices and applications of their choice on
the LTE network we are deploying on that spectrum, including those obtained from sources other than us or our distributors or dealers, subject to certain technical limitations established by us. The FCC has not yet finally determined what level of
access will satisfy the “open access” requirements. Once finally determined, these requirements may increase the costs or limit the revenue-generating potential associated with our use of the C block. In addition, on December 21,
2010, the FCC adopted an order in which it imposed so-called “net neutrality” rules that it describes as intended to preserve the openness of the Internet. These new rules limit the ways that a broadband Internet access service provider
can manage its network and the services it can provide over the network. Given that the scope of the restrictions and many critical terms in this order are not fully defined and given that the order creates procedural mechanisms for parties to
complain of violations of the order, it is reasonable to expect litigation to resolve ambiguities, which could lead to yet further regulation. The regulation of broadband activities and any related court decisions could restrict our ability to
compete in the marketplace and limit the return we can expect to achieve on past and future investments in our broadband networks. 

Natural
disasters, terrorist attacks or breaches of network or information technology security could have an adverse effect on our business. 

Natural disasters, terrorist acts, acts of war, cyber attacks or other breaches of network or information technology (IT) security may cause equipment failures or disrupt our
operations. While we maintain insurance coverage for some of these events, the potential liabilities associated with these events could exceed the insurance coverage we maintain. Our inability to operate our wireline or wireless
networks as a result of such events, even for a limited period of time, may result in significant expenses and/or loss of market share to other communications providers. In addition, a failure to protect the privacy of customer and employee
confidential data against breaches of network or IT security could result in damage to our reputation. Any of these occurrences could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

18 

Table of Contents

Adverse changes in the credit markets could increase our borrowing costs and the availability of
financing. 

We require a significant amount of capital to operate and grow our business. We fund our capital needs in part
through borrowings in the public and private credit markets. Adverse changes in the credit markets, including increases in interest rates, could increase our cost of borrowing and make it more difficult for us to obtain financing for our operations.
In addition, our borrowing costs can be affected by short and long-term debt ratings assigned by independent rating agencies which are based, in significant part, on our performance as measured by customary credit metrics. A decrease in these
ratings would likely increase our cost of borrowing and/or make it more difficult for us to obtain financing. A severe disruption in the global financial markets could impact some of the financial institutions with which we do business, and such
instability could affect our access to financing. 

Increases in costs for pension benefits and active and retiree healthcare benefits may
reduce our profitability and increase our funding commitments. 

With approximately 194,400 employees and approximately
215,400 retirees as of December 31, 2010 participating in Verizon’s benefit plans, the costs of pension benefits and active and retiree healthcare benefits have a significant impact on our profitability. Our costs of maintaining these
plans, and the future funding requirements for these plans, are affected by several factors including the recently enacted Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, the enactment of any
similar health care reform measures at the state level, increases in healthcare costs, decreases in investment returns on funds held by our pension and other benefit plan trusts and changes in the discount rate used to calculate pension and other
postretirement expenses. If we are unable to limit future increases in the costs of our benefit plans, those costs could reduce our profitability and increase our funding commitments. 

A significant portion of our workforce is represented by labor unions and we could incur additional costs or experience work stoppages as a result of the renegotiation of our labor contracts or
additional organizing activity. 

As of December 31, 2010, approximately 30% of our workforce was represented by labor
unions. Labor contracts covering many of our employees will expire in 2011. Accordingly, in 2011, we will be engaged in negotiations with our labor unions regarding new contracts. Depending on the outcome of these negotiations, we could incur
additional costs and/or experience lengthy work stoppages, which could adversely affect our business operations, including a loss of revenue and strained relationships with customers, and we cannot predict the length of any such work stoppage. In
addition, while the workforce of our wireless business is almost entirely non-union, we cannot predict what level of success unions may have in organizing this workforce or the potentially negative impact it would have on our costs. 

We are subject to a significant amount of litigation, which could require us to pay significant damages or settlements. 

Our business faces a substantial amount of litigation, including, from time to time, patent infringement lawsuits, antitrust class
actions, wage and hour class actions, personal injury claims and lawsuits relating to our advertising, sales, billing and collection practices. In addition, our wireless business also faces personal injury and consumer class action lawsuits relating
to alleged health effects of wireless phones or radio frequency transmitters, and class action lawsuits that challenge marketing practices and disclosures relating to alleged adverse health effects of handheld wireless phones. We may incur
significant expenses in defending these lawsuits. In addition, we may be required to pay significant awards or settlements.