.

 An investment in Wachovia’s securities may involve risks
 due to the nature of the businesses we engage in and activities
 related to those businesses. The following are the most
 significant risks associated with those businesses or activities:

 Business risk. Wachovia’s business model is
 based on a diversified mix of businesses that provide a broad
 range of financial products and services, delivered through
 multiple distribution channels. Wachovia’s diversified
 businesses are subject to a wide range of competition, ranging
 from smaller community banking institutions, financial advisors
 and investment advisors to large, diversified, multi-national
 financial services providers. Risks associated with our business
 model include:

 •  

 the timely development of competitive new products and services
 by Wachovia and the acceptance of these products and services by
 new and existing customers;

 •  

 the willingness of customers to accept third party products
 marketed by Wachovia;

 •  

 the willingness of customers to substitute competitors’
 products and services for Wachovia’s products and services
 and vice versa;

 •  

 the impact of changes in financial services’ laws and
 regulations (including laws concerning taxes, banking,
 securities and insurance);

 •  

 technological changes; and

 •  

 changes in consumer spending and saving habits.

 Credit risk. Wachovia is one of the nation’s
 largest lenders, and the credit quality of our portfolio can
 have a significant impact on our earnings. Credit risk is the
 risk of loss due to adverse changes in a borrower’s

 ability to meet its financial obligations under agreed upon
 terms. Risks associated with our credit quality include:

 •  

 the strength of the United States economy in general and the
 strength of the local economies in which Wachovia conducts
 operations may be different than expected resulting in, among
 other things, a deterioration in credit quality or a reduced
 demand for credit, including the resultant effect on
 Wachovia’s loan portfolio and allowance for loan
 losses; and

 •  

 adverse changes in the financial performance
 and/or
 condition of Wachovia’s borrowers which could impact
 repayment of such borrowers’ outstanding loans.

 Market risk. Wachovia’s businesses are subject
 to market risk. The components of market risk are interest rate
 risk inherent in our balance sheet, price risk in our principal
 investing portfolio and market value risk in our trading
 portfolios. Risks associated with managing market risk include:

 •  

 the effects of, and changes in, trade, monetary and fiscal
 policies and laws, including interest rate policies of the
 Federal Reserve Board;

 •  

 inflation, interest rate, market and monetary
 fluctuations; and

 •  

 adverse conditions in the stock market, the public debt market
 and other capital markets (including changes in interest rate
 conditions) and the impact of such conditions on Wachovia’s
 capital markets and capital management activities, including,
 without limitation, Wachovia’s mergers and acquisition
 advisory business, equity and debt underwriting activities,
 private equity investment activities, derivative securities
 activities, investment and wealth management advisory
 businesses, and brokerage activities.

 Operational risk. Operational risk is the risk of
 loss from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and
 systems or from external events. Risks associated with
 operational risk include:

 •  

 unanticipated regulatory or judicial proceedings or rulings;

 •  

 matters impacting our business or ethical reputation;

 •  

 the impact of changes in accounting principles;

 •  

 the impact on Wachovia’s businesses of various domestic or
 international military or terrorist activities or
 conflicts; and

 •  

 Wachovia’s success at managing all of these risks.

 Acquisitions and divestitures. When consistent with
 our overall business strategy, we may consider disposing of
 certain assets, branches, subsidiaries or lines of business. We
 continue to routinely explore acquisition opportunities in areas
 that would complement our core businesses, and frequently
 conduct due diligence activities in connection with possible
 acquisitions. As a result, acquisition discussions and, in some
 cases, negotiations frequently take place and future
 acquisitions involving cash, debt or equity securities could
 occur. In the event Wachovia engages in acquisitions or
 divestitures, there are risks involved. Risks associated with
 acquisitions and divestitures include:

 •  

 the risk that the businesses proposed to be acquired or divested
 will not be integrated successfully or such integration may be
 more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected;

 •  

 the risk that expected revenue synergies and cost savings from
 the businesses proposed to be acquired may not be fully realized
 or realized within the expected time frames;

 •  

 the risk that revenues following the proposed acquisition may be
 lower than expected; and

 •  

 the risk that deposit attrition, operating costs, customer loss
 and business disruption following the proposed acquisition,
 including, without limitation, difficulties in maintaining
 relationships with employees, may be greater than expected.