The
 risks
 described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
 condition and results of operations. These risks are not the only risks that
 we
 face. Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors
 that
 are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial
 to
 our operations.

The
 retail drug store and pharmacy benefit services industries are highly
 competitive and further increases in competition could adversely affect us.

We
 face
 intense competition with local, regional and national companies, including
 other
 drug store chains, independent drug stores, mail-order prescription providers
 and various other retailers such as grocery stores, convenience stores, mass
 merchants and dollar stores, many of which are aggressively expanding in markets
 we serve. In the pharmacy benefit services industry, our competitors include
 large national and regional pharmacy benefit managers and insurance companies
 and managed care providers, some of which are owned by or have affiliations
 with
 our retail drug store competitors. As competition increases in the markets
 in
 which we operate, a significant increase in general pricing pressures could
 occur, which could require us to reevaluate our pricing structures to remain
 competitive. Our failure to reduce prices could result in decreased revenue,
 and
 reducing prices without also reducing costs could negatively affect profits.

Reductions
 in third-party reimbursement levels, from private or government plans, for
 prescription drugs could reduce our margin on pharmacy sales and could have
 a
 significant effect on our retail drug store profits. 

The
 continued efforts of health maintenance organizations, managed care
 organizations, pharmacy benefit management companies, government entities,
 and
 other third-party payors to reduce prescription drug costs and pharmacy
 reimbursement rates may impact our profitability.  On February 8, 2006, the
 President signed into law the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005, which seeks to
 reduce federal spending by altering the Medicaid reimbursement formula for
 multi-source (i.e., generic) drugs. These changes are expected to result in
 reduced Medicaid reimbursement rates for retail pharmacies. In addition, the
 President’s proposed budget for fiscal year 2007 contains further reductions in
 the Medicaid reimbursement formula for multi-source drugs. We cannot determine
 the impact at this time. Reduced reimbursement rates could adversely affect
 our
 revenues and profits.

We
 are subject to governmental regulations, procedures and requirements. A
 significant change in, or noncompliance with, these regulations could have
 a
 material adverse effect on profitability. 

Our
 retail drug store and pharmacy benefit services businesses are subject to
 numerous federal, state and local regulations. Changes in these regulations
 may
 require extensive system and operating changes that may be difficult to
 implement. Untimely compliance or noncompliance with applicable regulations
 could result in the imposition of civil and criminal penalties that could
 adversely affect the continued operation of our business, including: suspension
 of payments from government programs; loss of required government
 certifications; loss of authorizations to participate in or exclusion from
 government reimbursement programs, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs;
 loss of licenses; or significant fines or monetary penalties, and could
 adversely affect the continued operation of our business.

The
 regulations to which we are subject include, but are not limited to: federal,
 state and local registration and regulation of pharmacies; applicable Medicare
 and Medicaid regulations; the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
 Act, or HIPAA; accounting standards; tax laws and regulations; laws and
 regulations relating to the protection of the environment and health and safety
 matters, including those governing exposure to, and the management and disposal
 of, hazardous substances; regulations of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration,
 the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, the Drug Enforcement Administration, and
 the
 Consumer Product Safety Commission, as well as state regulatory authorities,
 governing the sale, advertisement and promotion of products we sell;
 anti-kickback laws; false claims laws; and federal and state laws governing
 the
 practice of the profession of pharmacy. Furthermore, the frequency and rate
 of
 FDA approval of new brand name and generic prescription drugs or of additional
 existing prescription drugs for over-the-counter sales could have an impact
 on
 our revenues and profitability.

 -6-

 Our
 ability to hire and retain pharmacy personnel is important to the continued
 success of our business. 

As
 our
 business expands, we believe that our future success will depend greatly
 on our
 continued ability to attract and retain skilled and qualified pharmacists.
 The
 retail drug store industry is experiencing an ongoing shortage of licensed
 pharmacists. This has resulted in continued upward pressure on pharmacist
 compensation packages. Although we generally have been able to meet our
 pharmacist staffing requirements in the past, any future inability to do
 so
 could limit our ability to offer extended pharmacy hours and negatively impact
 our revenue and our ability to deliver high levels of customer service.

Should
 a product liability issue or personal injury issue arise, inadequate product
 or
 other liability insurance coverage or our inability to maintain such insurance
 may result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.

Products
 that we sell could become subject to contamination, product tampering,
 mislabeling or other damage. In addition, errors in the dispensing and packaging
 of pharmaceuticals could lead to serious injury. Product liability or personal
 injury claims may be asserted against us with respect to any of the products
 or
 pharmaceuticals we sell or services we provide. Should a product or other
 liability issue arise, the coverage limits under our insurance programs and
 the
 indemnification amounts available to us may not be adequate to protect us
 against claims. We also may not be able to maintain this insurance on acceptable
 terms in the future. Damage to our reputation in the event of a product
 liability or personal injury issue or judgment against us or a product recall
 could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results
 of
 operations.

Our
 ability to grow our business may be constrained by our inability to find
 suitable new store locations at acceptable prices or by the expiration of our
 current leases. 

Our
 ability to grow our business may be constrained if suitable new store locations
 cannot be identified with lease terms or purchase prices that are acceptable
 to
 us. We compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations for
 our stores. Local land use and other regulations applicable to the types of
 stores we desire to construct may impact our ability to find suitable locations
 and influence the cost of constructing our stores. The expiration of leases
 at
 existing store locations may adversely affect us if the renewal terms of those
 leases are unacceptable to us and we are forced to close or relocate stores.
 Further, changing local demographics at existing store locations may adversely
 affect revenue and profitability levels at those stores. 

Changes
 in economic conditions could adversely affect consumer buying practices and
 reduce our revenues and profitability. 

Our
 performance may be negatively influenced by changes in national, regional or
 local economic conditions and consumer confidence. External factors that affect
 consumer confidence and over which we exercise no influence include unemployment
 rates, levels of personal disposable income, national, regional or local
 economic conditions, the introduction of new merchandise or brand and generic
 prescription drugs, and acts of war or terrorism. Changes in economic conditions
 and consumer confidence could adversely affect consumer preferences, purchasing
 power and spending patterns. A decrease in overall consumer spending as a result
 of changes in economic conditions could adversely affect our front-end sales.
 Profit margins are greater on front-end sales than on pharmacy sales, and any
 decrease in sales of front-end products would have a negative impact on our
 profitability. Acts of war or terrorism may cause damage to our facilities,
 disrupt the supply of the products and services we offer in our stores or
 adversely impact consumer demand. All these factors could impact our revenues,
 operating results and financial condition.

There
 are a number of business risks which could adversely affect our financial
 results.

Our
 success depends on our ability to establish effective advertising, marketing
 and
 promotional programs. If we are unsuccessful in our advertising and
 merchandising strategies, sales could be negatively affected. Our success also
 depends on our continued ability to attract and retain store and management
 personnel, and the loss of key personnel could have an adverse effect on the
 results of our operations, financial condition or cash flow. We also may not
 be
 able to successfully and timely implement new computer systems and technology,
 or may experience system disruptions or delays, which could adversely impact
 our
 operations and our ability to attract and retain customers. Furthermore, the
 products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international
 vendors, and any future inability to find qualified vendors and access products
 in a timely and efficient manner could adversely impact our business.

 -7-