In addition to the other information in this report and our other filings with the SEC, you should carefully consider the risks described below, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These risks are not the only risks that we face. Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations.

Reductions in third party reimbursement levels, from private or government plans, for prescription drugs could reduce our margin on pharmacy sales and could have a significant effect on our retail drugstore profits.

The continued efforts of health maintenance organizations, managed care organizations, pharmacy benefit management companies, government entities, and other third party payers to reduce prescription drug costs and pharmacy reimbursement rates, as well as litigation relating to how drugs are priced, may adversely impact our profitability.  In addition, some of these entities may offer pricing terms that we may not be willing to accept or otherwise restrict our participation in their networks of pharmacy providers.  Certain provisions of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (the DRA) sought to reduce federal spending by altering the Medicaid reimbursement formula for multi-source (i.e., generic) drugs (AMP).  Those reductions did not go into effect.  The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act signed into law on March 23, 2010 (the ACA) enacted a modified reimbursement formula for multi-source drugs.  The modified formula, when implemented, is expected to reduce Medicaid reimbursements, which could adversely affect our revenues and profits.

4

Table of Contents

We derive a significant portion of our sales from prescription drug sales reimbursed by pharmacy benefit management companies.

We derive a significant portion of our sales from prescription drug sales reimbursed through prescription drug plans administered by pharmacy benefit management (PBM) companies.    PBM companies typically administer multiple prescription drug plans that expire at various times and provide for varying reimbursement rates.  If our participation in the prescription drug programs administered by one or more of the large PBM companies is restricted or terminated, we expect that our sales would be adversely affected, at least in the short term.  If we are unable to replace any such lost sales, either through an increase in other sales or through a resumption of participation in those plans, our operating results may be materially adversely affected.

Our profitability can be adversely affected by a decrease in the introduction of new brand name and generic prescription drugs.

Our sales and profit margins are affected by the introduction of new brand name and generic drugs.  New brand name drugs can result in increased drug utilization and associated sales revenues, while the introduction of lower priced generic alternatives typically result in higher gross profit margins.  Accordingly, a decrease in the number of significant new drugs or generics successfully introduced could adversely affect our results of operations.

Changes in economic conditions could adversely affect consumer buying practices and reduce our revenues and profitability.

Our performance has been, and may continue to be, adversely impacted by negative changes in national, regional or local economic conditions and consumer confidence. The current economic environment has had a material impact on consumer behavior that could persist even as the economy starts to recover.  External factors that affect consumer confidence and over which we exercise no influence include unemployment rates, levels of personal disposable income, national, regional or local economic conditions and acts of war or terrorism. Changes in economic conditions and consumer confidence could adversely affect consumer preferences, purchasing power and spending patterns. A decrease in overall consumer spending as a result of changes in economic conditions could adversely affect our front-end and pharmacy sales and negatively impact our profitability. All these factors could impact our revenues, operating results and financial condition.

The industries in which we operate are highly competitive and further increases in competition could adversely affect us.

In our retail pharmacy business, we face intense competition from local, regional and national companies, including other drug store chains, independent drug stores, mail-order prescription providers and various other retailers such as grocery stores, convenience stores, mass merchants and dollar stores, many of which are aggressively expanding in markets we serve.  In the other markets in which we compete, including pharmacy benefit services and health services, we also operate in a highly competitive environment.  As competition increases in the markets in which we operate, a significant increase in general pricing pressures could occur, which could require us to reevaluate our pricing structures to remain competitive.  Our failure to reduce prices could result in decreased revenue, and reducing prices without also reducing costs could negatively affect profits.

If the merchandise and services that we offer fail to meet customer needs, our sales may be affected.

Our success depends on our ability to offer a superior shopping experience, a quality assortment of available merchandise and superior customer service. We must identify, obtain supplies of, and offer to our customers, attractive, innovative and high-quality merchandise on a continuous basis. Our products and services must satisfy the needs and desires of our customers, whose preferences may change in the future.  If we misjudge either the demand for products and services we sell or our customers’ purchasing habits and tastes, we may be faced with excess inventories of some products and missed opportunities for products and services we chose not to offer.  In addition, our sales may decline or we may be required to sell the merchandise we have obtained at lower prices. This would have a negative effect on our business and results of operations.

Our strategy is dependent, in part, upon the successful implementation of various strategic initiatives.

While our overall business strategy consists of many components and underlying initiatives our long-term financial performance will be impacted by our ability to execute certain key initiatives.  If we are unable to effectively execute one or more of these key initiatives, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.

5

Table of Contents

Our ability to grow our business may be constrained by our inability to find suitable new store locations at acceptable prices or by the expiration of our current leases.

Our ability to grow our business may be constrained if suitable new store locations cannot be identified with lease terms or purchase prices that are acceptable to us. We compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations for our stores. Local land use and other regulations applicable to the types of stores we desire to construct may impact our ability to find suitable locations and influence the cost of constructing our stores. The expiration of leases at existing store locations may adversely affect us if the renewal terms of those leases are unacceptable to us and we are forced to close or relocate stores. Further, changing local demographics at existing store locations may adversely affect revenue and profitability levels at those stores.

Our growth strategy is partially dependent upon acquisitions, some of which may not prove to be successful and carry risks.

We have grown our business, in part, through acquisitions in recent years and expect to continue to acquire drugstore chains, independent drugstores and related businesses in the future. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including difficulties in integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired companies, distraction of management from overseeing our existing operations, difficulties in entering markets in which we have no or limited direct prior experience, and difficulties in achieving the synergies we anticipated. Acquisitions may also cause us to significantly increase our interest expense, leverage and debt service requirements if we incur additional debt to pay for an acquisition, issue common stock that would dilute our current shareholders’ percentage ownership, or incur write-offs and restructuring and other related expenses.  No assurance can be given that our acquisitions will be successful and will not materially adversely affect our results of operations.

Various factors could adversely affect our achievement of the cost savings targeted by our Rewiring for Growth restructuring.

On October 30, 2008 we announced our “Rewiring for Growth” initiative (RFG) designed to reduce cost and improve productivity.  We also announced a goal of saving pre-tax costs equal to $500 million in FY2010, which we have achieved, and $1 billion in FY2011 through this initiative. While we believe we are on track to achieve the targeted savings, RFG is a multi-faceted initiative, and numerous elements have to remain on track for us to achieve our overall cost-saving goals.  A shortfall or delay in a single element of RFG could cause the Company to fall short of the overall goal, unless offset by better-than-expected savings in other areas.

In general, we expect our savings from the components of the RFG initiative to increase in FY2011, but the rate of progress may be uneven and there is no assurance that the savings or net benefits achieved in any specific quarter will exceed the prior quarter results or meet analyst or investor expectations.  Because the Company does not give specific earnings guidance, analysts and investors might incorrectly estimate what our selling, general and administrative expenses will be as they try to take into account our RFG cost savings in one or more quarters over the course of FY2011, even if we achieve our targeted savings.  If the resulting market expectations exceed our actual results, the perceived earnings disappointment could cause our stock price to drop even if the targeted savings are achieved.

Because our senior management manages the Company with the broader goal of maximizing overall return for our shareholders, the pursuit of other important business objectives could cause us to change, defer or cancel one or more elements of the RFG initiative, which could prevent us from realizing the targeted savings, on the targeted timeframe or at all.

Changes in the health care regulatory environment may adversely affect our business.

The ACA and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 were signed into law on March 23, 2010 and March 30, 2010, respectively.  A number of the provisions of those laws require rulemaking action by governmental agencies to implement, which has not yet occurred.  Future rulemaking could increase regulation of pharmacy services, result in changes to pharmacy reimbursement rates, and otherwise change the way we do business. We cannot predict the timing or impact of any future rulemaking, but any such rulemaking could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.

6

Table of Contents

We are subject to governmental regulations and procedures and other legal requirements. A significant change in, or noncompliance with, these regulations, procedures and requirements could have a material adverse effect on profitability.

Our retail drugstore, pharmacy benefit and health services businesses are subject to numerous federal, state and local regulations. Changes in these regulations may require extensive system and operating changes that may be difficult to implement. Untimely compliance or noncompliance with applicable regulations could result in the imposition of civil and criminal penalties that could adversely affect the continued operation of our business, including: suspension of payments from government programs; loss of required government certifications; loss of authorizations to participate in or exclusion from government reimbursement programs, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; loss of licenses; or significant fines or monetary penalties, and could adversely affect the continued operation of our business. The regulations to which we are subject include, but are not limited to: federal, state and local registration and regulation of pharmacies; applicable Medicare and Medicaid regulations; the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA; accounting standards; tax laws and regulations; laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and health and safety matters, including those governing exposure to, and the management and disposal of, hazardous substances; regulations of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, the Drug Enforcement Administration, and the Consumer Product Safety Commission, as well as state regulatory authorities, governing the sale, advertisement and promotion of products we sell; anti-kickback laws; false claims laws; laws against the corporate practice of medicine; and federal and state laws governing the practice of the profession of pharmacy. In addition, we are party to a Corporate Integrity Agreement with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services under which we have agreed to maintain a corporate compliance program.  We are also governed by federal and state laws of general applicability, including laws regulating matters of working conditions, health and safety and equal employment opportunity.  In addition, we could have exposure if we are found to have infringed another party's intellectual property rights.

Should a product liability issue, recall or personal injury issue arise, inadequate product or other liability insurance coverage or our inability to maintain such insurance may result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.

Products that we sell could become subject to contamination, product tampering, mislabeling, recall or other damage. In addition, errors in the dispensing and packaging of pharmaceuticals could lead to serious injury. Product liability or personal injury claims may be asserted against us with respect to any of the products or pharmaceuticals we sell or services we provide. Our health and wellness business also involves exposure to professional liability claims related to medical care.  Should a product or other liability issue arise, the coverage limits under our insurance programs and the indemnification amounts available to us may not be adequate to protect us against claims. We also may not be able to maintain this insurance on acceptable terms in the future. Damage to our reputation in the event of a product liability or personal injury issue or judgment against us or a product recall could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Our credit ratings are important to our cost of capital and lease terms for our stores.

The major credit rating agencies have given us and our corporate debt investment grade credit ratings. These ratings are based on a number of factors, which include our financial strength and financial policies. We aim to maintain our high ratings as they serve to lower our borrowing costs and facilitate our access to a variety of lenders and other creditors, including landlords for our leased stores, on terms that we consider advantageous to our business.  Failure to maintain our credit ratings could adversely affect our cost of funds, liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets.

There are a number of additional business risks which could adversely affect our financial results.

Many other factors could adversely affect our financial results, including:

·  

If we are unsuccessful in establishing effective advertising, marketing and promotional programs, our sales or sales margins could be negatively affected.

·  

Our success depends on our continued ability to attract and retain store and management and professional personnel, and the loss of key personnel could have an adverse effect on the results of our operations, financial condition or cash flow.

·  

We may not be able to successfully and timely implement new computer systems and technology or business processes, or may experience disruptions or delays to the computer systems we depend on to manage our ordering, pricing, point-of-sale, inventory replenishment and other processes, which could adversely impact our operations and our ability to attract and retain customers.

·  

Changes in accounting standards and the application of existing accounting standards particularly related to the measurement of fair value as compared to  carrying value for the Company’s reporting units, including goodwill and intangible assets, may have an adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations.

·  

Severe weather conditions, terrorist activities, health epidemics or pandemics or the prospect of these events can impact our store operations or damage our facilities in affected areas or have an adverse impact on consumer confidence levels and spending in our stores.

·  

The long-term effects of climate change on general economic conditions and the pharmacy industry in particular are unclear, and changes in the supply, demand or available sources of energy may affect the availability or cost of goods and services, including natural resources, necessary to run our business.

·  

The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international vendors, and any future inability to find qualified vendors and access products in a timely and efficient manner could adversely impact our business.