The risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These risks are not the only risks that we face. Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations.

The retail drugstore and pharmacy benefit services industries are highly competitive and further increases in competition could adversely affect us.

We face intense competition from local, regional and national companies, including other drug store chains, independent drug stores, mail-order prescription providers and various other retailers such as grocery stores, convenience stores, mass merchants and dollar stores, many of which are aggressively expanding in markets we serve.  In
the pharmacy benefit services industry, our competitors include large national and regional pharmacy benefit managers and insurance companies and managed care providers, some of which are owned by or have affiliations with our retail drug store competitors.  As competition increases in the markets in which we operate, a significant increase in general pricing pressures could occur, which could require us to reevaluate our pricing structures to remain competitive.  Our failure to reduce prices
could result in decreased revenue, and reducing prices without also reducing costs could negatively affect profits.

Reductions in third-party reimbursement levels, from private or government plans, for prescription drugs could reduce our margin on pharmacy sales and could have a significant effect on our retail drugstore profits.

The continued efforts of health maintenance organizations, managed care organizations, pharmacy benefit management companies, government entities, and other third-party payors to reduce prescription drug costs and pharmacy reimbursement rates, as well as litigation relating to how drugs are priced, may impact our profitability. 
In addition, some of these entities may offer pricing terms that we may not be willing to accept or otherwise restrict our participation in their networks of pharmacy providers. Certain provisions of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 seek to reduce federal spending by altering the Medicaid reimbursement formula for multi-source (i.e., generic) drugs.  These changes are expected to result in reduced Medicaid reimbursement rates for retail pharmacies.  Also, in conjunction with a recently approved
class action settlement with two entities that publish the average wholesale price (AWP) of pharmaceuticals, the methodology used to calculate the AWP, a pricing reference widely used in the pharmacy industry, reduced the AWP for many brand-name prescription drugs effective September 26, 2009.  The company has reached understandings with most of its third party payors to adjust reimbursements to correct for this change in methodology, but state Medicaid programs that utilize AWP as a pricing reference
have not taken action to make similar adjustments, which is expected to result in reduced Medicaid reimbursement levels in fiscal 2010.  Reduced reimbursement rates could adversely affect our revenues and profits.  

We are subject to governmental regulations and procedures and other legal requirements. A significant change in, or noncompliance with, these regulations, procedures and requirements could have a material adverse effect on profitability.

Our retail drugstore, pharmacy benefit and health services businesses are subject to numerous federal, state and local regulations. Changes in these regulations may require extensive system and operating changes that may be difficult to implement. Untimely compliance or noncompliance with applicable regulations could result in the imposition
of civil and criminal penalties that could adversely affect the continued operation of our business, including: suspension of payments from government programs; loss of required government certifications; loss of authorizations to participate in or exclusion from government reimbursement programs, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; loss of licenses; or significant fines or monetary penalties, and could adversely affect the continued operation of our business. The
regulations to which we are subject include, but are not limited to: federal, state and local registration and regulation of pharmacies; applicable Medicare and Medicaid regulations; the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA; accounting standards; tax laws and regulations; laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and health and safety matters, including those governing exposure to, and the management and disposal of, hazardous substances; regulations of the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, the Drug Enforcement Administration, and the Consumer Product Safety Commission, as well as state regulatory authorities, governing the sale, advertisement and promotion of products we sell; anti-kickback laws; false claims laws; laws against the corporate practice of medicine; and federal and state laws governing the practice of the profession of pharmacy. In addition, we are party to a Corporate Integrity Agreement with the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services under which we have agreed to maintain a corporate compliance program.  We are also governed by federal and state laws of general applicability, including laws regulating matters of working conditions, health and safety and equal employment opportunity.  In addition, we could have exposure if we are found to have infringed another party's intellectual property rights.

Efforts
 to reform the U.S. health care system may adversely affect our business.

The Federal government has been considering proposals to reform the U.S. health care system. These proposals may increase government involvement in health care, increase regulation of pharmacy services, result in changes to pharmacy reimbursement rates, and otherwise change the way we do business. The effect of these proposals could have
an impact on our results of operations.

Our ability to hire and retain pharmacy personnel is important to the continued success of our business.

As our business expands, we believe that our future success will depend greatly on our continued ability to attract and retain skilled and qualified pharmacists. The retail drugstore industry is experiencing an ongoing shortage of licensed pharmacists in some parts of the United States.  Although we generally have been able to
meet our pharmacist staffing requirements in the past, any future inability to do so could limit our ability to offer extended pharmacy hours and negatively impact our revenue and our ability to deliver high levels of customer service.

Should a product liability issue, recall or personal injury issue arise, inadequate product or other liability insurance coverage or our inability to maintain such insurance may result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.

Products that we sell could become subject to contamination, product tampering, mislabeling, recall or other damage. In addition, errors in the dispensing and packaging of pharmaceuticals could lead to serious injury. Product liability or personal injury claims may be asserted against us with respect to any of the products or pharmaceuticals
we sell or services we provide. Our health and wellness business also involves exposure to professional liability claims related to medical care.  Should a product or other liability issue arise, the coverage limits under our insurance programs and the indemnification amounts available to us may not be adequate to protect us against claims. We also may not be able to maintain this insurance on acceptable terms in the future. Damage to our reputation in the event of a product liability or personal injury
issue or judgment against us or a product recall could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Our ability to grow our business may be constrained by our inability to find suitable new store locations at acceptable prices or by the expiration of our current leases.

Our ability to grow our business may be constrained if suitable new store locations cannot be identified with lease terms or purchase prices that are acceptable to us. We compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations for our stores. Local land use and other regulations applicable to the types of stores we desire to
construct may impact our ability to find suitable locations and influence the cost of constructing our stores. The expiration of leases at existing store locations may adversely affect us if the renewal terms of those leases are unacceptable to us and we are forced to close or relocate stores. Further, changing local demographics at existing store locations may adversely affect revenue and profitability levels at those stores.

Changes in economic conditions could adversely affect consumer buying practices and reduce our revenues and profitability.

Our performance may be negatively influenced by changes in national, regional or local economic conditions and consumer confidence. External factors that affect consumer confidence and over which we exercise no influence include unemployment rates, levels of personal disposable income, national, regional or local economic conditions, the
introduction of new merchandise or brand and generic prescription drugs, and acts of war or terrorism. Changes in economic conditions and consumer confidence could adversely affect consumer preferences, purchasing power and spending patterns. A decrease in overall consumer spending as a result of changes in economic conditions could adversely affect our front-end and pharmacy sales and negatively impact our profitability. All these factors could impact our revenues, operating results and financial condition.

Our profitability can be adversely affected by a decrease in the introduction of new brand name and generic prescription drugs.

Our sales and profit margins are affected by the introduction of new brand name and generic drugs.  New brand name drugs can result in increased drug utilization and associated sales revenues, while the introduction of lower priced generic alternatives typically result in higher gross profit margins.  Accordingly, a
decrease in the number of significant new drugs or generics successfully introduced could adversely affect our results of operations.

4

Table of Contents

If we fail to offer the merchandise and services that our customers want, our sales may be affected.

Our success depends on our ability to offer a superior shopping experience, a quality assortment of available merchandise and superior customer service. We must identify, obtain supplies of, and offer to our customers, attractive, innovative and high-quality merchandise on a continuous basis. Our products and services must satisfy the
desires of our customers, whose preferences may change in the future.  If we misjudge either the demand for products and services we sell or our customers’ purchasing habits and tastes, we may be faced with excess inventories of some products and missed opportunities for products and services we chose not to offer.  In addition, our sales may decline or we may be required to sell the merchandise we have obtained at lower prices. This would have a negative effect on our business and results
of operations.

We have made and expect to continue to make acquisitions that could disrupt our operations and harm our operating results.

We have grown our business through acquisitions in recent years and expect to continue to acquire drugstore chains, independent drugstores and related businesses in the future. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including difficulties in integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired companies, distraction of management from
overseeing our existing operations, difficulties in entering markets in which we have no or limited direct prior experience, and difficulties in achieving the synergies we anticipated. Acquisitions may also cause us to significantly increase our interest expense, leverage and debt service requirements if we incur additional debt to pay for an acquisition, issue common stock that would dilute our current shareholders’ percentage ownership, or incur write-offs and restructuring and other related expenses.  No
assurance can be given that our acquisitions will be successful and will not materially adversely affect our results of operations.

Various factors could adversely affect our achievement of the cost savings targeted by our Rewiring for Growth restructuring.

On October 30, 2008 we announced our “Rewiring for Growth” initiative (“RFG”) designed to reduce cost and improve productivity.  We also announced a goal of saving pre-tax costs equal to $500 million in FY2010 and $1 billion in FY2011 through this initiative. While we believe we are on track to achieve the
targeted savings, RFG is a multi-faceted initiative, and numerous elements have to remain on track for us to achieve our overall cost-saving goals.  A shortfall or delay in a single element of RFG could cause the company to fall short of the overall goal, unless offset by better-than-expected savings in other areas.

In general, we expect our savings from the components of the RFG initiative to trend upwards over the course of FY2010 and FY2011, but the rate of progress during each fiscal year may be uneven and there is no assurance that the savings or net benefits achieved in any specific quarter will exceed the prior quarter results or meet analyst
or investor expectations.  
Because the company does not give specific earnings guidance, analysts and investors might incorrectly estimate what our selling, general and administrative expenses will be as they try to take into account our RFG cost savings in one or more quarters over the course of FY2010 and FY2011, even if we achieve our targeted savings.  If the resulting market expectations exceed our actual
results, the perceived earnings disappointment could cause our stock price to drop even if the targeted savings are achieved.

Because our senior management and board of directors manage the company with the broader goal of maximizing overall return for our shareholders, the pursuit of other important business objectives could cause us to change, defer or cancel one or more elements of the RFG initiative, which could prevent us from realizing the targeted savings,
on the targeted timeframe or at all.

Our credit ratings are important to our cost of capital and lease terms for our stores.

The major credit rating agencies have given us and our corporate debt investment grade credit ratings. These ratings are based on a number of factors, which include our financial strength and financial policies. We aim to maintain our high ratings as they serve to lower our borrowing costs and facilitate our access to a variety of lenders
and other creditors, including landlords for our leased stores, on terms that we consider advantageous to our business.  Failure to maintain our credit ratings could adversely affect our cost of funds, liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets.

There are a number of additional business risks which could adversely affect our financial results.

Our success depends on our ability to establish effective advertising, marketing and promotional programs. If we are unsuccessful in our advertising, merchandising or promotional strategies, sales or sales margins could be negatively affected. Our success also depends on our continued ability to attract and retain store and management
personnel, and the loss of key personnel could have an adverse effect on the results of our operations, financial condition or cash flow. We also may not be able to successfully and timely implement new computer systems and technology or business processes, or may experience disruptions or delays to the computer systems we depend on to manage our ordering, pricing, point-of-sale, inventory replenishment and other processes, which could adversely impact our operations and our ability to attract and retain customers.
Severe weather conditions, terrorist activities, health epidemics or pandemics or the prospect of these events can impact our store operations or damage our facilities in affected areas or have an adverse impact on consumer confidence levels and spending in our stores. Furthermore, the products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international vendors, and any future inability to find qualified vendors and access products in a timely and efficient manner could adversely impact our business.