In addition to the other information in this report and our other filings with the SEC, you should carefully consider the risks described below, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  These risks are not the only risks that we face.  Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations.

We derive a significant portion of our sales from prescription drug sales reimbursed by pharmacy benefit management companies.

We derive a significant portion of our sales from prescription drug sales reimbursed through prescription drug plans administered by pharmacy benefit management (PBM) companies.  PBM companies typically administer multiple prescription drug plans that expire at various times and provide for varying reimbursement rates.  If our participation in the prescription drug programs administered by one or more of the large PBM companies is restricted or terminated, we expect that our sales would be adversely affected, at least in the short term.  If we are unable to replace any such lost sales, either through an increase in other sales or through a resumption of participation in those plans, our operating results may be materially adversely affected.  In June 2011, we announced that contract renewal negotiations with pharmacy benefit manager Express Scripts, Inc. had been unsuccessful, and as a result we were planning not to be part of Express Scripts’ pharmacy provider network as of January 1, 2012.

Reductions in third party reimbursement levels, from private or government plans, for prescription drugs could reduce our margin on pharmacy sales and could have a significant effect on our retail drugstore profits.

The continued efforts of health maintenance organizations, managed care organizations, pharmacy benefit management companies, government entities, and other third party payers to reduce prescription drug costs and pharmacy reimbursement rates, as well as litigation relating to how drugs are priced, may adversely impact our profitability.  In addition, some of these entities may offer pricing terms that we may not be willing to accept or otherwise restrict our participation in their networks of pharmacy providers.  Certain provisions of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (the DRA) sought to reduce federal spending by altering the Medicaid reimbursement formula for multi-source (i.e., generic) drugs (AMP).  Those reductions did not go into effect.  The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act signed into law on March 23, 2010 (the ACA) enacted a modified reimbursement formula for multi-source drugs.  The modified formula, when implemented, is expected to reduce Medicaid reimbursements, which could adversely affect our revenues and profits.

Our profitability can be adversely affected by a decrease in the introduction of new brand name and generic prescription drugs.

Our sales and profit margins are materially affected by the introduction of new brand name and generic drugs.  New brand name drugs can result in increased drug utilization and associated sales revenues, while the introduction of lower priced generic alternatives typically result in higher gross profit margins.  Accordingly, a decrease in the number of significant new brand name drugs or generics successfully introduced could adversely affect our results of operations.

Consolidation in the healthcare industry could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Many organizations in the healthcare industry, including pharmacy benefit managers, have consolidated in recent years to create larger healthcare enterprises with greater market power, which has resulted in greater pricing pressures.  Two of the three largest pharmacy benefit managers, Medco Health Solutions, Inc. and Express Scripts, Inc., announced an agreement to merge in July 2011, completion of which is subject to regulatory and other conditions.  If this consolidation trend continues, it could give the resulting enterprises even greater bargaining power, which may lead to further pressure on the prices for our products and services.  If these pressures result in reductions in our prices, our business will become less profitable unless we are able to achieve corresponding reductions in costs or develop profitable new revenue streams.  We expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party reimbursement policies, government contracting requirements, and societal pressures will continue to cause the healthcare industry to evolve, potentially resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among the industry participants we engage with, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Changes in economic conditions could adversely affect consumer buying practices and reduce our revenues and profitability.

Our performance has been, and may continue to be, adversely impacted by negative changes in national, regional or local economic conditions and consumer confidence.  The current economic environment has had a material impact on consumer behavior that could persist even as the economy starts to recover.  External factors that affect consumer confidence and over which we exercise no influence include unemployment rates, levels of personal disposable income, national, regional or local economic conditions and acts of war or terrorism. Changes in economic conditions and consumer confidence could adversely affect consumer preferences, purchasing power and spending patterns.  A decrease in overall consumer spending as a result of changes in economic conditions could adversely affect our front-end and pharmacy sales and negatively impact our profitability.  All these factors could impact our revenues, operating results and financial condition.

The industries in which we operate are highly competitive and further increases in competition could adversely affect us.

In our retail pharmacy business, we face intense competition from local, regional and national companies, including other drugstore chains, independent drugstores, mail-order prescription providers and various other retailers such as grocery stores, convenience stores, mass merchants and dollar stores, many of which are aggressively expanding in markets we serve.  In the other markets in which we compete, including health and wellness services, we also operate in a highly competitive environment.  As competition increases in the markets in which we operate, a significant increase in general pricing pressures could occur, this could require us to reevaluate our pricing structures to remain competitive.  Our failure to reduce prices could result in decreased revenue and negatively affect profits.

If the merchandise and services that we offer fail to meet customer needs, our sales may be affected.

Our success depends on our ability to offer a superior shopping experience, a quality assortment of available merchandise and superior customer service.  We must identify, obtain supplies of, and offer to our customers, attractive, innovative and high-quality merchandise on a continuous basis.  Our products and services must satisfy the needs and desires of our customers, whose preferences may change in the future.  If we misjudge either the demand for products and services we sell or our customers’ purchasing habits and tastes, we may be faced with excess inventories of some products and missed opportunities for products and services we chose not to offer.  In addition, our sales may decline or we may be required to sell the merchandise we have obtained at lower prices. This would have a negative effect on our business and results of operations.

Our strategy is dependent, in part, upon the successful implementation of various strategic initiatives.

While our overall business strategy consists of many components and underlying initiatives, our long-term financial performance will be impacted by our ability to execute certain key initiatives.  In fiscal 2012, we plan to pursue strategies designed to further transform our traditional drugstore to a “retail health and daily living” store; advance community pharmacy to play a greater role in healthcare through integration and expanded services; deliver an outstanding customer experience through enhanced employee engagement; expand across new channels and markets; and enhance our cost structure through continuous improvement and innovation. If we are unable to effectively execute one or more of these key initiatives, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.

Our ability to grow our business may be constrained by our inability to find suitable new store locations at acceptable prices or by the expiration of our current leases.

Our ability to grow our business may be constrained if suitable new store locations cannot be identified with lease terms or purchase prices that are acceptable to us.  We compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations for our stores. Local land use and other regulations applicable to the types of stores we desire to construct may impact our ability to find suitable locations and influence the cost of constructing our stores.  The expiration of leases at existing store locations may adversely affect us if the renewal terms of those leases are unacceptable to us and we are forced to close or relocate stores.  Further, changing local demographics at existing store locations may adversely affect revenue and profitability levels at those stores.

A significant disruption in our computer systems could adversely affect our operations.

We rely extensively on our computer systems to manage our ordering, pricing, point-of-sale, inventory replenishment and other processes. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, vandalism, catastrophic events and human error, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities.  In addition, we are currently making, and expect to continue to make, substantial investments in our information technology systems and infrastructure and any risk of system disruption is further increased when significant system changes are undertaken. If our systems are damaged, fail to function properly or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Our growth strategy is partially dependent upon acquisitions, some of which may not prove to be successful.

We have grown our business, in part, through acquisitions in recent years and expect to continue to acquire drugstore chains, independent drugstores and other businesses in the future.  Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including difficulties in integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired companies, distraction of management from overseeing our existing operations, difficulties in entering markets in which we have no or limited direct prior experience, and difficulties in achieving the synergies we anticipated. Acquisitions may also cause us to significantly increase our interest expense, leverage and debt service requirements if we incur additional debt to pay for an acquisition, issue common stock that would dilute our current shareholders’ percentage ownership, or incur write-offs and restructuring and other related expenses.  No assurance can be given that our acquisitions will be successful and will not materially adversely affect our results of operations.

Changes in the health care regulatory environment may adversely affect our business.

Political, economic and regulatory influences are subjecting the healthcare industry to significant changes that could adversely affect our results of operations.  The ACA and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 were signed into law on March 23, 2010 and March 30, 2010, respectively.  A number of the provisions of those laws require rulemaking action by governmental agencies to implement, which has not yet occurred.  Future rulemaking could increase regulation of pharmacy services, result in changes to pharmacy reimbursement rates, and otherwise change the way we do business.  We cannot predict the timing or impact of any future rulemaking, but any such rulemaking could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.

We are subject to governmental regulations and procedures and other legal requirements. A significant change in, or noncompliance with, these regulations, procedures and requirements could have a material adverse effect on profitability.

Our retail drugstore and health and wellness services businesses are subject to numerous federal, state and local regulations. Changes in these regulations may require extensive system and operating changes that may be difficult to implement.  Untimely compliance or noncompliance with applicable regulations could result in the imposition of civil and criminal penalties that could adversely affect the continued operation of our business, including: suspension of payments from government programs; loss of required government certifications; loss of authorizations to participate in or exclusion from government reimbursement programs, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; loss of licenses; or significant fines or monetary penalties, and could adversely affect the continued operation of our business. The regulations to which we are subject include, but are not limited to: federal, state and local registration and regulation of pharmacies; applicable Medicare and Medicaid regulations; the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA; laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and health and safety matters, including those governing exposure to, and the management and disposal of, hazardous substances; regulations of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, the Drug Enforcement Administration, and the Consumer Product Safety Commission, as well as state regulatory authorities, governing the sale, advertisement and promotion of products we sell; anti-kickback laws; data privacy and security laws; false claims laws; laws against the corporate practice of medicine; and federal and state laws governing the practice of the profession of pharmacy.  In addition, we are party to a Corporate Integrity Agreement with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services under which we have agreed to maintain a corporate compliance program.  We are also governed by federal and state laws of general applicability, including laws regulating matters of working conditions, health and safety and equal employment opportunity.  In addition, we could have exposure if we are found to have infringed another party's intellectual property rights.

Should a product liability issue, recall or personal injury issue arise, inadequate product or other liability insurance coverage or our inability to maintain such insurance may result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.

Products that we sell could become subject to contamination, product tampering, mislabeling, recall or other damage. In addition, errors in the dispensing and packaging of pharmaceuticals could lead to serious injury.  Product liability or personal injury claims may be asserted against us with respect to any of the products or pharmaceuticals we sell or services we provide.  Our health and wellness business also involves exposure to professional liability claims related to medical care.  Should a product or other liability issue arise, the coverage limits under our insurance programs and the indemnification amounts available to us may not be adequate to protect us against claims.  We also may not be able to maintain this insurance on acceptable terms in the future.  Damage to our reputation in the event of a product liability or personal injury issue or judgment against us or a product recall could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

If we do not maintain the privacy and security of sensitive customer and business information, we could damage our reputation, incur substantial additional costs and become subject to litigation.

Throughout our operations, we receive, retain and transmit certain personal information that our customers provide to purchase products or services, enroll in promotional programs, register on our websites, or otherwise communicate and interact with us.  In addition, aspects of our operations depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks.  A compromise of our data security systems or those of businesses we interact with that results in information related to our customers or business being obtained by unauthorized persons could harm our reputation and expose us to regulatory actions and claims from customers, financial institutions, payment card associations and other persons, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  In addition, a security breach could require that we expend additional resources related to the security of information systems and disrupt our business.  In addition, compliance with changes in privacy and information security laws and standards may result in significant expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes.  If we or those with whom we share information fail to comply with these laws and regulations or experience a data security breach, our reputation could be damaged and we could be subject to additional litigation and regulatory risks.

Our credit ratings are important to our cost of capital and lease terms for our stores.

The major credit rating agencies have given us and our corporate debt investment grade credit ratings.  These ratings are based on a number of factors, which include our financial strength and financial policies.  We aim to maintain our high ratings as they serve to lower our borrowing costs and facilitate our access to a variety of lenders and other creditors, including landlords for our leased stores, on terms that we consider advantageous to our business.  Failure to maintain our credit ratings could adversely affect our cost of funds, liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets.

Our quarterly results may fluctuate significantly.

Our operating results have historically varied on a quarterly basis and may continue to fluctuate significantly in the future. Factors that may affect our quarterly operating results include, but are not limited to, seasonality, the timing of the introduction of new generic and brand name prescription drugs, the timing and severity of the cough, cold and flu season, significant acquisitions, dispositions and other strategic initiatives, and the other risk factors discussed under this Item 1A.  Accordingly, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results are not necessarily meaningful and investors should not rely on the results of any particular quarter as an indication of our future performance.

There are a number of additional business risks which could adversely affect our financial results.

Many other factors could adversely affect our financial results, including:

·  

If we are unsuccessful in establishing effective advertising, marketing and promotional programs, our sales or sales margins could be negatively affected.

·  

Our success depends on our continued ability to attract and retain store and management and professional personnel, and the loss of key personnel could have an adverse effect on the results of our operations, financial condition or cash flow.

·  

Changes in accounting standards and the application of existing accounting standards particularly related to the measurement of fair value as compared to  carrying value for the Company’s reporting units, including goodwill and intangible assets, may have an adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations.

·  

Severe weather conditions, terrorist activities, health epidemics or pandemics or the prospect of these events can impact our store operations or damage our facilities in affected areas or have an adverse impact on consumer confidence levels and spending in our stores.

·  

The long-term effects of climate change on general economic conditions and the pharmacy industry in particular are unclear, and changes in the supply, demand or available sources of energy may affect the availability or cost of goods and services, including natural resources, necessary to run our business.

·  

The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international vendors, and any future inability to find qualified vendors and access products in a timely and efficient manner could adversely impact our business.