In addition to the other information in this report and our other filings with the SEC, you should carefully consider the risks described below, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  These risks are not the only risks that we face.  Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations.

We derive a significant portion of our sales from prescription drug sales reimbursed by pharmacy benefit management companies.

We derive a significant portion of our sales from prescription drug sales reimbursed through prescription drug plans administered by pharmacy benefit management (PBM) companies.  PBM companies typically administer multiple prescription drug plans that expire at various times and provide for varying reimbursement rates.  There can be no assurance that we will continue to participate in any particular pharmacy benefit manager network in any particular future time period.   If our participation in the prescription drug programs administered by one or more of the large PBM companies is restricted or terminated, we expect that our sales would be adversely affected, at least in the short term.  If we are unable to replace any such lost sales, either through an increase in other sales or through a resumption of participation in those plans, our operating results may be materially adversely affected.  For example, we were not part of the pharmacy provider network of Express Scripts, Inc., one of the largest PBMs, for more than eight months in 2012, which led most patients in plans administered by Express Scripts that we formerly served to transition to a new pharmacy and caused us to lose significant sales and adversely affected our operating results.  While we reached an agreement with Express Scripts in July 2012 and became part of the broadest network of pharmacies available to Express Scripts clients as of September 15, 2012, we expect the impact of this new agreement with Express Scripts to be incremental over time.  When we exit a pharmacy provider network and later resume network participation, there can be no assurance that we will achieve any particular level of business on any particular pace.  In addition, in such circumstances we may incur increased marketing and other costs in connection with initiatives to regain former patients and attract new patients covered by in-network plans. When we exit a pharmacy provider network and later resume network participation, there also can be no assurance that all clients of the PBM sponsor of the network will choose to include us again in their pharmacy network initially or at all.  For example, after we reached our agreement with Express Scripts, the United States Department of Defense TRICARE program, an Express Scripts client, announced that Walgreens would continue to be designated as a non-network pharmacy provider for TRICARE beneficiaries.

Reductions in third party reimbursement levels, from private or government plans, for prescription drugs could reduce our margin on pharmacy sales and could have a significant effect on our retail drugstore profits.

The continued efforts of health maintenance organizations, managed care organizations, pharmacy benefit management companies, government entities, and other third party payers to reduce prescription drug costs and pharmacy reimbursement rates, as well as litigation relating to how drugs are priced, may adversely impact our profitability.  In addition, some of these entities may offer pricing terms that we may not be willing to accept or otherwise restrict our participation in their networks of pharmacy providers.  Certain provisions of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (the DRA) sought to reduce federal spending by altering the Medicaid reimbursement formula for multi-source (i.e., generic) drugs (AMP).  Those reductions did not go into effect.  The ACA, which was signed into law on March 23, 2010, enacted a modified reimbursement formula for multi-source drugs.  The modified formula, when implemented, is expected to reduce Medicaid reimbursements, which could adversely affect our revenues and profits.  There have also been a number of other recent proposals and enactments by the Federal government and various states to reduce Medicare Part D and Medicaid reimbursement levels in response to budget problems. We expect other similar proposals in the future.

Our profitability can be adversely affected by a decrease in the introduction of new brand name and generic prescription drugs.

Our sales and profit margins are materially affected by the introduction of new brand name and generic drugs.  New brand name drugs can result in increased drug utilization and associated sales revenues, while the introduction of lower priced generic alternatives typically result in relatively lower sales revenues, but higher gross profit margins.  Accordingly, a decrease in the number of significant new brand name drugs or generics successfully introduced could adversely affect our results of operations.

Consolidation in the healthcare industry could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

Many organizations in the healthcare industry, including pharmacy benefit managers, have consolidated in recent years to create larger healthcare enterprises with greater bargaining power, which has resulted in greater pricing pressures.  For example, in April 2012 two of the three largest pharmacy benefit managers, Medco Health Solutions, Inc. and Express Scripts, Inc., merged.  The resulting entity is the largest pharmacy benefit manager in the United States.  If this consolidation trend continues, it could give the resulting enterprises even greater bargaining power, which may lead to further pressure on the prices for our products and services.  If these pressures result in reductions in our prices, our business will become less profitable unless we are able to achieve corresponding reductions in costs or develop profitable new revenue streams.  We expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party reimbursement policies, government contracting requirements, and societal pressures will continue to cause the healthcare industry to evolve, potentially resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among the industry participants we engage with, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The anticipated strategic and financial benefits of our transaction with Alliance Boots may not be realized.

Walgreens and Alliance Boots entered into the Purchase and Option Agreement with the expectation that the transactions contemplated thereby would result in various benefits including, among other things, procurement cost savings and operating efficiencies, revenue synergies, innovation, sharing of best practices and a strengthened market position that may serve as a platform for future growth.  We currently anticipate that the transaction will be accretive to our earnings per share, excluding one-time transaction-related costs.  This expectation is based on our preliminary estimates, which may materially change.  The processes and initiatives needed to achieve these potential benefits are complex, costly and time-consuming, and we have not previously completed a transaction comparable in size or scope.  Many of the expenses that will be incurred, by their nature, are difficult to estimate accurately at the present time.  Achieving the anticipated benefits of the Alliance Boots transaction is subject to a number of significant challenges and uncertainties, including, without limitation, whether unique corporate cultures will work collaboratively in an efficient and effective manner, the coordination of geographically separate organizations, the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding potential synergies and the integration process, unforeseen expenses or delays, and competitive factors in the marketplace.  In addition, there can be no assurance that we will decide to exercise the option to acquire the remaining 55% interest in Alliance Boots when we have the right to do so during a six-month period beginning 30 months after the initial closing. In the event that we do not exercise that option, under certain circumstances, our ownership interest in Alliance Boots would be reduced from 45% to 42% for nominal consideration to us. We could also encounter unforeseen transaction and integration-related costs or other circumstances such as unforeseen liabilities or other issues existing or arising with respect to the business of Alliance Boots or otherwise resulting from the transaction.  Many of these potential circumstances are outside of our control and any of them could result in increased costs, decreased revenue, decreased synergies and the diversion of management time and attention. If we are unable to achieve our objectives within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the expected benefits may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations and the price of our common stock.

Our strategic relationship with Alliance Boots significantly increases our exposure to the risks of operating internationally, including in Euro zone and neighboring countries.

Prior to our investment in Alliance Boots, substantially all of our operations were conducted within the United States and its territories. The transaction with Alliance Boots significantly increases the importance of international business to our future operations, growth and prospects.  A substantial portion of Alliance Boots revenues are generated in the Euro zone and neighboring countries.  Our investment in international business operations is subject to a number of risks, including:

·  

compliance with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations, including retail and wholesale pharmacy, licensing, tax, foreign trade, intellectual property, privacy and data protection, currency, political and other business restrictions and requirements and local laws and regulations, whose interpretation and enforcement vary significantly among jurisdictions and can change significantly over time;

·  

additional U.S. and other regulation of non-domestic operations, including regulation under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and other anti-corruption laws;

·  

potential difficulties in managing foreign operations, enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through foreign legal systems;

·  

tariffs, duties, price controls or other restrictions on foreign currencies or trade barriers imposed by foreign countries;

·  

potential adverse tax consequences, including tax withholding laws and policies and restrictions on  repatriation of funds to the United States;

·  

fluctuations in currency exchange rates, including uncertainty regarding the Euro;

·  

impact of recessions and economic slowdowns in economies outside the United States, including foreign currency devaluation, higher interest rates, inflation, and increased government regulation or ownership of  traditional private businesses; and

·  

the instability of foreign economies, governments and currencies and unexpected regulatory, economic or political changes in foreign markets.

We cannot assure you that one or more of these factors will not have a material adverse effect on our or Alliance Boots business, results of operation or financial condition.

From time to time, we make investments in companies over which we do not have sole control, including our investment in Alliance Boots. Some of these companies may operate in sectors that differ from our current operations and have different risks.

From time to time, we make debt or equity investments in other companies that we may not control or over which we may not have sole control.  For example, we currently own only 45% of the outstanding Alliance Boots equity interests.  While we have designees serving on the Alliance Boots Board of Directors and veto rights over certain significant Alliance Boots actions under the terms of our shareholder agreement with them, we do not have the ability to control day-to-day operations of that company.  Although Alliance Boots and other businesses in which we have made non-controlling investments generally have a significant health and daily living component, some of them operate in businesses that are different from our primary lines of business.  Investments in these businesses, among other risks, subject us to the operating and financial risks of the businesses we invest in and to the risk that we do not have sole control over the operations of these businesses.  From time to time, we may make additional investments in or acquire other entities that may subject us to similar risks.  Investments in entities over which we do not have sole control, including joint ventures and strategic alliances, present additional risks such as having differing objectives from our partners or the entities in which we invest, or becoming involved in disputes, or competing with those persons. In addition, we rely on the internal controls and financial reporting controls of these entities and their failure to maintain effectiveness or comply with applicable standards may adversely affect us.

Changes in economic conditions could adversely affect consumer buying practices and reduce our revenues and profitability.

Our performance has been, and may continue to be, adversely impacted by negative changes in national, regional or local economic conditions and consumer confidence.  The current economic environment has had a material impact on consumer behavior that could persist even as the economy starts to recover.  External factors that affect consumer confidence and over which we exercise no influence include unemployment rates, levels of personal disposable income, national, regional or local economic conditions and acts of war or terrorism. Changes in economic conditions and consumer confidence could adversely affect consumer preferences, purchasing power and spending patterns.  A decrease in overall consumer spending as a result of changes in economic conditions could adversely affect our front-end and pharmacy sales and negatively impact our profitability.  All these factors could impact our revenues, operating results and financial condition.

The industries in which we operate are highly competitive and further increases in competition could adversely affect us.

In our retail pharmacy business, we face intense competition from local, regional and national companies, including other drugstore chains, independent drugstores, mail-order prescription providers and various other retailers such as grocery stores, convenience stores, mass merchants and dollar stores, many of which are aggressively expanding in markets we serve.  In the other markets in which we compete, including health and wellness services, we also operate in a highly competitive environment.  As competition increases in the markets in which we operate, a significant increase in general pricing pressures could occur, this could require us to reevaluate our pricing structures to remain competitive.  Our failure to reduce prices could result in decreased revenue and negatively affect profits.

If the merchandise and services that we offer fail to meet customer needs, our sales may be affected.

Our success depends on our ability to offer a superior shopping experience, a quality assortment of available merchandise and superior customer service.  We must identify, obtain supplies of, and offer to our customers, attractive, innovative and high-quality merchandise on a continuous basis.  Our products and services must satisfy the needs and desires of our customers, whose preferences may change in the future.  It is difficult to predict consistently and successfully the products and services our customers will demand. If we misjudge either the demand for products and services we sell or our customers’ purchasing habits and tastes, we may be faced with excess inventories of some products and missed opportunities for products and services we chose not to offer.  In addition, our sales may decline or we may be required to sell the merchandise we have obtained at lower prices. Failure to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences and spending patterns could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for our products and services and our market share.

Our strategy is dependent, in part, upon the successful implementation of various strategic initiatives.

While our overall business strategy consists of many components and underlying initiatives, our long-term financial performance will be impacted by our ability to execute certain key initiatives.  In fiscal 2013, we plan to pursue strategies designed to further transform our traditional drugstore to a “retail health and daily living” store; advance community pharmacy to play a greater role in healthcare through integration and expanded services; deliver an outstanding customer experience through enhanced employee engagement; expand across new channels and markets; and enhance our cost structure through continuous improvement and innovation. If we are unable to effectively execute one or more of these key initiatives, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.

Our ability to grow our business may be constrained by our inability to find suitable new store locations at acceptable prices or by the expiration of our current leases.

Our ability to grow our business may be constrained if suitable new store locations cannot be identified with lease terms or purchase prices that are acceptable to us.  We compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations for our stores. Local land use and other regulations applicable to the types of stores we desire to construct may impact our ability to find suitable locations and influence the cost of constructing our stores.  The expiration of leases at existing store locations may adversely affect us if the renewal terms of those leases are unacceptable to us and we are forced to close or relocate stores.  Further, changing local demographics at existing store locations may adversely affect revenue and profitability levels at those stores.

A significant disruption in our computer systems could adversely affect our operations.

We rely extensively on our computer systems to manage our ordering, pricing, point-of-sale, inventory replenishment, customer loyalty program and other processes. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, vandalism, natural disasters, catastrophic events and human error, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities.  In addition, we are currently making, and expect to continue to make, substantial investments in our information technology systems and infrastructure and any risk of system disruption is further increased when significant system changes are undertaken. If our systems are damaged, fail to function properly or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Our growth strategy is partially dependent upon acquisitions, joint ventures and other strategic investments, some of which may not prove to be successful.

We have grown our business, in part, through acquisitions in recent years and expect to continue to acquire drugstore chains, independent drugstores, health and well-being businesses and other businesses in the future.  Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including difficulties in integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired companies, distraction of management from overseeing our existing operations, difficulties in entering markets or lines of business in which we have no or limited direct prior experience, the possible loss of key employees and customers and difficulties in achieving the synergies we anticipated.  These transactions may also cause us to significantly increase our interest expense, leverage and debt service requirements if we incur additional debt to pay for an acquisition or investment, issue common stock that would dilute our current shareholders’ percentage ownership, or incur write-offs and restructuring and other related expenses.  Acquisitions, joint ventures and strategic investments involve numerous other risks, including potential exposure to unknown liabilities of acquired or investee companies.  In connection with acquisitions, joint ventures or strategic investments outside the United States, we may from time to time, in some instances enter into foreign currency contracts or other derivative instruments to hedge some or all of the foreign currency fluctuation risks, which subjects us to the risks associated with such derivative contracts and instruments.  No assurance can be given that our acquisitions, joint ventures and other strategic investments will be successful and will not materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Changes in the health care regulatory environment may adversely affect our business.

Political, economic and regulatory influences are subjecting the healthcare industry to significant changes that could adversely affect our results of operations.  The ACA and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 were signed into law on March 23, 2010 and March 30, 2010, respectively.  A number of the provisions of those laws require further rulemaking action by governmental agencies to implement, which has not yet occurred.  Future rulemaking could increase regulation of pharmacy services, result in changes to pharmacy reimbursement rates, and otherwise change the way we do business.  We cannot predict the timing or impact of any future rulemaking, but any such rulemaking could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.

We are subject to governmental regulations and procedures and other legal requirements. A significant change in, or noncompliance with, these regulations, procedures and requirements could have a material adverse effect on profitability.

Our retail drugstore and health and wellness services businesses are subject to numerous federal, state and local regulations. Changes in these regulations may require extensive system and operating changes that may be difficult to implement.  Untimely compliance or noncompliance with applicable regulations could result in the imposition of civil and criminal penalties that could adversely affect the continued operation of our business, including: suspension of payments from government programs; loss of required government certifications; loss of authorizations to participate in or exclusion from government reimbursement programs, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; loss of licenses; or significant fines or monetary penalties, and could adversely affect the continued operation of our business. The regulations to which we are subject include, but are not limited to: federal, state and local registration and regulation of pharmacies; applicable Medicare and Medicaid regulations; the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA; the ACA; laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and health and safety matters, including those governing exposure to, and the management and disposal of, hazardous substances; regulations of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, the Drug Enforcement Administration, and the Consumer Product Safety Commission, as well as state regulatory authorities, governing the sale, advertisement and promotion of products we sell; anti-kickback laws; data privacy and security laws; false claims laws; laws against the corporate practice of medicine; and federal and state laws governing the practice of the profession of pharmacy.  In addition, we are party to a Corporate Integrity Agreement with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services under which we have agreed to maintain a corporate compliance program.  We are also governed by federal and state laws of general applicability, including laws regulating matters of working conditions, health and safety and equal employment opportunity.  In addition, we could have exposure if we are found to have infringed another party's intellectual property rights.

Should a product liability issue, recall or personal injury issue arise it may damage our reputation, which may result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition and adversely affect our ability to maintain adequate product or other liability insurance coverage.  If we fail or are unable to maintain adequate product or other liability insurance coverage for any reason it may also result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.

Products that we sell could become subject to contamination, product tampering, mislabeling, recall or other damage. In addition, errors in the dispensing and packaging of pharmaceuticals could lead to serious injury.  Product liability or personal injury claims may be asserted against us with respect to any of the products or pharmaceuticals we sell or services we provide.  Our health and wellness business also involves exposure to professional liability claims related to medical care.  Should a product or other liability issue arise, the coverage limits under our insurance programs and the indemnification amounts available to us may not be adequate to protect us against claims.  We also may not be able to maintain this insurance on acceptable terms in the future.  Damage to our reputation in the event of a product liability or personal injury issue or judgment against us or a product recall could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

If we do not maintain the privacy and security of sensitive customer and business information, we could damage our reputation, incur substantial additional costs and become subject to litigation.

Throughout our operations, we receive, retain and transmit certain personal information that our customers provide to purchase products or services, enroll in promotional programs, participate in our customer loyalty program, register on our websites, or otherwise communicate and interact with us.  In addition, aspects of our operations depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks.  A compromise of our data security systems or those of businesses we interact with that results in information related to our customers or business being obtained by unauthorized persons could harm our reputation and expose us to regulatory actions and claims from customers, financial institutions, payment card associations and other persons, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  In addition, a security breach could require that we expend additional resources related to the security of information systems and disrupt our business.  Compliance with changes in privacy and information security laws and standards may result in significant expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes.  If we or those with whom we share information fail to comply with these laws and regulations or experience a data security breach, our reputation could be damaged and we could be subject to additional litigation and regulatory risks.

The Alliance Boots transaction reduced the percentage ownership interests of our current shareholders and the principal shareholders of Alliance Boots may have significant voting influence over matters requiring shareholder approval.

The principal shareholders of Alliance Boots, Stefano Pessina, Executive Chairman of Alliance Boots, and certain of his affiliates and affiliates of KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR), have the right to designate two members of our Board of Directors and are significant shareholders of our company.  In addition, if we elect to exercise the option to acquire the remaining 55% equity interest in Alliance Boots when we have the right to do so, we expect to issue approximately 144.3 million additional shares of our common stock, which amount is subject to adjustment in certain circumstances as described in the risk factor below. KKR and certain of its affiliates (the “KKR Investors”) and Mr. Pessina and certain of his affiliates (the “SP Investors”)  have agreed that, for so long as the SP Investors have the right to designate a person for service on our Board of Directors (or Mr. Pessina continues to serve as Executive Chairperson or Chief Executive Officer of Alliance Boots), and for so long as the KKR Investors have the right to designate a person for service on our Board, subject to certain exceptions, the SP Investors and the KKR Investors, as applicable, are obligated to vote all of their Company shares in accordance with the Board’s recommendation on matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders (including the election of directors).  These shareholders may be able to exercise significant influence over matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, and this influence is expected to increase if we exercise the option and complete the second step transaction.

The amount and mix of consideration required to be paid by us upon the exercise of the option in the second step transaction is subject to adjustment in certain circumstances.

If the option to exercise the remaining 55% interest in Alliance Boots is exercised when we have the ability to do so, Walgreens expects to pay £3.133 billion (equivalent to approximately $5.0 billion based on exchange rates as of August 31, 2012) in cash and issue 144.3 million shares for the remaining interest in Alliance Boots, subject to the volume weighted average price of Walgreens common stock not being below $31.18 per share during a period shortly before the closing of the second step transaction.  However, if the volume weighted average price per share is below that level and the option is exercised, the difference in value would be made up by a cash payment or the issuance of additional shares of common stock at Walgreens election.  In addition, in certain circumstances after a change of control of Walgreens (as defined in the Purchase and Option Agreement), the selling shareholder of Alliance Boots  has the right to elect to receive all second step consideration in cash if the option to acquire the remaining 55% interest in Alliance Boots is exercised.  These provisions potentially could make the exercise of the second step option more costly or inadvisable by increasing the amount of cash and/or stock consideration we are required to pay.  If the amount of cash we are required to pay increases, the amount of indebtedness we incur also may increase, and if the amount of stock we are required to deliver increases, the percentage ownership interests of our existing shareholders would further decrease.

We share certain directors with Alliance Boots and certain of our officers serve on the Alliance Boots Board of Directors, which may give rise to conflicts of interest.

In connection with our initial 45% investment in Alliance Boots on August 2, 2012, four Walgreens executive officers, Gregory Wasson, President and Chief Executive Officer and a director of Walgreens, Wade Miquelon, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and President, International, Thomas J. Sabatino, Jr., Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, and Robert Zimmerman, Senior Vice President, International and International Chief Administration Officer, joined the Alliance Boots Board of Directors. In addition, Stefano Pessina, Executive Chairman of Alliance Boots, and Dominic Murphy, Director and Member of KKR, joined the Walgreens Board of Directors upon the closing. Mr. Pessina and his affiliates and KKR and its affiliates are significant shareholders of Alliance Boots.  These persons may have actual or apparent conflicts of interest with respect to matters involving or affecting each company. For example, while our contractual arrangements with Alliance Boots place restrictions on the parties’ conduct in various potential conflict situations and related party transactions are subject to review and approval by independent directors in accordance with the related party transaction approval  procedures described in our proxy statement, the potential for a conflict of interest exists when we on one hand, and Alliance Boots on the other hand, consider acquisitions and other corporate opportunities that may be suitable to Alliance Boots and us.  Conflicts may also arise if there are issues or disputes under the commercial arrangements that exist between Alliance Boots and us.

We have significant outstanding debt; our debt will increase if we incur additional debt in the future and do not retire existing debt, including if we decide to complete the second step transaction.

We have outstanding debt and other financial obligations and significant unused borrowing capacity. As of August 31, 2012, we had approximately $5.4 billion of outstanding indebtedness, including short-term borrowing.  Our indebtedness increased on September 13, 2012, when we completed the issuance and sale of $4.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes of varying maturities, approximately $3.0 billion of which was used to refinance existing indebtedness.  In addition, if we exercise the call option and consummate the second step transaction, we are likely to incur significant additional debt in connection with the financing thereof and the assumption of the Alliance Boots debt then outstanding. Our debt level and related debt service obligations could have negative consequences, including:

·  

requiring us to dedicate significant cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, which would reduce the funds we have available for other purposes, such as capital expenditures, acquisitions or dividends to shareholders;

·  

reducing our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and market conditions; and

·  

exposing us to interest rate risk since a portion of our debt obligations is at variable rates.

We may incur or assume significantly more debt in the future, including, but not limited to, in connection with the second step transaction. If we add new debt and do not retire existing debt, the risks described above could increase.

Our long-term debt obligations include covenants that may adversely affect our ability to incur certain secured indebtedness or engage in certain types of sale and leaseback transactions. Our ability to comply with these restrictions and covenants may be affected by events beyond our control. If we breach any of these restrictions or covenants and do not obtain a waiver from the lenders, then, subject to applicable cure periods, our outstanding indebtedness could be declared immediately due and payable. Alliance Boots GmbH and its subsidiaries are not subsidiaries of Walgreens and therefore are not subject to these restrictions and covenants.

Our credit ratings are important to our business.

The major credit rating agencies have assigned us and our corporate debt investment grade credit ratings.  These ratings are based on a number of factors, which include their assessment of our financial strength and financial policies.  We aim to maintain investment grade ratings as they serve to lower our borrowing costs and facilitate our access to a variety of lenders and other creditors, including landlords for our leased stores, on terms that we consider advantageous to our business.  However, there can be no assurance that any particular rating assigned to us will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be changed or withdrawn by a rating agency, if in that rating agency’s judgment, future circumstances relating to the basis of the rating so warrant.  Incurrence of additional debt by Alliance Boots or us could adversely affect our credit ratings.  Any downgrade of our credit ratings could adversely affect our cost of funds, liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets.

Our quarterly results may fluctuate significantly.

Our operating results have historically varied on a quarterly basis and may continue to fluctuate significantly in the future. Factors that may affect our quarterly operating results include, but are not limited to, seasonality, the timing of the introduction of new generic and brand name prescription drugs, the timing and severity of the cough, cold and flu season, significant acquisitions, dispositions and other strategic initiatives, the relative magnitude of our LIFO provision in any particular quarter, inflation and the other risk factors discussed under this Item 1A.  Accordingly, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results are not necessarily meaningful and investors should not rely on the results of any particular quarter as an indication of our future performance.

There are a number of additional business risks that could adversely affect our financial results.

Many other factors could adversely affect our financial results, including:

·  

If we are unsuccessful in establishing effective advertising, marketing and promotional programs, our sales or sales margins could be negatively affected.

·  

Our success depends on our continued ability to attract and retain store and management and professional personnel, and the loss of key personnel could have an adverse effect on the results of our operations, financial condition or cash flow.

·  

Changes in accounting standards and the application of existing accounting standards particularly related to the measurement of fair value as compared to carrying value for the Company’s reporting units, including goodwill and intangible assets, may have an adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations.

·  

Natural disasters, severe weather conditions, terrorist activities, global political and economic developments, war, health epidemics or pandemics or the prospect of these events can impact our store operations or damage our facilities in affected areas or have an adverse impact on consumer confidence levels and spending in our stores.

·  

The long-term effects of climate change on general economic conditions and the pharmacy industry in particular are unclear, and changes in the supply, demand or available sources of energy and the regulatory and other costs associated with energy production and delivery may affect the availability or cost of goods and services, including natural resources, necessary to run our business.

·  

The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international vendors, and any future inability to find qualified vendors and access products in a timely and efficient manner could adversely impact our business.