.

Investing in our securities involves risk. In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should consider the following risk factors before investing in our securities. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe not to be material may also adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows.

Risks Related to the PSKY Merger

The completion of the PSKY Merger is subject to a number of conditions, many of which are largely outside the parties’ control, and, if these conditions are not satisfied or waived, the PSKY Merger may not be completed within the expected timeframe or at all.

On February 27, 2026, WBD entered into the PSKY Merger Agreement, pursuant to which, at the effective time of the PSKY Merger, a wholly owned subsidiary of PSKY will merge with and into WBD, with WBD surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of PSKY. The completion of the PSKY Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain customary conditions, including, among others, (i) the adoption of the PSKY Merger Agreement by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote on such matter, (ii) the expiration or receipt of any applicable mandatory waiting period, clearance or affirmative approval of any governmental body, agency or authority contemplated by the PSKY Merger Agreement, (iii) the absence of any enacted, issued or promulgated law or governmental order that is in effect and that restrains, enjoins or otherwise prohibits the consummation of the PSKY Merger, (iv) the absence of a Company Material Adverse Effect as defined in the PSKY Merger Agreement and (v) WBD not having completed the separation of its Streaming & Studios business from its Global Linear Networks business nor having declared or made any dividend to WBD’s stockholders to effectuate such separation. 

15

There can be no assurance that the conditions to completion of the PSKY Merger, including the receipt of required regulatory approvals, will be satisfied or waived on a timely basis or at all. Further, there can be no assurance that governmental authorities will not impose conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions and that such conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions will not have the effect of delaying or preventing consummation of the PSKY Merger. If WBD is required to divest assets or businesses, there can be no assurance that we will be able to negotiate such divestitures expeditiously or on favorable terms or that the governmental authorities will approve the terms of such divestitures. In addition, we can provide no assurance that these conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions will not result in the abandonment of the PSKY Merger. If the conditions to completion of the PSKY Merger are not satisfied or waived, we may be unable to complete the PSKY Merger in the timeframe or manner currently anticipated or at all.

Failure to complete the PSKY Merger could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including in the event WBD is required to pay the Company Termination Fee and reimburse PSKY for certain payments.

Either WBD or PSKY may terminate the PSKY Merger Agreement if the PSKY Merger has not been consummated by March 4, 2027, subject to an extension to June 4, 2027 specified in the PSKY Merger Agreement. If the PSKY Merger is not completed within the expected timeframe or at all, the ongoing business of WBD could be adversely affected and will be subject to certain risks, including, among others, the following: (i) the market price of our common stock (which may reflect a market assumption that the PSKY Merger will be completed) may decline, (ii) WBD will have incurred, and may continue to incur, significant expenses for professional services and other transaction costs in connection with the PSKY Merger for which we will have received little or no benefit if the PSKY Merger is not completed and (iii) failure to complete the PSKY Merger may result in negative publicity or result in a negative impression of WBD in the investment community and with customers and other stakeholders.

Further, pursuant to the PSKY Merger Agreement, we are subject to certain restrictions on the conduct of our business prior to the closing of the PSKY Merger that restrict us from taking certain or omitting to take certain actions without PSKY’s prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), which may adversely affect our ability to execute certain of our business strategies. If the PSKY Merger is not completed, these risks could materially affect the business and financial results of WBD and the price of our common stock, including to the extent that the current market price of our common stock is positively affected by a market assumption that the PSKY Merger will be completed.

In addition, if the PSKY Merger is terminated, in certain circumstances, we could be required to pay to PSKY a termination fee of $3.0 billion (the “Company Termination Fee”) and reimburse PSKY for (i) any payment made by PSKY, which will in no event be more than $1,528 million, in connection with WBD’s obligation to complete the Junior Lien Exchange Offer by December 30, 2026 and (ii) the Netflix Termination Fee (the “PSKY Reimbursements”). In such circumstances, we may be required to use available cash that would have otherwise been available for general corporate purposes or other uses, which may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

While the PSKY Merger is pending, we will be subject to business uncertainties and certain contractual restrictions that could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

We have expended, and continue to expend, significant management time and resources in an effort to complete a strategic transaction, including the PSKY Merger, which may have a negative impact on our ongoing business and operations. Uncertainty regarding the outcome of the PSKY Merger and our future could disrupt our business relationships with our existing and potential customers, suppliers, distributors, advertisers, content providers, vendors and other business partners, who may attempt to negotiate changes to existing business relationships or consider entering into business relationships with parties other than us. Uncertainty regarding the outcome of the PSKY Merger and related transactions could also adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain key personnel and other employees.

In addition, due to certain restrictions in the PSKY Merger Agreement on the conduct of our business prior to completing the PSKY Merger, we may be unable (without PSKY’s prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), during the pendency of the PSKY Merger, to pursue strategic transactions, undertake certain significant financing transactions and otherwise pursue other actions, even if such actions would prove beneficial, and such restrictions may cause WBD to forego certain opportunities we might otherwise pursue. Further, the PSKY Merger Agreement contains provisions, including the “no shop” provisions, the Company Termination Fee and the PSKY Reimbursements, that could discourage a potential competing acquiror of WBD from making a competing proposal more favorable to us than the PSKY Merger.

Further, litigation may be filed against the board of directors in connection with the PSKY Merger, including putative stockholder complaints or stockholder class action complaints. Such litigation, the outcome of which is uncertain, could divert the attention of WBD management and employees from its day-to-day business, otherwise adversely affect WBD’s business, results of operations and financial condition, result in material adverse judgments or settlements and delay or prevent the completion of the PSKY Merger.

16

The occurrence of any of these events, individually or in combination, could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry

Our businesses operate in highly competitive industries and if we are unable to compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer.

We operate in highly competitive global media and entertainment industries in which we compete for viewers, distribution, and advertising spend. See the discussion under “Business – Competition” that appears above. We face increased competitive pressure for talent, content, audiences, subscribers, advertising spending and production infrastructure. We compete with a broad range of companies engaged in media, entertainment, communications and technology services, some of whom have interests in multiple media and entertainment businesses that are often vertically integrated, all vying for consumer time, attention and discretionary spending. In addition, the composition of our competitors has evolved with the entrance of new market participants, including companies in adjacent sectors with significant financial, marketing and other resources, greater efficiencies of scale, fewer regulatory burdens and more competitive pricing. Such competitors could also have preferential access to important technologies, customer data or other competitive information. Our competitors may also consolidate or enter into business combinations or alliances that strengthen their competitive positions. These increased competitive pressures have resulted in, and could continue to result in, increased costs, including with respect to talent and intellectual property rights.

Our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including our ability to consistently acquire and produce high quality content and our ability to identify and successfully execute strategies and partnerships to distribute our content and attract viewers and subscribers amidst a rapidly evolving competitive landscape. In addition, new technology, including generative artificial intelligence (“AI”), is evolving rapidly and becoming more prevalent in business operations and content generation, and our ability to compete could be adversely affected if our competitors gain an advantage by using such technologies. Piracy could also adversely affect our business, as the unauthorized distribution of copyrighted material is a threat to copyright owners’ ability to maintain the exclusive control over their copyrighted material and thus the value of their property. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or new competitors, or that competition in the marketplace will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Our advertising revenues have been, and may continue to be, adversely impacted by several factors, including the changing landscape of television advertising spending and advertising market conditions.

We derive substantial revenues from the sale of advertising, and a continuing decline in advertising revenues could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Shifting consumer preferences toward streaming services and other digital products and the increasing number of entertainment choices has intensified audience fragmentation and reduced content viewership through traditional linear distribution models. This has changed the landscape of traditional television advertising spending, prompting advertisers to shift their strategies, and ultimately advertising spend, toward streaming services and other digital products to reach target audiences. In addition, a number of other streaming services with larger subscriber bases and greater household penetration offer ad-supported tiers. The increase of digital advertising available in the marketplace, due to both the introduction of ad-supported tiers in competing streaming services and the expansion of free ad-supported television (“FAST”) products, has increased, and is expected to continue to increase, the competition we face for advertising expenditures for both our traditional linear networks and the ad-supported tiers in our streaming services, and has also limited our ability to demand higher rates for our linear and digital advertising inventory or even the same rates that we previously charged for our advertising inventory prior to the surge in digital advertising. There can be no assurance that we can successfully navigate the evolving streaming and digital advertising market or that the advertising revenues we generate in that market will replace the declines in advertising revenues generated from our traditional linear business.

The advertising market is also evolving and sensitive to general economic conditions, consumer buying patterns, advertising agency influences (such as how those advertising agencies manage their clients’ marketing budgets and negotiate for our advertising inventory), and developments in AI technology. Financial instability or a general decline in economic conditions in the U.S. and other countries where our content is distributed could adversely affect the spending priorities of our advertising partners who might reduce their spending, which could result in a decrease in advertising rates and volume and in our overall advertising revenues. Natural and other disasters, pandemics, acts of terrorism, political uncertainty or hostilities could also lead to a reduction in domestic and international advertising expenditures, which could also have an adverse effect on our advertising revenues. The use of AI tools in advertising technology is also becoming more prevalent. If our competitors are able to adopt the use of these tools more rapidly than us, potential advertisers may prefer to advertise with them, which could lead to declines in our advertising revenue.

17

Our advertising revenues are also dependent on our ability to measure viewership and audience engagement across all platforms and in all geographic regions. Although audience measurement systems have evolved and improved to capture the viewership of programming across multiple platforms, they still do not fully capture all viewership across streaming and other digital platforms and advertisers may not be willing to pay advertising rates based on the viewership that is not being measured. In certain geographic regions, our ability to fully capture viewership information may be limited by local laws and regulations.

As further discussed in other parts of this Item 1A. Risk Factors, our ability to generate advertising revenue is also dependent on our ability to compete in highly competitive, rapidly evolving industries, our ability to respond to changes in consumer behavior and our ability to consistently achieve audience acceptance of our content and brands.

Changes in consumer behavior, as well as evolving technologies and distribution models, may negatively affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Our success depends on our ability to anticipate and adapt to changes in consumer behavior and shifting content consumption patterns. The ways in which viewers consume content, and technology and distribution models in the media and entertainment industries, continue to evolve. New distribution platforms, as well as increased competition from new entrants and emerging technologies and the availability of alternative forms of entertainment (including user-generated content), have added to the complexity of maintaining predictable revenues. Technological advancements have empowered consumers to seek more control over how they consume content and have affected the options available to advertisers for reaching target audiences. This trend has impacted certain traditional distribution models, as demonstrated by industry-wide declines in cable ratings, declines in subscribers to the traditional cable bundle, the development of alternative distribution platforms for content, and reduced theatergoing.

Declines in linear television viewership are expected to continue and possibly accelerate, which could adversely affect our advertising and distribution revenues. In order to respond to this decline, changing consumer behavior, increasing preferences to consume content on demand, and changes in content distribution models in the media and entertainment industries, we have invested in, developed and launched streaming services including HBO Max and discovery+. We have incurred and will likely continue to incur significant costs to develop and market our streaming services, including costs related to international expansion, technological enhancements, production of original content and subscriber acquisition. There can be no assurance, however, that consumers and advertisers will embrace our offerings, that subscribers will activate or renew a subscription, particularly given the significant number of streaming services in the marketplace, or that our streaming business or other strategies we implement will be as successful or as profitable as our traditional linear television business.

The film industry has also been impacted by shifting consumer preferences and technological innovation, including, among other things, consumer preferences for viewing movies at home, a vast library of which is available to them through one or more streaming subscriptions, and shorter theatrical release windows. As a response to changing consumer preferences, film studios such as ours can seek to invest in creating compelling films and seek to promote events in connection with feature films in order to enhance the consumer’s movie theater experience. If the film industry (of which we are a part) and exhibitors are unable to successfully create and market “event” films and ultimately evolve and enhance the movie theater experience in response to shifting consumer preferences, the profitability, financial condition and results of operations of our studios business may be negatively impacted.

Each distribution model has different risks and economic consequences for us, and the rapid evolution of consumer preferences may have an economic impact that is not ultimately predictable. Further, technology in the media and entertainment industries continues to evolve rapidly. For example, AI is a new technology for which the advantages and risks associated with its use in our industry are currently largely uncertain and unregulated. Technology such as AI may be used in ways that increase access to publicly available free or relatively inexpensive content that could reduce demand for our content, products and streaming services. Regulations governing new technological developments, such as AI, remain unsettled, and these developments could affect aspects of our business model, including revenue streams for the use of our intellectual property and how we create and distribute our content. If we are not able to access our targeted audience with appealing category-specific content and adapt to new technologies, distribution methods, platforms and business models, we may experience a decline in viewership and ultimately a decline in the demand for our content, which could lead to lower content licensing, distribution, and advertising revenues, materially and adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations.

18

The success of our business depends on the acceptance of our content and brands by our U.S. and international viewers, which may be unpredictable and volatile.

The production and distribution of television programs, feature films, sports and news content are inherently risky businesses because the revenue we derive and our ability to distribute our content depend primarily on consumer tastes and preferences that often change in unpredictable ways. The appeal, success and performance of our content with consumers, as well as with third-party licensees and other distribution partners, are critical factors that can affect the revenue that we receive with respect to our content-related business. Our success depends on our ability to consistently create and acquire content that meets the changing preferences of viewers in general, in special interest groups, in specific demographic categories and in various international marketplaces. For example, generally, feature films that perform well upon initial release also have commercial success in subsequent distribution channels. Therefore, the underperformance of a feature film, especially an “event” film, i.e. one produced at higher cost and intended to reach a wider audience, upon its theatrical release can result in lower-than-expected revenues for our business which could limit our ability to create future content. We are required to make substantial investments in the production or acquisition and marketing of our television programs, feature films, sports and news content before we learn whether such content will reach anticipated levels of popularity with consumers. Failing to gain the level of audience acceptance we expect for our content may negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The commercial success of our content also depends upon the quality and acceptance of competing content available in the applicable marketplace. For example, as some foreign film and filmmaking industries grow and the availability of popular local content rises, the demand from foreign audiences for American films may decrease, which could negatively impact our revenue. Other factors, including the availability of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure time activities, piracy, our ability to develop strong brand awareness and general economic conditions and their effects on consumer spending may also affect the audience demand for our content.

In addition, to the extent our content is perceived as low quality, offensive or otherwise not compelling to viewers, our business could be adversely affected. We could also face boycotts by viewers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, to the extent our marketing, customer service and public relations efforts are not effective or result in negative reaction, the acceptance of our content could likewise be adversely affected. Reduced public acceptance of our television programs, feature films, sports and news content or negative publicity regarding individuals or operations associated with our content or brands may decrease our audience share and customer/viewer reach and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

If our streaming products fail to attract and retain subscribers, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely impacted.

Our HBO Max and discovery+ offerings are subscription-based streaming services and are among many such services in a crowded and highly competitive landscape. Their success and the success of other subscription-based streaming services we may offer in the future will be largely dependent on our ability to initially attract, and ultimately retain, subscribers. If we are unable to effectively market our streaming products or if consumers do not perceive the pricing and related features of our streaming products to be of value versus our competitors, we may not be able to attract and retain subscribers.

Further, decreases in consumer discretionary spending in the markets where our streaming products are offered may reduce our ability to attract and retain subscribers to our services, which could have a negative impact on our business. Relatedly, a decrease in viewing subscribers on our advertising-supported streaming products could also have a negative impact on the rates we are able to charge advertisers for advertising-supported services. The ability to attract and retain subscribers will also depend in part on our ability to provide compelling content choices that are differentiated from that of our competitors and that are more attractive than other sources of entertainment that consumers could choose in their free time. Furthermore, our ability to provide a quality subscriber experience and our relative service levels, may also impact our ability to attract and retain subscribers. In addition, from time to time, we have entered into, and may enter into, partnerships to offer our streaming services as part of a bundle with other streaming services, which may not lead to the anticipated financial benefit or growth in subscribers. Even if such bundling partnerships are successful, if we are unable to maintain existing or create new bundling partnerships, our ability to retain subscribers and grow our business could be adversely impacted.

If existing subscribers, including those who receive subscriptions through wireless, broadband, or streaming bundling arrangements with third parties or through wholesale arrangements with MVPDs, cancel or discontinue their subscriptions for any reason, including as a result of selecting an alternative wireless or broadband plan that does not bundle our products, canceling or discontinuing their MVPD subscription, or due to the availability of competing offerings that are perceived to offer greater value compared to our streaming products, our business may be adversely affected. We would need to add new subscribers both to replace subscribers who cancel or discontinue their subscriptions and to grow our business. If we are unable to attract and retain subscribers and offset the losses of subscribers who cancel or discontinue their subscriptions to our streaming products, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

19

Failure to renew, renewal with less favorable terms, or termination of our content licenses and similar distribution agreements may cause a decline in our revenue.

Because our content and pay-TV networks are licensed to and distributed through third parties, such as traditional television and pay-TV broadcasters (such as cable and satellite operators) and operators of digital platforms, which in turn make such content available, directly and indirectly, to consumers, we are dependent upon the maintenance of these licensing and distribution agreements with such third parties. These agreements generally provide for the scope of licensed rights, including geographic territory, exploitation rights, holdbacks and/or other restrictions, including exclusivity or non-exclusivity, window(s) of exploitation (including first and second pay-TV and free to air broadcast), for the level of carriage our networks will receive, such as channel placement and programming package inclusion (widely distributed, broader programming packages compared to lesser distributed, specialized programming packages), and for payment of a license fee to us based on a number of factors, including the scope of the rights granted, the popularity of the content (as measured in the case of films, for example, by box office performance for certain downstream exploitation) and the date of its first theatrical or pay-TV exhibition.

Our agreements generally have a limited term which varies by territory and distributor, and there can be no assurance that these agreements will be renewed in the future or that they will be renewed on terms that are favorable to us. Whether or not a distributor is willing to renew an agreement on terms that are favorable to us may be dependent upon our decision to make our content available on both our linear networks and our streaming platforms. Failure to renew an agreement prior to its expiration could lead to service blackout, which could in turn affect both our revenues and our reputation with viewers.

While the number of subscribers associated with our networks impacts our ability to generate advertising revenue (as further described elsewhere in this Item 1A. Risk Factors), subscription-based revenue also represents a significant portion of our revenue. The license fees and other commercial terms that we receive are dependent on, among other factors, the acceptance and performance of our content with consumers. A reduction in the license fees that we receive or in the number of subscribers for which we are paid, including as a result of a loss or reduction in carriage for our networks or a reduction in distributor penetration, or as a result of changes in consumer habits, could adversely affect our distribution revenue. Such a loss or reduction in carriage could also decrease the potential audience for our programs thereby adversely affecting our advertising revenue. Changes in distribution strategy and variations on traditional theatrical distribution and other licensing models, such as shortening traditional windows, may also drive changes in the license fees that distributors and other downstream licensees in the value chain may be willing to pay for content, which may in turn negatively affect our revenue. As a result of industry consolidation, our distributors have become and may continue to become larger, and as a result have gained or could gain additional market power. Such consolidation gives these distributors leverage in negotiating their distribution agreements with us which could subject our affiliate fee revenue to reduction or discounts, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition.

In addition, content distribution and license agreements are complex and individually negotiated. For example, some of our distribution agreements contain “most favored nation” clauses, which typically provide that if we enter into an agreement with another distributor which contains certain more favorable terms, we must offer some of those terms to our existing distributors. If we were to disagree with one of the counterparties on the interpretation of a content distribution and license agreement, it could damage our relationship with that counterparty as well as materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We rely on platforms owned by our competitors for digital and linear distribution of our content.

We rely on platforms owned by third parties, some of which compete directly with us or have investments in competing streaming services, to make our content available to our subscribers and viewers. If these third parties do not continue to provide access to our service on their platforms or are unwilling to do so on terms acceptable to us, our business could be adversely affected. If we are not successful in maintaining existing or creating new relationships with these third parties, our ability to retain subscribers and grow our business could be adversely impacted. 

20

We invest significant resources to acquire and maintain licenses to produce sports programming, and there can be no assurance that we will continue to be successful in our efforts to obtain or maintain licenses to recurring sports events or recoup our investment when the content is distributed.

We face significant competition to acquire and maintain licenses to sports programming, which leads to significant expenditure of funds and resources. As a result of an increasing number of market entrants in the programming space, we have seen upward pressure on programming costs in recent years, particularly in connection with the licensing and acquisition of sports content from third parties. We may also be impacted by such upward pressures driven by increasing investment in programming by competitors. In certain international markets, regulations concerning content quotas or content investment requirements may be a further factor driving increasing programming costs. In addition, businesses, including ours, that offer multiple services or that may be vertically integrated and offer both video distribution and programming content, may face closer regulatory review from the competition authorities in the countries in which we currently have operations. If our distributors have to pay higher rates to other holders of sports broadcasting rights, it might be difficult for us to negotiate higher rates for the distribution of our networks. This difficulty could be amplified if we are unable to obtain or maintain licenses for sports programming that we can bundle with our other programming for distribution. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or new competitors to obtain and/or maintain licenses to recurring sports events. For example, in 2024, the Company was engaged in a legal dispute, which has since been settled, with the NBA regarding our license to distribute NBA games and NBA-related content. If our licenses to recurring sports events are not renewed, such nonrenewal could limit our ability to negotiate higher rates for the distribution of our networks. Increasing competition for programming licenses and regulatory review from competition authorities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

There can also be no assurance that we will recoup our investment in sports programming or that revenue from our content distribution agreements will exceed our costs for the rights for sports programming, as well as the other costs of producing and distributing the programming. The value of programming licenses may be negatively affected by factors outside of our control, such as league agreements and decisions to alter the number, frequency and timing of regular and post-season games played during a season, which could affect the value of our sports rights. The impact of these licenses on our results of operations and cash flows over the term of the licenses depends on a number of factors, including the strength of advertising markets, subscription levels, rates for programming and the timing and amount of our rights payments. Our success with sports programming is highly dependent on consumer acceptance of this content and the size of our viewing audience. If viewers do not find our sports programming content acceptable, we could see low viewership, which could lead to low distribution and advertising revenues and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our businesses have been, and in the future may be, subject to labor disruption.

We and some of our suppliers and business partners retain the services of writers, directors, actors, announcers, athletes, technicians, trade employees and others involved in the development and production of our television programs, feature films and interactive entertainment (e.g., games) who are covered by collective bargaining agreements. If negotiations to renew expiring collective bargaining agreements are not successful or become unproductive, the affected unions could take, and have taken, actions such as strikes, work slowdowns or work stoppages. Strikes, work slowdowns, work stoppages, or the possibility of such actions, including the 2023 WGA and SAG-AFTRA strikes and potential future strikes by other unions involved in development and production, have resulted in, and could in the future result in, delays in the production of, or the release of, our television programs, feature films, and interactive entertainment. For example, the 2023 WGA and SAG-AFTRA strikes caused delays in the production of our television programs and feature films and in the release of certain programming, which impacted our business even after the strikes were ultimately resolved.

If the media and entertainment industries experience prolonged strikes, work slowdowns or work stoppages, we may be unable to produce, distribute or license programming, feature films, and interactive entertainment, which could result in reduced revenue and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, the 2023 WGA and SAG-AFTRA strikes had a material impact on the operations and results of the Company. See the discussion under “Business – Industry Trends” that appears above. In addition, the pausing and restarting of certain productions resulted in incremental costs, delayed the completion and release of some of our content (films, television programs, and licensed programs) and could cause an impairment of our investment in film, television programs, or licensed program rights if the incremental costs are significant or we are unable to efficiently complete the production of the film, television show or program or decide to abandon the production.

21

We may also enter into new collective bargaining agreements or renew collective bargaining agreements on less favorable terms and incur higher costs as a result of prolonged strikes, work slowdowns, or work stoppages. Many of the collective bargaining agreements that cover individuals providing services to the Company are industry-wide agreements, and we may lack practical control over the negotiations and terms of these agreements. Union or labor disputes or player lock-outs relating to certain professional sports leagues may preclude us from producing and telecasting scheduled games or events and could negatively impact our promotional and marketing opportunities. Depending on their duration, union or labor disputes or player lock-outs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We have recognized, and could continue to recognize, impairment charges related to goodwill and other intangible assets.

We have a significant amount of goodwill and other intangible assets on our consolidated balance sheets. In accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”), management periodically assesses these assets to determine if they are impaired. (See Note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) The occurrence of certain events or circumstances has resulted in, and could continue to result in, a downward revision in the estimated fair value of a reporting unit or intangible assets. For example, continued negative industry or economic trends, including the decline of traditional linear television viewership and linear ad revenues, declining levels of global GDP growth and soft advertising markets in the U.S., disruptions to our business, inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses, execution risk associated with anticipated growth in our streaming products, underperformance of our content, failure to renew content licenses and distribution agreements, including affiliate and sports rights renewals, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in use of the assets, including in connection with restructuring initiatives, divestitures and continued decline in our market capitalization could negatively affect our estimates of the fair value of our reporting units. When events or changes in circumstances such as this occur, we have needed to, and may in the future need to, write down the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets. If we determine that our estimate of the fair value of a reporting unit is below the recorded value of that unit on our balance sheet, we may record a non-cash impairment loss for the goodwill. For example, in 2024, we determined that our estimate of the fair value of our Global Linear Networks reporting unit was below its recorded value on our balance sheet and we recorded a $9.1 billion pre-tax, non-cash impairment of goodwill. Any charges relating to the impairment of our goodwill and other intangible assets could materially adversely affect our results of operations in the periods recognized.

We consider all current information when determining the need for, or calculating, any impairment loss. However, future changes in events or circumstances, such as a continuation or worsening of the current negative industry and economic trends and the other events and circumstances described above, could result in decreases in the fair value of our goodwill and other intangible assets and require us to record additional impairment losses that could materially adversely affect our results of operations in the periods recognized.

Service disruptions or outages affecting communications satellites or other externally managed critical technology infrastructure, including cloud-based platforms and connectivity services we rely upon, could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We rely on communications satellites, cloud service providers, and other third-party infrastructure and service providers to support the transmission, storage, processing, and delivery of our content and to operate key aspects of our business. We also rely on communications satellites, transmitter facilities, and other technical infrastructure, including fiber and other connectivity services, to transmit programming to affiliates and other distributors. Shutdowns, outages, or other service disruptions affecting communications satellites, cloud-based platforms, transmitter facilities, or related infrastructure will pose significant risks to our operations.

Such disruptions could be caused by power outages, fires, natural disasters, extreme weather, terrorist attacks, war, failures or impairments of communications satellites or cloud-based platforms, failures of on-ground uplinks or downlinks, connectivity interruptions, employee misconduct, third-party interference, failure of service providers to meet contractual requirements, or other similar events. If a communications satellite, cloud-based platform, or other transmission or hosting means (e.g., fiber or other connectivity services) is not able to support our operations, or if any material component thereof fails or becomes inoperable, we may not be able to secure a timely alternative due to, among other factors, the limited number of available service providers and the potential need for additional lead time, technical resources, or infrastructure to implement alternatives. Any such disruption could impair the delivery of our programming or services, harm our reputation, and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

22

Risks Related to Our Financial, Capital and Corporate Structure

The terms of the Bridge Loan Facility may restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions.

In June 2025, we and DGH, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into the Bridge Loan Facility with respect to an 18-month $17 billion term loan, and in February 2026, the Bridge Loan Facility was extended. The Bridge Loan Facility contains a number of restrictive covenants that impose operating restrictions on us and may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interest, including the right to engage in mergers, consolidations and asset sales, incur debt and liens, enter into transactions with affiliates, pay dividends and certain other restricted payments and make certain restricted investments. The Bridge Loan Facility requires the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our debt, thereby reducing the amount of cash flow available for other purposes such as capital expenditures, investments, share repurchases, mergers and acquisitions, other business opportunities, and other purposes. The Bridge Loan Facility bears interest at a variable rate, which exposes us to the risk of increased interest rates. If we are not able to service our debt or refinance our debt as it becomes due, we could be forced to take unfavorable actions, including limiting investment in our business or selling assets.

A breach of the covenants, nonpayment of any principal or interest when due under the Bridge Loan Facility or upon the occurrence of certain significant corporate events could result in an event of default under the Bridge Loan Facility, which may allow lenders to declare all loans outstanding under the Bridge Loan Facility (including accrued interest and fees payable thereunder) immediately due and payable. Furthermore, an event of default under the Bridge Loan Facility could result in the acceleration of any of our other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. Any such default, and any resulting acceleration of our outstanding indebtedness, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

In addition, the obligations under the Bridge Loan Facility are secured by a lien on substantially all of the personal property assets of DGH, the Company and certain of its wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries and are guaranteed by the Company and certain of its wholly owned subsidiaries. If we are unable to repay the amounts due and payable under the Bridge Loan Facility, the lenders could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the loans under the Bridge Loan Facility, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We may be unable to obtain permanent financing to refinance the Bridge Loan Facility on favorable terms in a timely manner or at all.

Borrowings under the Bridge Loan Facility, net of any prepayments, will become payable in full on the earlier of (x) June 30, 2027 and (y) the date that the previously proposed Separation Transaction occurs. Although we expect to refinance or replace the Bridge Loan Facility with permanent financing prior to its maturity, we may be unable to obtain permanent financing on favorable terms in a timely manner or at all. The permanent financing could subject us to higher borrowing costs and additional restrictive covenants not present in the agreements governing our existing debt or in the Bridge Loan Facility, which could reduce our profitability and diminish our operational flexibility. In addition, the PSKY Merger Agreement imposes certain conditions on the refinancing of the Bridge Loan Facility. If we are unable to refinance or replace the Bridge Loan Facility or access additional credit, or if borrowing costs dramatically increase, our ability to meet our short-term and long-term obligations could be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We have a significant amount of debt and may incur additional debt, which could adversely affect our financial health and our ability to react to changes in our business and our ability to incur debt, and the use of our funds could be limited by the restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our credit agreements and senior notes.

Our consolidated indebtedness as of December 31, 2025 was $32,567 million, of which $139 million is current. In addition, we have the ability to draw down on a $4,000 million revolving credit facility in the ordinary course, which would have the effect of further increasing our debt to the extent drawn. We are also permitted, subject to certain restrictions under our existing debt agreements, to obtain additional long-term debt and working capital lines of credit to meet future financing needs. This would have the effect of further increasing our leverage ratio.

Our loan agreements contain restrictive covenants, as well as requirements to comply with certain leverage ratio and other financial maintenance tests. These covenants and requirements could limit our ability to take various actions, including incurring additional debt, guaranteeing indebtedness and engaging in various types of transactions, including mergers, acquisitions and sales of assets, or to take advantage of other opportunities, which could have an adverse effect on our business. 

23

In addition, our corporate or debt-specific credit rating could be downgraded, which may increase our borrowing costs or subject us to even more restrictive covenants when we incur new debt in the future, which could reduce profitability and diminish operational flexibility. In 2025, S&P, Moody’s and Fitch downgraded certain of our ratings in part due to declines in our linear business, including as a result of the weak operating environment, our leverage ratio, and an increase in secured debt and uncertainty in connection with the previously planned separation of Warner Bros. Credit rating agencies may continue to review and adjust our ratings or outlook.

If we are unable to effectively reduce and sustain our leverage ratio, it could have significant negative consequences on our financial condition and results of operations, including:

•
impairing our ability to meet one or more of the financial ratio covenants contained in our revolving credit facility or our term loan credit facility or to generate cash sufficient to pay the interest or principal, which could result in an acceleration of some or all of our outstanding debt in the event that an uncured default occurs;

•
increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and market conditions;

•
limiting our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing;

•
requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our debt, thereby reducing the amount of cash flow available for other purposes such as capital expenditures, investments, share repurchases, mergers and acquisitions, other business opportunities, and other purposes;

•
requiring us to sell debt or equity securities or to sell some of our core assets, possibly on unfavorable terms, to meet payment obligations;

•
limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the markets in which we compete; and

•
placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage with less leveraged competitors and competitors that may have better access to capital resources.

We could be unable to obtain cash in amounts sufficient to meet our financial obligations or other commitments.

Our ability to meet our financial obligations and other contractual commitments will depend upon our ability to access cash. We are a holding company, and our sources of cash include our available cash balances, net cash from the operating activities of our subsidiaries, any dividends and interest we may receive from our investments, availability under our credit facilities or any credit facilities that we may obtain in the future and proceeds from any asset sales we may undertake in the future. The ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or to make other payments or advances to us will depend on their individual operating results and any statutory, regulatory or contractual restrictions, including restrictions under our credit facilities, to which they may be or may become subject. Under the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, we were subject to U.S. taxes for the deemed repatriation of certain cash balances held by foreign corporations. While the Company intends to continue to permanently reinvest most of these funds outside of the U.S., current plans include a one-time repatriation of a portion of these funds in 2026.

Forecasting our financial results requires us to make judgments and estimates which may differ materially from actual results.

Given the dynamic nature of our business, the current uncertain economic climate and the inherent limitations in predicting the future, forecasts of our revenues, adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (as defined in Note 23 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, “Adjusted EBITDA”), free cash flow and subscriber growth, and other financial and operating data, may differ materially from actual results, including as a result of events outside of our control and other risks and uncertainties described herein. Such discrepancies could cause a decline in the trading price of our common stock.

Corporate restructurings, strategic transactions and acquisitions present many risks and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals that were contemplated at the time of any transaction.

From time to time we may adjust our corporate structure, reporting and operating segments, or business strategies in connection with significant transactions, changes occurring across an evolving media landscape, macroeconomic conditions and/or other changes related to our business. For example, during fiscal year 2022, in connection with the completion of the acquisition (the “WarnerMedia Merger”) in which we acquired the WarnerMedia business (the “WarnerMedia Business”) from AT&T Inc. (“AT&T”), we changed our segment presentation and implemented various restructuring and transformation initiatives. During fiscal year 2025, we implemented a new corporate structure whereby the Company reorganized into two distinct operating divisions. Further, in connection with the previously proposed Separation Transaction, we have implemented, and may continue to implement, various restructuring initiatives. Such changes could incur unforeseen costs and disruptions, are subject to execution risk, and may not produce the anticipated benefits.

24

Certain of our businesses are conducted through joint ventures or partnerships with one or more third parties, in which we share ownership, management, and profits of the business operation to varying degrees.

Certain of our businesses are conducted through joint ventures or partnerships with one or more third parties, where we have varying degrees of ownership and influence. From time to time, we may disagree with our joint venture partners on the strategy or management of a joint venture business but may be constrained in our ability to make decisions unilaterally as a result of legal or contractual obligations to our joint venture partners, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we believe our relationship with our third-party partners is an important factor in the success of any joint venture or partnership. If a partner changes, our relationship may be adversely affected and we may not realize the anticipated benefits from such joint venture or partnership.

Our charter and bylaws contain provisions that may make it difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if such acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders. 

Certain provisions of our charter and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control that a stockholder may consider favorable. These provisions include the following:

•
authorizing the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could be issued by our board of directors to increase the number of outstanding shares and thwart a takeover attempt;

•
limiting who may call special meetings of stockholders, including by imposing a 20% voting power ownership threshold and certain procedural requirements and limitations on the ability of stockholders to call a special meeting;

•
prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, thereby requiring stockholder action to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders;

•
establishing advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings; and

•
the existence of authorized and unissued stock which would allow our board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, thereby protecting the continuity of our management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to obtain control of us.

In addition, under our charter, we have not opted out of the protections of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, and we are therefore governed by Section 203 (which does not, for the avoidance of doubt, apply to the PSKY Merger). Accordingly, it is expected that Section 203 will have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions that our board of directors does not approve in advance and that Section 203 may discourage takeover attempts that might result in a premium over the market price of WBD capital stock.

These provisions are intended to protect our stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors and by providing our board of directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to make us immune from takeovers. As noted above, these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board of directors determines is not in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders. Accordingly, if our board of directors determines that a potential business combination transaction is not in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders, but certain stockholders believe that such a transaction would be beneficial to us and our stockholders, such stockholders may elect to sell their shares in WBD and the market price of WBD common stock could decrease.

25

Risks Related to Domestic and Foreign Laws and Regulations; Other Risks Related to International Operations

Changes in laws and regulations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Programming services like ours, and the distributors of our services, including cable operators, satellite operators and other multi-channel video programming distributors, are regulated by U.S. federal laws and regulations issued and administered by various federal agencies, including the FCC, as well as by state and local governments, in ways that affect the daily conduct of our video content business. These laws and regulations are constantly subject to change. Current obligations and regulations, among other things, require closed captioning of programming for the hearing impaired, require certain content providers to make available audio descriptions of programming for the visually impaired, impose other accessibility requirements, and limit the amount and content of commercial matter that may be shown during programming aimed primarily at an audience of children aged 12 and under. See the discussion under “Business – Regulatory Matters” that appears above. The U.S. Congress, the FCC, the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”), U.S. state legislatures, and the courts currently have under consideration, and may adopt or interpret in the future, new laws, regulations and policies regarding a wide variety of matters that could, directly or indirectly, affect the operations of our U.S. media properties or modify the terms under which we offer our services and operate. Additionally, certain Executive Orders from the U.S. government could affect our business, operations, strategies, and increase our costs of compliance.

Additional U.S. federal and state laws and regulations apply or may be adopted with respect to our digital products and services, covering such issues as data privacy and security, the online safety of children and teens, dissemination or moderation of user-generated content, advertising, competition, pricing, content, copyrights and trademarks, access by persons with disabilities, distribution, taxation and characteristics and quality of products and services. The scope of regulation may differ depending on how these products and services are used and/or purchased. In addition, the FCC from time to time considers whether some or all digital services should be considered MVPDs and regulated as such, or otherwise subjected to rules that apply to traditional communications providers. Such determination would increase our regulatory burdens substantially.

Risks related to international operations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We produce and distribute programming and operate streaming services outside the U.S. As a result, our business is, and may increasingly be, subject to certain risks inherent in international business, many of which are beyond our control. These risks include:

•
laws and policies affecting trade and taxes, including tariffs, and laws and policies relating to the repatriation of funds and withholding taxes, and changes in these laws;

•
local regulatory requirements (and any changes to such requirements), including restrictions on content, censorship, imposition of local content quotas, local production levies and investment obligations, and restrictions or prohibitions on foreign ownership, outsourcing, consumer protection, targeted advertising, intellectual property and related rights, including copyright and rightsholder rights and remuneration;

•
our ability to obtain the appropriate licenses and other regulatory approvals we need to distribute content in foreign countries, as well as regulatory intervention on how we currently operate, including how we license and distribute content;

•
differing degrees of protection for intellectual property and varying attitudes toward the piracy of intellectual property; 

•
regulations governing new technological developments, such as generative AI, which are nascent and rapidly evolving such that the impact on areas related to our business remains uncertain;

•
foreign exchange regulations, or significant fluctuations in foreign currency value and foreign exchange rates, as further described below in this section;

•
capital, currency exchange and central banking controls;

•
the instability of foreign economies and governments;

•
the potential for political, social, or economic unrest, terrorism, hostilities, cyber-attacks or war, including the ongoing conflicts in Europe and the Middle East;

•
anti-corruption laws and regulations, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, that impose stringent requirements on how we conduct our foreign operations (and any changes to such laws and regulations);

•
sanction laws and regulations, such as those administered by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, that restrict our dealings with certain sanctioned countries, territories, individuals and entities; these laws and regulations are complex, frequently changing, and increasing in number, and may impose additional prohibitions or compliance obligations on our dealings in certain countries and territories, including sanctions imposed on Russia, certain Ukrainian territories, and China; 

26

•
challenges implementing effective controls to monitor business activities across our expanded international operations; 

•
restrictions on transfers of personal data under foreign privacy and data protection laws and U.S. national security regulations, including the Preventing Access to U.S. Sensitive Personal Data and Government-Related Data by Countries of Concern or Covered Persons Rule issued by the U.S. Department of Justice;

•
foreign privacy and data protection laws and regulations and changes in these laws and regulations; and

•
shifting consumer preferences regarding the viewing of video programming and consumption of entertainment content overall.

Events or developments related to these and other risks associated with international trade could adversely affect our revenues from non-U.S. sources as well as our costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, some foreign markets where we and our partners operate may be more adversely affected by current economic conditions than the U.S. We also may incur substantial expense as a result of changes, including the imposition of new restrictions, in the existing regulatory, economic or political environment in the regions where we do business.

The evolving regulatory environment in international markets may also impact strategy, costs and results of operations, including with respect to local programming levies and investment obligations, satisfaction of local content quotas, access to local production incentive schemes, and direct and indirect digital taxes or levies on internet-based programming services.

We are subject to domestic and international privacy and data protection laws, which impact our ability to collect, transfer and use personal information. Our efforts to comply with such laws, which are continually evolving, could impose costly obligations on us and generate additional regulatory and litigation risk.

We are subject to domestic and international laws associated with the collection, storage, disclosure, use and protection of personal data, including under the European General Data Protection Regulation, more than a dozen U.S. federal and state privacy laws, including, but not limited to, the California Consumer Privacy Act, and many other international laws and regulations. These laws and regulations are continually evolving and many more U.S. state and federal laws and international laws may pass this year and over the next few years. See the discussion above in “Business – Regulatory Matters.” These evolving privacy, security and data protection laws could require us to expend significant resources to implement additional data privacy and data protection measures, and novel theories and aggressive enforcement of such laws could result in legal claims, regulatory enforcement actions and significant fines and penalties, as well as harm to our reputation and market position.

In addition, increased regulation and enforcement of data utilization practices, including self-regulation or findings under existing laws that limit our ability to collect, transfer and use personal information, could adversely affect our business. We could become subject to additional and/or more stringent legal obligations concerning our treatment of subscriber and other personal information, such as laws regarding data localization, data transfer and/or restrictions on data export. Failure to comply with these obligations could subject us to liability, and to the extent that we need to alter our business model or practices to adapt to these obligations, we could incur additional expenses, and such changes could adversely affect our ability to generate advertising revenue.

Environmental, social and governance laws, and regulations may adversely impact our businesses. 

U.S. regulators, international regulators, investors, consumers and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on environmental, social, and governance considerations. For example, domestic and international laws and regulations relating to environmental, social and governance matters, including environmental sustainability and climate change, human capital management, AI, and cybersecurity, are under consideration or have been adopted.

Many such laws, including the European Union’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive and the greenhouse gas emission regulations that have already been adopted in the state of California and that have been proposed in other jurisdictions, include specific, quantitative disclosures regarding our global operations, both upstream and downstream. These increased disclosure obligations have required and may continue to require us to implement new practices and reporting processes, and have created and may continue to create additional compliance risk.

Increasing scrutiny of, and evolving expectations for, sustainability initiatives could increase

costs relating to tracking, reporting and compliance, harm our reputation or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Additionally, if we are unable to live up to evolving stakeholder expectations and industry standards for environmental, social and governance issues, or if we are perceived by consumers, stockholders or employees to have not responded appropriately with respect to these issues, our reputation, and therefore our ability to sell our content, products and services, could be negatively impacted. If, as a result of their assessment of our position on environmental, social, and governance matters, certain investors are dissatisfied with our actions, they may reconsider their investment in the Company. Providers of debt and equity financing may also consider our position on these issues and the ratings of external firms (which we have limited ability to influence) in their decisions involving the Company, which could impact our cost of capital and adversely affect our business.

27

Foreign exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our operating results and financial conditions.

We have significant operations in a number of foreign jurisdictions and certain of our operations are conducted and certain of our debt obligations are denominated in foreign currencies. The value of these foreign currencies fluctuates relative to the U.S. dollar. As a result, we have exposure to foreign currency risk as we enter into transactions and make investments denominated in multiple currencies. Adverse business performance and financial results from unforeseen changes in foreign currency exchange rates could increase our cost of borrowing or make it more difficult for us to obtain future financing, which could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial conditions. Where appropriate, we manage our exposure to foreign currency risk by entering into derivative instruments with counterparty banks, which exposes us to counterparty credit risk.

Our consolidated financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, and to prepare those financial statements we must translate the amounts of the assets, liabilities, net sales, other revenues and expenses of our operations outside of the U.S. from local currencies into U.S. dollars using exchange rates for the current period. This exposure to exchange rate fluctuations could have an adverse effect on our reported results of operations and net asset balances.

Increasing complexity of global tax policy and regulations could increase our tax liability and adversely impact our business and results of operations.

We continue to face the increasing complexity of operating a global business, and we are subject to ever-changing tax policy and regulations around the world. Many foreign jurisdictions are contemplating additional taxes and/or levies on over-the-top services, as well as on media advertising. Other changes in tax laws and the interpretations thereof, or the enactment of new tax legislation in the U.S. or abroad, could have a material impact on our tax liability. In addition, many foreign jurisdictions have increased scrutiny and have either changed, or plan to change, their international tax systems due to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development’s (“OECD”) Base Erosion and Profit Shifting recommendations. These recommendations include, among other things, profit reallocation rules and a framework for a 15% global minimum corporate income tax rate. Certain countries in which we operate have adopted legislation, and other countries are expected to introduce legislation, to implement these recommendations. In January 2026, the OECD issued additional guidance on the minimum tax framework, including a “side by side” safe harbor framework that would apply to U.S.-parented groups. Even if this safe harbor applies, we would still be subject to local minimum tax regimes in countries that have adopted these rules. The application of the OECD’s recommendations and implementation of legislation is evolving, and we continue to assess the potential impact on our future tax liability.

Additional complexity has also arisen with respect to state aid; i.e., state resources used to provide recipients an advantage on a selective basis that has or could distort competition and affect trade between European member states. In recent years the European Commission has increased their scrutiny of state aid and has deviated from historical E.U. state aid practices. We receive material amounts of financial incentives for conducting our content production activities in various jurisdictions that offer such incentives. If the E.U. or other jurisdictions were to restrict our ability to receive these incentives, such restrictions could have a material impact on our results of operations.

28

General Risks

Theft of our intellectual property, unauthorized duplication, distribution and exhibitions of our intellectual property, and other impairments of our intellectual property rights may decrease revenues and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

The success of our business depends in part on effective and deterrent laws efficiently implemented by law enforcement to enable our ability to maintain and enforce the intellectual property rights underlying our content and brands. We are a global media and entertainment company, and piracy or other infringement of our intellectual property (including digital content, feature films, television programming, gaming, and other content), brands and other intellectual property has the potential to materially adversely affect us. Piracy is particularly prevalent in parts of the world that do not effectively enforce intellectual property rights and laws. Even in territories like the U.S. that have stronger intellectual property laws, legal frameworks that are unresponsive to modern realities, combined with the lack of effective technological prevention and enforcement measures, may impede our enforcement efforts. Our enforcement activities depend in part on third parties, including technology and platform providers, whose cooperation and effectiveness cannot be assured to any degree. In addition, technological advances that allow the almost instantaneous unauthorized copying and downloading of content into digital formats without any degradation of quality from the original facilitate the rapid creation, transmission, and sharing of high-quality unauthorized copies. This is also true for broadcast signals, which can be retransmitted without any degradation of quality from the original via unauthorized services. Other technological developments that increase the threat of infringement of our intellectual property include advances in AI, such as generative AI and large language model applications and the recent emergence of AI video generation platforms, digital copying, file compression technology, growing penetration of high-bandwidth internet connections, increased availability and speed of mobile data networks and new devices and applications that enable unauthorized access to content. In addition, the proliferation of user-generated content sites and live and stored video streaming sites that deliver unauthorized copies of copyrighted content could adversely affect our business. The proliferation of unauthorized reproduction, display, distribution and/or use of our content may have a material adverse effect on our business and profitability. For example, it may reduce the revenue that we potentially could receive from the legitimate sale and distribution of our content, as well as from the sale of advertising in connection with our content. Our more successful and popular content or franchises could experience higher levels of piracy or other infringing activity, particularly around key release dates, which could adversely affect our revenue. We may also need to spend significant amounts of money on improvement of technological platform security and enforcement activities, including litigation, to protect our intellectual property rights. Further, new technologies such as generative AI and their impact on our intellectual property rights remain uncertain, and development of the law in this area could negatively impact our ability to deploy new technologies or our ability to protect against infringing uses or result in infringement claims against us. In addition, our use or adoption of new and emerging technologies could also increase our exposure to intellectual property claims and further increase our enforcement costs.

Additionally, any impairment of our intellectual property rights, including due to changes in U.S. or foreign laws, the absence of effective legal protections or enforcement measures, or the inability to negotiate license or distribution agreements with third parties, could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. As a global company, we are subject to laws in the U.S. and abroad, as well as trade agreements which may limit our ability to exploit our intellectual property. For example, in certain countries, including China, laws and regulations limit the number of foreign films exhibited in such countries in a calendar year. 

Further, from time to time, third parties may also challenge the validity or scope of our intellectual property and may assert infringement claims against us, and the success of any such challenges could result in the limitation or loss of intellectual property rights. Irrespective of their validity, such claims may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources which could have an adverse effect on our operations.

Our success depends on attracting, developing, motivating and retaining key employees and creative talent within our business. Significant shortfalls in recruitment or retention, or failure to adequately motivate or compensate employees or creative talent, could adversely affect our ability to compete and achieve our strategic goals.

Attracting, developing, motivating, retaining and investing in talented employees are essential to the successful delivery of our content, products and services and success in the marketplace. Our business depends upon the continued efforts, abilities and expertise of our corporate and divisional executive teams and entertainment personalities, and the ability to attract and retain these talented employees and personalities is critical in the development and delivery of content, products and services, which are integral components of our growth strategy. Competition for employees and personalities can be intense and if we are unable to successfully integrate, motivate and competitively recognize and reward our current employees, we may not be able to retain them. If we are unable to retain these employees or attract new employees in the future, our ability to effectively compete with our competitors and to grow our business could be materially adversely affected.

Additionally, the pendency of the PSKY Merger could adversely affect both employee morale and our reputation as an employer, which could make it more difficult for us to retain existing employees and hire new employees in the future.

29

In addition, we employ or contract with talent who may have loyal audiences. These individuals are important to audience endorsement of our programs and other content. There can be no assurance that these individuals will remain with us or retain their current audiences. If we fail to retain or attract key individuals or if our talent loses their current audience base or suffer negative publicity, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

We face cybersecurity and related risks, which could lead to the disclosure of confidential information, disruption of our programming services, damage to our brands and reputation, legal liabilities, and financial losses.

We and our partners rely on various technology systems, including cloud services, content delivery, and other networks, in connection with the production, distribution and broadcast of our programming, and our online, mobile and app offerings, as well as our internal systems, involve the storage and transmission of personal and proprietary information. We are subject to risks caused by the misappropriation, misuse, falsification, or intentional or accidental release or loss of business or personal data or content maintained in our or our service providers’ systems, including personal and proprietary information of third parties, employees and users of our online, mobile and app offerings, business information, including intellectual property, or other confidential information. Additionally, remote access to our networks and systems and the networks and systems of our partners is substantial and may cause such networks and systems to be more vulnerable to cyberattacks or incidents.

In the ordinary course of our business, cyber criminals and other malicious actors consistently target us and our service providers. Our systems and our service providers’ systems have been, and likely will continue to be, targets and in some cases breached as a result of cybersecurity attacks. These systems could also be breached or disrupted due to employee error or misconduct, system vulnerabilities, power outages, natural disasters, extreme weather, terrorist attacks, war or other catastrophic events, as well as malicious code, hacking and phishing attacks, malware, ransomware, or otherwise. In addition, despite efforts to detect cybersecurity breaches,

cybersecurity attacks can persist for an extended period of time before being detected, and following detection, it may take

considerable time to understand the nature, scope, impact and timing of the cyberattack or resolve the cyberattack. The risk of cyberattacks is significant and continues to evolve as technologies advance and cyber criminals conduct their attacks using more sophisticated methods, including those which use AI. We may be unable to anticipate these methods and implement adequate preventative measures. 

The risk of cyberattacks has also increased and is expected to continue to increase in connection with geopolitical events and dynamics, including ongoing conflicts in Europe and the Middle East and tensions with Russia, China, North Korea, Iran and other states. State-sponsored parties or their supporters may launch retaliatory cyberattacks, and may attempt to cause supply chain disruptions, or carry out other geopolitically motivated retaliatory actions that may adversely disrupt or degrade our operations and may result in data compromise. In addition, our high-profile sports and entertainment programming and extensive news coverage of elections, sociopolitical events and public controversies may subject us to heightened cybersecurity risks. Cybersecurity threats originate from a wide variety of sources/malicious actors, including, but not limited to, persons who constitute an insider threat, who are involved with organized crime, or who may be linked to terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments. Malicious actors have attempted to, and may continue to attempt to, fraudulently induce employees, customers, or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data systems or that of our service providers, customers or clients through social engineering, phishing, mobile phone malware, account takeovers, SIM card swapping, or similar methods.

We have implemented processes, strategies and incident response plans designed to identify, assess and manage cybersecurity risks and information security vulnerabilities (as further described in Item 1C. Cybersecurity). However, our procedures may not be sufficient to adequately mitigate the negative impacts of a cybersecurity breach or adverse event and we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate us for any losses that may occur. Additionally, applicable data privacy laws and regulations may require us to notify relevant regulators and/or consumers of cybersecurity incidents, or to implement other requirements, any of which could be costly.

If our or our service providers’ information security systems or data are compromised, such compromises could result in a disruption of services or a reduction of the revenues we are able to generate from such services, damage to our brands and reputation, a loss of confidence in the security of our offerings and services, and significant legal, regulatory and financial exposure, each of which could potentially have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

30

Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be negatively impacted by the outcome of uncertainties related to litigation.

From time to time, we are subject to a number of legal claims, regulatory investigations, litigation actions (asserted individually and/or on behalf of a class), and/or arbitration proceedings, both in the U.S. and in foreign countries, including, at any particular time, claims relating to antitrust, intellectual property, employment, wage and hour, consumer privacy, free speech, regulatory and tax proceedings, contractual and commercial disputes, and the production, distribution, and licensing of our content. We also spend substantial resources complying with various government standards, including any related investigations and litigation. We may incur significant expenses defending such suits or government charges and may be required to pay amounts or otherwise change our operations in ways that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. This could result in an increase in our cost for defense or settlement of claims or indemnification obligations if we were to be found liable in excess of our historical experience. Even if we believe a claim is without merit, and/or we ultimately prevail, defending against the claim could be time-consuming and costly and divert our management’s attention and resources away from our business.

In addition, our insurance may not be adequate to protect us from all significant expenses related to pending and future claims and our current levels of insurance may not be available in the future at commercially reasonable prices. Any of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Global economic conditions and other global events may have an adverse effect on our business.

Our business is significantly affected by prevailing economic conditions and levels of consumer discretionary spending. A downturn in global economic conditions may negatively affect our current and potential customers, particularly advertisers whose expenditures are sensitive to general economic conditions, vendors and others with whom we do business and their ability to satisfy their obligations to us. Inflationary conditions or an increase in price levels generally increases our content production costs and other costs of doing business, which could negatively affect our profitability. Further, a high interest rate environment, whether arising out of a policy response to inflationary conditions or otherwise, increases the costs of our securitization portfolio, which may also negatively affect our results of operations.

Decreases in consumer discretionary spending in the U.S. and other countries where our content is distributed may cause a decrease in cable television subscriptions, subscriptions to our streaming products, or movie theater attendance to view our feature films, among others, all of which may negatively affect our revenues and results of operations.

In addition, our business and operations has been, and in the future could be, disrupted or impacted by other global events, including political, social, or economic unrest, terrorism, hostilities, natural disasters such as earthquakes, or pandemics. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic had numerous effects on our business, including a decrease in advertising revenues, a postponement of significant live events, and reduced movie theater attendance. Other global events in the future could disrupt our business and operations in unpredictable ways.

The market price of our common stock has been highly volatile and may continue to be volatile due, in part, to circumstances beyond our control.

The market price of our common stock has fluctuated, and may continue to fluctuate, due to many factors, some of which may be beyond our control. These factors include, without limitation: 

•
actual or anticipated variations in our financial and operating results;

•
changes in our estimates, guidance or business plans;

•
variations between our actual results and expectations of securities analysts, or changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts;

•
market sentiment about our industry in general or our business in particular, including our level of debt, our leverage ratio, credit ratings, and our ability to effectively compete in the categories and industries in which we operate;

•
sales of our stock in the public market by our stockholders, some of whom, together with their affiliates, hold large amounts of our stock;

•
the activities, operating results or stock price of our competitors, or other industry participants;

•
spending on domestic and foreign television and digital advertising;

•
the announcement or completion of, or interim developments or publicity related to, significant transactions by us (such as the PSKY Merger) or a competitor;

•
overall general market fluctuations and other events affecting the stock market generally; and 

31

•
the economic and political conditions in the U.S. and internationally, as well as other factors described in this Item 1A. Risk Factors.

Some of these factors may adversely impact the price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. Further, volatility in the price of our common stock may negatively impact our business, including by limiting our financing options for acquisitions and other business expansion.

Our participation in multiemployer defined benefit pension plans could subject us to liabilities that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We contribute to various multiemployer defined benefit pension plans (the “multiemployer plans”) under the terms of collective bargaining agreements that cover certain of our union-represented employees which could subject us to liabilities in certain circumstances. The amount of funds we may be obligated to contribute to multiemployer plans in the future cannot be estimated, as these amounts are based on future levels of work of the union-represented employees covered by the multiemployer plans, investment returns and the funding status of such plans. As of December 31, 2025, we were an employer that provided more than 5% of total contributions to certain of the multiemployer plans in which we participate. If we choose to stop participating or substantially reduce participation in certain of these plans, we may be subject to a withdrawal liability. In addition, actions taken by any other participating employer that lead to a deterioration of the financial health of a multiemployer plan may result in the unfunded obligations of the multiemployer plan being borne by its remaining participating employers, including us. To the extent a multiemployer plan is underfunded or in endangered, seriously endangered or critical status, additional required contributions and benefit reductions may apply. We currently contribute to multiemployer plans that are underfunded, and, as such, under federal law we may be subject to substantial liabilities in the event of a complete or partial withdrawal from, or a voluntary or involuntary withdrawal from, or termination of, such plans. There can be no assurance that we will not be subject to liabilities in the future due to the foregoing or other circumstances that may arise in connection with these plans or that we can adequately mitigate these costs, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.