Negative
 worldwide economic conditions could continue to result in a
 decrease in our sales and revenue and an increase in our
 operating costs, which could continue to adversely affect our
 business and operating results.

 If the current worldwide economic downturn continues, many of
 our direct and indirect customers may delay or reduce their
 purchases of our products and systems containing our products.
 In addition, many of our customers in each of the OEM,
 distribution and retail channels rely on credit financing in
 order to purchase our products. If the negative conditions in
 the global credit markets prevent our customers’ access to
 credit, product orders in these channels may decrease, which
 could result in lower revenue. Likewise, if our suppliers face
 challenges in obtaining credit, in selling their products or
 otherwise in operating their businesses, they may become unable
 to offer the materials we use to manufacture our products. These
 actions could result in reductions in our revenue, increased
 price competition and increased operating costs, which could
 adversely affect our business, results of operations and
 financial condition.

 Negative
 worldwide economic conditions could prevent us from accurately
 forecasting demand for our products, which could adversely
 affect our operating results or market share.

 The current negative worldwide economic conditions and market
 instability make it increasingly difficult for us, our customers
 and our suppliers to accurately forecast future product demand
 trends, which could cause us to produce excess products that can
 depress product prices, increase our inventory carrying costs
 and result in obsolete inventory. Alternatively, this
 forecasting difficulty could cause a shortage of products, or
 materials used in our products, that could result in an
 inability to satisfy demand for our products and a loss of
 market share. For a further discussion of these risks, please
 see the risk factor below entitled “Our failure to
 accurately forecast market and customer demand for our products
 could adversely affect our business and financial results or
 operating efficiencies.”

 Negative
 global economic conditions increase the risk that we could
 suffer unrecoverable losses on our customers’ accounts
 receivable, which would adversely affect our financial
 results.

 We extend credit and payment terms to some of our customers. In
 addition to ongoing credit evaluations of our customers’
 financial condition, we traditionally seek to mitigate our
 credit risk by purchasing credit insurance on certain of our
 accounts receivable balances; however, as a result of the
 current negative worldwide economic conditions, we may find it
 increasingly difficult to be able to insure these accounts
 receivable. We could suffer significant losses if a customer
 whose accounts receivable we have not insured, or have
 underinsured, fails and is unable to pay us. Additionally, if
 global economic conditions worsen, the risk increases that if a
 customer whose accounts receivable we have insured fails, the
 financial condition of the insurance carrier for such customer
 account may have also deteriorated such that it cannot cover our
 loss. A significant loss of an accounts receivable that we
 cannot recover through credit insurance would have a negative
 impact on our financial results.

 17

Table of Contents

 If the
 worldwide economic downturn worsens, we may have to take
 additional steps to align our cost structure with demand, which
 could result in increased impairment charges and have a negative
 impact on our operating results.

 As we previously announced, we committed to a business
 restructuring plan intended to realign our cost structure with a
 softer demand environment. If the worldwide economic downturn
 worsens and demand were to soften further, we may be forced to
 execute additional restructuring activities to realign our cost
 structure with softening demand. Additional restructuring
 activities could result in impairment charges and other expenses
 in excess of what we anticipated when we previously announced
 our restructuring plan, either of which could adversely impact
 our results of operations or financial condition.

 If our
 long-lived assets or goodwill become impaired, it may adversely
 affect our operating results.

 If the current worldwide economic downturn continues, it could
 result in circumstances, such as a sustained decline in our
 stock price and market capitalization or a decrease in our
 forecasted cash flows such that they are insufficient,
 indicating that the carrying value of our long-lived assets or
 goodwill may be impaired. If we are required to record a
 significant charge to earnings in our consolidated financial
 statements because an impairment of our long-lived assets or
 goodwill is determined, our results of operations will be
 adversely affected.

 Declines
 in average selling prices (“ASPs”) in the hard drive
 industry could adversely affect our operating results.

 Historically, the hard drive industry has experienced declining
 ASPs. Our ASPs tend to decline when competitors lower prices as
 a result of decreased costs or to absorb excess capacity,
 liquidate excess inventories, restructure or attempt to gain
 market share. Our ASPs also decline when there is a shift in the
 mix of product sales, and sales of lower priced products
 increase relative to those of higher priced products. When ASPs
 in the hard drive industry decline, our ASPs are also likely to
 decline, which adversely affects our operating results.

 If we
 fail to anticipate or timely respond to changes in the markets
 for hard drives, our operating results could be adversely
 affected.

 During past economic downturns, as well as over the past few
 years, the consumer market for computers has shifted
 significantly towards lower priced systems, and we therefore
 expect this trend to continue in light of the current negative
 worldwide macroeconomic conditions. If we are not able to
 continue to offer a competitively priced hard drive for the
 low-cost PC market, our share of that market will likely fall,
 which could harm our operating results. The market for hard
 drives is also fragmenting into a variety of devices and
 products. Many industry analysts expect, as do we, that as
 content increasingly converts to digital technology from the
 older analog technology, the technology of computers and
 consumer electronics will continue to converge, and hard drives
 may be found in many products other than computers, such as
 various CE devices. Accurately forecasting for future
 requirements of these new markets remains challenging.

 Moreover, some devices such as personal video recorders and
 digital video recorders, or some new PC operating systems which
 allow greater consumer choice in levels of functionality and
 therefore greater market differentiation, may require attributes
 not currently offered in our products, resulting in a need to
 develop new interfaces, form factors, technical specifications
 or product features, increasing our overall operational expense
 without corresponding incremental revenue at this stage. If we
 are not successful in continuing to deploy our hard drive
 technology and expertise to develop new products for emerging
 markets such as the CE market, or if we are required to incur
 significant costs in developing such products, it may harm our
 operating results.

 Our
 prices and margins are subject to declines due to unpredictable
 end-user demand and oversupply of hard drives.

 Demand for our hard drives depends on the demand for systems
 manufactured by our customers and on storage upgrades to
 existing systems. The demand for systems has been volatile in
 the past and often has had an exaggerated effect on the demand
 for hard drives in any given period. As a result, the hard drive
 market has experienced periods of excess capacity which can lead
 to liquidation of excess inventories and intense price
 competition. If intense price competition occurs, we may be
 forced to lower prices sooner and more than expected, which
 could result in lower revenue and gross margins.

 18

Table of Contents

 Our
 failure to accurately forecast market and customer demand for
 our products could adversely affect our business and financial
 results or operating efficiencies.

 The data storage industry faces difficulties in accurately
 forecasting market and customer demand for its products. The
 variety and volume of products we manufacture is based in part
 on these forecasts. If our forecasts exceed actual market
 demand, or if market demand decreases significantly from our
 forecasts, then we could experience periods of product
 oversupply and price decreases, which could impact our financial
 performance. If our forecasts do not meet actual market demand,
 or if market demand increases significantly beyond our forecasts
 or beyond our ability to add manufacturing capacity, then we may
 not be able to satisfy customer product needs, which could
 result in a loss of market share if our competitors are able to
 meet customer demands.

 Although we receive forecasts from our customers, they are not
 generally obligated to purchase the forecasted amounts. Sales
 volumes in the distribution and retail channels are volatile and
 harder to predict than sales to our OEM or ODM customers. We
 consider these forecasts in determining our component needs and
 our inventory requirements. If we fail to accurately forecast
 our customers’ product demands, we may have inadequate or
 excess inventory of our products or components, which could
 adversely affect our operating results.

 In order to efficiently and timely meet the demands of many of
 our OEM customers, we position our products in multiple
 strategic locations based on the amounts forecasted by such
 customers. If an OEM customer’s actual product demands
 decrease significantly from its forecast, then we may incur
 additional costs in relocating the products that have not been
 purchased by the OEM. This could result in a delay in our
 product sales and an increase in our operating costs, which may
 negatively impact our operating results.

 Increases
 in areal density may outpace customers’ demand for storage
 capacity, which may lower the prices our customers are willing
 to pay for new products or put us at a disadvantage to competing
 technologies.

 Historically, the industry has experienced periods of variable
 areal density growth rates. When the rate of areal density
 growth increases, the rate of increase may exceed the increase
 in our customers’ demand for aggregate storage capacity.
 Furthermore, our customers’ demand for storage capacity may
 not continue to grow at current industry estimates as a result
 of developments in the regulation and enforcement of digital
 rights management, the emergence of processes such as cloud
 computing, data deduplication and storage virtualization, or
 otherwise. These factors could lead to our customers’
 storage capacity needs being satisfied at lower prices with
 lower capacity hard drives or solid-state storage products that
 we do not offer, thereby decreasing our revenue or putting us at
 a disadvantage to competing storage technologies. As a result,
 even with increasing aggregate demand for storage capacity, our
 ASPs could decline, which could adversely affect our operating
 results.

 Our entry
 into additional storage markets increases the complexity of our
 business, and if we are unable to successfully adapt our
 business processes as required by these new markets, we will be
 at a competitive disadvantage and our ability to grow will be
 adversely affected.

 As we expand our product line to sell into additional storage
 markets, the overall complexity of our business increases at an
 accelerated rate and we must make necessary adaptations to our
 business model to address these complexities. For example, as we
 have previously disclosed, we have been investing in technology
 to develop and support a product line to sell to mainstream
 enterprise market customers. In addition to requiring
 significant capital expenditures, our entry into the mainstream
 enterprise market adds complexity to our business that requires
 us to effectively adapt our business and management processes to
 address the unique challenges and different requirements of the
 mainstream enterprise market, while maintaining a competitive
 operating cost model. If we fail or are delayed in our attempts
 to enter into the mainstream enterprise storage market, we will
 remain at a competitive disadvantage to the companies that serve
 this market and our ability to continue our growth will be
 negatively affected.

 Expansion
 into new hard drive markets may cause our capital expenditures
 to increase, and if we do not successfully expand into new
 markets, our business may suffer.

 To remain a significant supplier of hard drives, we will need to
 offer a broad range of hard drive products to our customers. We
 currently offer a variety of 3.5-inch or 2.5-inch hard drives
 for the desktop, mobile, enterprise, CE and external storage
 markets. However, demand for hard drives may shift to products
 in form factors or with interfaces that

 19

Table of Contents

 our competitors offer but which we do not. Expansion into other
 hard drive markets and resulting increases in manufacturing
 capacity requirements may require us to make substantial
 additional investments in part because our operations are
 largely vertically integrated now that we manufacture heads and
 magnetic media for use in many of the hard drives we
 manufacture. If we fail to successfully expand into new hard
 drive markets with products that we do not currently offer, we
 may lose business to our competitors who offer these products.

 If we
 fail to successfully manage our new product development or new
 market expansion, or if we fail to anticipate the issues
 associated with such development or expansion, our business may
 suffer.

 While we continue to develop new products and look to expand
 into new markets, the success of our new product introductions
 depends on a number of factors, including our ability to
 anticipate and manage a variety of issues associated with these
 new products and new markets, such as:

 • 

 difficulties faced in manufacturing ramp;

 • 

 market acceptance;

 • 

 effective management of inventory levels in line with
 anticipated product demand; and

 • 

 quality problems or other defects in the early stages of new
 product introduction that were not anticipated in the design of
 those products.

 Further, we need to identify how any of the new markets into
 which we are expanding may have different characteristics from
 the markets in which we currently exist and properly address
 these differences. These characteristics may include:

 • 

 demand volume requirements;

 • 

 demand seasonality;

 • 

 product generation development rates;

 • 

 customer concentrations;

 • 

 warranty expectations and product return policies; and

 • 

 cost, performance and compatibility requirements.

 Our business may suffer if we fail to successfully anticipate
 and manage these issues associated with our product development
 and market expansion. For example, our branded products are
 designed to attach to and interoperate with a wide variety of PC
 and CE devices, and therefore their functionality relies on the
 manufacturer of such devices, or the associated operating
 systems, enabling the manufacturer’s devices to operate
 with our branded products. If our branded products are not
 compatible with a wide variety of devices, or if device
 manufacturers design their devices so that our branded products
 cannot operate with them, and we cannot quickly and efficiently
 adapt our branded products to address these compatibility
 issues, our business could suffer.

 Expanding
 into new markets exposes our business to different seasonal
 demand cycles, which in turn could adversely affect our
 operating results.

 The CE and retail markets have different seasonal pricing and
 volume demand cycles as compared to the PC market. By expanding
 into these markets, we became exposed to seasonal fluctuations
 that are different from, and in addition to, those of the PC
 market. For example, because the primary customer for our
 branded products are individual consumers, this market has
 historically experienced a dramatic increase in demand during
 the winter holiday season. If we do not properly adjust our
 supply to these new demand cycles, we risk having excess
 inventory during periods of low demand and insufficient
 inventory during periods of high demand, which could adversely
 affect our operating results.

 20

Table of Contents

 Selling
 to the retail market is an important part of our business, and
 if consumer spending continues to decrease, or if we fail to
 maintain and grow our market share or gain market acceptance of
 our branded products, our operating results could
 suffer.

 Selling branded products is an important part of our business,
 and as our branded products revenue increases as a portion of
 our overall revenue, our success in the retail market becomes
 increasingly important to our operating results. If consumer
 spending continues to decrease as a result of the current
 worldwide economic downturn, our operating results could suffer
 because of the increased importance of our branded products
 business.

 We sell our branded products directly to a select group of major
 retailers, such as computer superstores and CE stores, and
 authorize sales through distributors to other retailers and
 online resellers. Our current retail customer base is primarily
 in the U.S., Canada and Europe. We are facing increased
 competition from other companies for shelf space at a small
 number of major retailers that have strong buying power and
 pricing leverage. If we are unable to maintain effective working
 relationships with major retailers and online resellers, our
 competitive position in the branded product market may suffer
 and our operating results may be adversely affected. In
 addition, if customers no longer maintain a preference for
 WD®-
brand

 products or if we fail to successfully expand into multiple
 channels, our operating results may be adversely affected.

 Additionally, we face strong competition in maintaining and
 trying to grow our market share in the retail market,
 particularly because of the relatively low barriers to entry in
 this market. For example, several additional hard drive
 manufacturers have recently disclosed plans to expand into the
 external storage market, and as these companies attempt to gain
 market share, we may have difficulty in maintaining or growing
 our market share and there may be increased downward pressure on
 pricing. We will continue to introduce new products in the
 retail market that incorporate our disk drives; however, there
 can be no assurance that these products will gain market
 acceptance, and if they do not, our operating results could
 suffer.

 Loss of
 market share with or by a key customer, or consolidation among
 our customer base, could harm our operating results.

 During the year ended July 3, 2009, a large percentage of
 our revenue, 48%, came from sales to our top 10 customers. These
 customers have a variety of suppliers to choose from and
 therefore can make substantial demands on us, including demands
 on product pricing and on contractual terms, which often results
 in the allocation of risk to us as the supplier. Even if we
 successfully qualify a product with a customer, the customer is
 not generally obligated to purchase any minimum volume of
 products from us and may be able to cancel an order or terminate
 its relationship with us at any time. Our ability to maintain
 strong relationships with our principal customers is essential
 to our future performance. If we lose a key customer, if any of
 our key customers reduce their orders of our products or require
 us to reduce our prices before we are able to reduce costs, if a
 customer is acquired by one of our competitors or if a key
 customer suffers financial hardship, our operating results would
 likely be harmed.

 Additionally, if there is consolidation among our customer base,
 our customers may be able to command increased leverage in
 negotiating prices and other terms of sale, which could
 adversely affect our profitability. In addition, if, as a result
 of increased leverage, customer pressures require us to reduce
 our pricing such that our gross margins are diminished, we could
 decide not to sell our products to a particular customer, which
 could result in a decrease in our revenue. Consolidation among
 our customer base may also lead to reduced demand for our
 products, replacement of our products by the combined entity
 with those of our competitors and cancellations of orders, each
 of which could harm our operating results.

 Current
 or future competitors may gain a technology advantage or develop
 an advantageous cost structure that we cannot match.

 It may be possible for our current or future competitors to gain
 an advantage in product technology, manufacturing technology, or
 process technology, which may allow them to offer products or
 services that have a significant advantage over the products and
 services that we offer. Advantages could be in capacity,
 performance, reliability, serviceability, or other attributes.
 We may be at a competitive disadvantage to any companies that
 are able to gain these advantages.

 21

Table of Contents

 Further
 industry consolidation could provide competitive advantages to
 our competitors.

 The hard drive industry has experienced consolidation over the
 past several years. Consolidation by our competitors may enhance
 their capacity, abilities and resources and lower their cost
 structure, causing us to be at a competitive disadvantage.
 Additionally, continued industry consolidation may lead to
 uncertainty in areas such as component availability, which could
 negatively impact our cost structure.

 Sales in
 the distribution channel are important to our business, and if
 we fail to maintain brand preference with our distributors or if
 distribution markets for hard drives weaken, our operating
 results could suffer.

 Our distribution customers typically sell to small computer
 manufacturers, dealers, systems integrators and other resellers.
 We face significant competition in this channel as a result of
 limited product qualification programs and a significant focus
 on price and availability of product. If we fail to remain
 competitive in terms of our technology, quality, service and
 support, our distribution customers may favor our competitors,
 and our operating results could suffer. We also face significant
 risk in the distribution market for hard drives. If the
 distribution market weakens as a result of a slowing PC growth
 rate, technology transitions or a significant change in consumer
 buying preference from white box to branded PCs, or if we
 experience significant price declines due to oversupply in the
 distribution channel, then our operating results would be
 adversely affected.

 The hard
 drive industry is highly competitive and can be characterized by
 significant shifts in market share among the major
 competitors.

 The price of hard drives has fallen over time due to increases
 in supply, cost reductions, technological advances and price
 reductions by competitors seeking to liquidate excess
 inventories or attempting to gain market share. In addition,
 rapid technological changes often reduce the volume and
 profitability of sales of existing products and increase the
 risk of inventory obsolescence. These factors, taken together,
 may result in significant shifts in market share among the
 industry’s major participants. In addition, product recalls
 can lead to a loss of market share, which could adversely affect
 our operating results.

 Some of
 our competitors with diversified business units outside the hard
 drive industry may over extended periods of time sell hard
 drives at prices that we cannot profitably match.

 Some of our competitors earn a significant portion of their
 revenue from business units outside the hard drive industry.
 Because they do not depend solely on sales of hard drives to
 achieve profitability, they may sell hard drives at lower prices
 and operate their hard drive business unit at a loss over an
 extended period of time while still remaining profitable
 overall. In addition, if these competitors can increase sales of
 non-hard drive products to the same customers, they may benefit
 from selling their hard drives at lower prices. Our operating
 results may be adversely affected if we cannot successfully
 compete with the pricing by these companies.

 If we
 fail to qualify our products with our customers or if product
 life cycles lengthen, it may have a significant adverse impact
 on our sales and margins.

 We regularly engage in new product qualification with our
 customers. Once a product is accepted for qualification testing,
 failures or delays in the qualification process can result in
 delayed or reduced product sales, reduced product margins caused
 by having to continue to offer a more costly current generation
 product, or lost sales to that customer until the next
 generation of products is introduced. The effect of missing a
 product qualification opportunity is magnified by the limited
 number of high volume OEMs, which continue to consolidate their
 share of the storage markets. Likewise, if product life cycles
 lengthen, we may have a significantly longer period to wait
 before we have an opportunity to qualify a new product with a
 customer, which could reduce our profits because we expect
 declining gross margins on our current generation products as a
 result of competitive pressures.

 We are
 subject to risks related to product defects, which could result
 in product recalls and could subject us to warranty claims in
 excess of our warranty provisions or which are greater than
 anticipated due to the unenforceability of liability
 limitations.

 We warrant the majority of our products for periods of one to
 five years. We test our hard drives in our manufacturing
 facilities through a variety of means. However, there can be no
 assurance that our testing will reveal latent

 22

Table of Contents

 defects in our products, which may not become apparent until
 after the products have been sold into the market. Accordingly,
 there is a risk that product defects will occur, which could
 require a product recall. Product recalls can be expensive to
 implement and, if a product recall occurs during the
 product’s warranty period, we may be required to replace
 the defective product. In addition, a product recall may damage
 our relationship with our customers, and we may lose market
 share with our customers, including our OEM and ODM customers.

 Our standard warranties contain limits on damages and exclusions
 of liability for consequential damages and for misuse, improper
 installation, alteration, accident or mishandling while in the
 possession of someone other than us. We record an accrual for
 estimated warranty costs at the time revenue is recognized. We
 may incur additional operating expenses if our warranty
 provision does not reflect the actual cost of resolving issues
 related to defects in our products. If these additional expenses
 are significant, it could adversely affect our business,
 financial condition and operating results.

 A
 competitive cost structure is critical to our operating results,
 and increased costs may adversely affect our operating
 margin.

 A competitive cost structure for our products, including
 critical components, labor and overhead, is critical to the
 success of our business, and our operating results depend on our
 ability to maintain competitive cost structures on new and
 established products. If our competitors are able to achieve a
 lower cost structure that we are unable to match, we could be at
 a competitive disadvantage to those competitors.

 Shortages
 of commodity materials, price volatility, or use by other
 industries of materials used in the hard drive industry, may
 increase our cost structure.

 Increases in the cost for certain commodity materials may
 increase our costs of manufacturing and transporting hard drives
 and key components. Shortages of materials such as stainless
 steel, aluminum, nickel, neodymium, ruthenium or platinum
 increase our costs and may result in lower operating margins if
 we are unable to find ways to mitigate these increased costs.
 For example, perpendicular recording technology requires
 increased usage of precious metals such as ruthenium and
 platinum, the price of which may continue to be volatile, which
 could adversely affect our operating margins. Furthermore, if
 other high volume industries increase their demand for materials
 such as these, our costs may further increase, which could have
 an adverse effect on our operating margins. The volatility in
 the cost of oil also affects our transportation costs and may
 result in lower operating margins if we are unable to pass these
 increased costs through to our customers.

 If we
 fail to maintain effective relationships with our major
 component suppliers, our supply of critical components may be at
 risk and our profitability could suffer.

 We make most of our own heads and magnetic media for some of our
 product families; however, we do not manufacture many of the
 component parts used in our hard drives. As a result, the
 success of our products depends on our ability to gain access to
 and integrate parts from reliable component suppliers. To do so,
 we must effectively manage our relationships with our major
 component suppliers. We must also effectively integrate
 different products from a variety of suppliers, each of which
 employs variations on technology, which can impact, for example,
 feasible combinations of heads and magnetic media components.
 For example, in August 2003, we settled litigation with a
 supplier who previously was the sole source of read channel
 devices for our hard drives. As a result of the disputes that
 gave rise to the litigation, our profitability was at risk until
 another supplier’s read channel devices could be designed
 into our products. Similar disputes with other strategic
 component suppliers could adversely affect our operating results.

 Violation
 of labor or environmental laws and practices by our suppliers or
 sub-suppliers
 could harm our business.

 We expect our suppliers to operate in compliance with applicable
 laws and regulations, including labor and environmental laws,
 and to otherwise meet our required supplier standards of
 conduct. While our internal operating guidelines promote ethical
 business practices, we do not control our suppliers or
 sub-suppliers
 or their labor or environmental practices. The violation of
 labor, environmental or other laws by any of our suppliers or

sub-suppliers,
 or divergence of a supplier’s or

sub-supplier’s
 labor or environmental practices from those generally accepted
 as ethical in the U.S., could harm our business by:

 • 

 interrupting or otherwise disrupting the shipment of our product
 components;

 23

Table of Contents

 • 

 damaging our reputation;

 • 

 forcing us to find alternate component sources;

 • 

 reducing demand for our products (for example, through a
 consumer boycott); or

 • 

 exposing us to potential liability for our supplier’s or
 sub-supplier’s
 wrongdoings.

 Dependence
 on a limited number of qualified suppliers of components and
 manufacturing equipment could lead to delays, lost revenue or
 increased costs.

 Certain components are available from a limited number of
 suppliers, and we are sole sourced with some of these suppliers
 on certain products. Because we depend on a limited number of
 suppliers for certain product components and manufacturing
 equipment, each of the following could significantly harm our
 operating results:

 • 

 an unwillingness of a supplier to supply such components or
 equipment to us;

 • 

 an increase in the cost of such components or equipment;

 • 

 an extended shortage of required components or equipment;

 • 

 consolidation of key suppliers, such as the acquisition of
 Brilliant Manufacturing Limited by Nidec Corporation, the
 acquisition of Agere Systems Inc. by LSI Corporation, the
 acquisition of Infineon Technologies’ hard drive
 semiconductor business by LSI Corporation, the acquisition of
 Alps Electric Co. Ltd.’s magnetic device division’s
 assets and related intellectual property by TDK Corp, and the
 acquisition of Magnecomp Precision Technology Public Company
 Limited by TDK Corp;

 • 

 failure of a key supplier’s business process;

 • 

 a key supplier’s or
 sub-supplier’s
 inability to access credit necessary to operate its
 business; or

 • 

 failure of a key supplier to remain in business, to remain an
 independent merchant supplier, to adjust to market conditions,
 or to meet our quality, yield or production requirements.

 If
 components and equipment that we use are available from only a
 limited number of suppliers or are in short supply, it may
 negatively impact our production and cause us to lose
 revenue.

 Our future operating results may also depend substantially on
 our suppliers’ ability to timely qualify their components
 in our programs, and their ability to supply us with these
 components in sufficient volumes to meet our production
 requirements. A number of the components that we use are
 available from only a single or limited number of qualified
 suppliers, and may be used across multiple product lines. In
 addition, some of the components (or component types) used in
 our products are used in other devices, such as mobile
 telephones and digital cameras. If there is a significant
 simultaneous upswing in demand for such a component (or
 component type) from several high volume industries resulting in
 a supply reduction, if a component is otherwise in short supply,
 or if a supplier fails to qualify or has a quality issue with a
 component, we may experience delays or increased costs in
 obtaining that component. If we are unable to obtain sufficient
 quantities of materials used in the manufacture of magnetic
 components, or other necessary components, we may experience
 production delays which could cause us loss of revenue. If a
 component becomes unavailable, we could suffer significant loss
 of revenue.

 In addition, certain equipment we use in our manufacturing or
 testing processes is available only from a limited number of
 suppliers. Some of this equipment uses materials that at times
 could be in short supply. If these materials are not available,
 or are not available in the quantities we require for our
 manufacturing and testing processes, our ability to manufacture
 our products could be impacted, and we could suffer significant
 loss of revenue.

 Contractual
 commitments with component suppliers may result in us paying
 increased charges and cash advances for such components or may
 cause us to have inadequate or excess component
 inventory.

 To reduce the risk of component shortages, we attempt to provide
 significant lead times when buying components which may subject
 us to cancellation charges if we cancel orders as a result of
 technology transitions or changes in our component needs. In
 addition, we may from time to time enter into contractual
 commitments with component suppliers

 24

Table of Contents

 in an effort to increase and stabilize the supply of those
 components and enable us to purchase such components at
 favorable prices. Some of these commitments may require us to
 buy a substantial number of components from the supplier or make
 significant cash advances to the supplier; however, these
 commitments may not result in a satisfactory increase or
 stabilization of the supply of such components. Furthermore, as
 a result of the current negative worldwide economic conditions,
 our ability to forecast our requirements for these components
 has become increasingly difficult, therefore increasing the risk
 that our contractual commitments may not meet our actual supply
 requirements, which could cause us to have inadequate or excess
 component inventory and adversely affect our operating results
 and increase our operating costs.

 Failure
 by certain suppliers to effectively and efficiently develop and
 manufacture components, technology or production equipment for
 our products may adversely affect our operations.

 We rely on suppliers for various component parts that we
 integrate into our hard drives but do not manufacture ourselves,
 such as semiconductors, motors, flex circuits and suspensions.
 Likewise, we rely on suppliers for certain technology and
 equipment necessary for advanced development technology for
 future products. Some of these components, and most of this
 technology and production equipment, must be specifically
 designed to be compatible for use in our products or for
 developing and manufacturing our future products, and are only
 available from a limited number of suppliers, some of with whom
 we are sole sourced. We are therefore dependent on these
 suppliers to be able and willing to dedicate adequate
 engineering resources to develop components that can be
 successfully integrated with our products, and technology and
 production equipment that can be used to develop and manufacture
 our next-generation products efficiently. The failure of these
 suppliers to effectively and efficiently develop and manufacture
 components that can be integrated into our products or
 technology and production equipment that can be used to develop
 or manufacture next generation products may cause us to
 experience inability or delay in our manufacturing and shipment
 of hard drive products, our expansion into new technology and
 markets, or our ability to remain competitive with alternative
 storage technologies, therefore adversely affecting our business
 and financial results.

 There are
 certain additional capital expenditure costs and asset
 utilization risks to our business associated with our strategy
 to vertically integrate our operations.

 Our vertical integration of head and magnetic media
 manufacturing resulted in a fundamental change in our operating
 structure, as we now manufacture heads and magnetic media for
 use in many of the hard drives we manufacture. Consequently, we
 make more capital investments and carry a higher percentage of
 fixed costs than we would if we were not vertically integrated.
 If the overall level of production decreases for any reason, and
 we are unable to reduce our fixed costs to match sales, our head
 or magnetic media manufacturing assets may face
 under-utilization that may impact our operating results. We are
 therefore subject to additional risks related to overall asset
 utilization, including the need to operate at high levels of
 utilization to drive competitive costs and the need for assured
 supply of components that we do not manufacture ourselves.

 In addition, we may incur additional risks, including:

 • 

 failure to continue to leverage the integration of our magnetic
 media technology with our head technology;

 • 

 insufficient third party sources to satisfy our needs if we are
 unable to manufacture a sufficient supply of heads or magnetic
 media;

 • 

 third party head or magnetic media suppliers may not continue to
 do business with us or may not do business with us on the same
 terms and conditions we have previously enjoyed;

 • 

 claims that our manufacturing of heads or magnetic media may
 infringe certain intellectual property rights of other
 companies; and

 • 

 difficulties locating in a timely manner suitable manufacturing
 equipment for our head or magnetic media manufacturing processes
 and replacement parts for such equipment.

 If we do not adequately address the challenges related to our
 head or magnetic media manufacturing operations, our ongoing
 operations could be disrupted, resulting in a decrease in our
 revenue or profit margins and negatively impacting our operating
 results.

 25

Table of Contents

 If we are
 unable to timely and cost-effectively develop heads and magnetic
 media with leading technology and overall quality, our ability
 to sell our products may be significantly diminished, which
 could materially and adversely affect our business and financial
 results.

 Under our business plan, we are developing and manufacturing a
 substantial portion of the heads and magnetic media used in some
 of the hard drive products we manufacture. Consequently, we are
 more dependent upon our own development and execution efforts
 and less able to take advantage of head and magnetic media
 technologies developed by other manufacturers. Technology
 transition for head and magnetic media designs is critical to
 increasing our volume production of heads and magnetic media.
 There can be no assurance, however, that we will be successful
 in timely and cost-effectively developing and manufacturing
 heads or magnetic media for products using future technologies.
 We also may not effectively transition our head or magnetic
 media design and technology to achieve acceptable manufacturing
 yields using the technologies necessary to satisfy our
 customers’ product needs, or we may encounter quality
 problems with the heads or magnetic media we manufacture. In
 addition, we may not have access to external sources of supply
 without incurring substantial costs which would negatively
 impact our business and financial results.

 Changes
 in product life cycles could adversely affect our financial
 results.

 If product life cycles lengthen, we may need to develop new
 technologies or programs to reduce our costs on any particular
 product to maintain competitive pricing for that product. If
 product life cycles shorten, it may result in an increase in our
 overall expenses and a decrease in our gross margins, both of
 which could adversely affect our operating results. In addition,
 shortening of product life cycles also makes it more difficult
 to recover the cost of product development before the product
 becomes obsolete. Our failure to recover the cost of product
 development in the future could adversely affect our operating
 results.

 If we
 fail to make the technical innovations necessary to continue to
 increase areal density, we may fail to remain
 competitive.

 New products in the hard drive market typically require higher
 areal densities than previous product generations, posing
 formidable technical and manufacturing challenges. Higher areal
 densities require existing head and magnetic media technology to
 be improved or new technology developed to accommodate more data
 on a single disk. In addition, our introduction of new products
 during a technology transition increases the likelihood of
 unexpected quality concerns. Our failure to bring high quality
 new products to market on time and at acceptable costs may put
 us at a competitive disadvantage to companies that achieve these
 results.

 A
 fundamental change in recording technology could result in
 significant increases in our operating expenses and could put us
 at a competitive disadvantage.

 Historically, when the industry experiences a fundamental change
 in technology, any manufacturer that fails to successfully and
 timely adjust its designs and processes to accommodate the new
 technology fails to remain competitive. There are some
 technologies, such as current-perpendicular-to-plane
 (“CPP”), energy assisted magnetic recording, patterned
 magnetic media and other similar potentially breakthrough
 technology, that will represent revolutionary recording
 technologies if they can be implemented by a competitor on a
 commercially viable basis ahead of the industry, which could put
 us at a competitive disadvantage. As a result of these
 technology shifts, we could incur substantial costs in
 developing new technologies, such as heads, magnetic media, and
 tools to remain competitive. If we fail to successfully
 implement these new technologies, or if we are significantly
 slower than our competitors at implementing new technologies, we
 may not be able to offer products with capacities that our
 customers desire. For example, new recording technology requires
 changes in the manufacturing process of heads and magnetic
 media, which may cause longer production times and reduce the
 overall availability of magnetic media in the industry.
 Additionally, the new technology requires a greater degree of
 integration between heads and magnetic media which may lengthen
 our time of development of hard drives using this technology.

 Furthermore, as we attempt to develop and implement new
 technologies, we may become more dependent on suppliers to
 ensure our access to components, technology and production
 equipment that accommodate the new technology. For example,
 advanced wafer and magnetic media manufacturing technologies
 have historically been developed for use in the semiconductor
 industry prior to the hard drive industry. However, successful
 implementation of the use of patterned magnetic media with hard
 drive magnetic media currently presents a significant technical
 challenge

 26

Table of Contents

 facing the hard drive industry but not the semiconductor
 industry. Therefore, our suppliers may not be willing to
 dedicate adequate engineering resources to develop manufacturing
 equipment for patterned magnetic media prior to a need for the
 equipment in the semiconductor industry. We believe that if
 patterned magnetic media technology is not successfully
 implemented in the hard drive industry, then alternative storage
 technologies like solid-state storage may more rapidly overtake
 hard drives as the preferred storage solution for higher
 capacity storage needs. This result would put us at a
 competitive disadvantage and negatively impact our operating
 results.

 The
 difficulty of introducing hard drives with higher levels of
 areal density and the challenges of reducing other costs may
 impact our ability to achieve historical levels of cost
 reduction.

 Storage capacity of the hard drive, as manufactured by us, is
 determined by the number of disks and each disk’s areal
 density. Areal density is a measure of the amount of magnetic
 bits that can be stored on the recording surface of the disk.
 Generally, the higher the areal density, the more information
 can be stored on a single platter. Historically, we have been
 able to achieve a large percentage of cost reduction through
 increases in areal density. Increases in areal density mean that
 the average drive we sell has fewer heads and disks for the same
 capacity and, therefore, may result in a lower component cost.
 However, because increasing areal density has become more
 difficult in the hard drive industry, such increases may require
 increases in component costs, and other opportunities to reduce
 costs may not continue at historical rates. Additionally,
 increases in areal density may require us to make further
 capital expenditures on items such as new testing equipment
 needed as a result of an increased number of GB per platter. Our
 inability to achieve cost reductions could adversely affect our
 operating results.

 If we do
 not properly manage the technology transitions of our products,
 our competitiveness and operating results may be negatively
 affected.

 The storage markets in which we offer our products continuously
 undergo technology transitions which we must anticipate and
 adapt our products to address in a timely manner. For example,
 serial interfaces normally go through cycles in which their
 maximum speeds double. We must effectively manage the transition
 of the features of our products to address these faster
 interface speeds in a timely manner in order to remain
 competitive and cost effective. If we fail to successfully and
 timely manage the transition to faster interface speeds, we may
 be at a competitive disadvantage to other companies that have
 successfully adapted their products in a timely manner and our
 operating results may suffer.

 If we
 fail to develop and introduce new hard drives that are
 competitive against alternative storage technologies, our
 business may suffer.

 Our success depends in part on our ability to develop and
 introduce new products in a timely manner in order to keep pace
 with competing technologies. Alternative storage technologies
 like solid-state storage, or flash memory technology, have
 helped advance acceptance of “netbooks” in the PC
 market, and have successfully served digital entertainment
 markets for products such as digital cameras, MP3 players, USB
 flash drives and mobile phones that require lower storage
 capacity devices that cannot be economically manufactured using
 hard drive technology. Typically, storage needs for higher
 capacity and performance, with lower
 cost-per-gigabyte,
 have been better served by hard drives. However, advances in
 semiconductor technology have resulted in flash memory emerging
 as a technology that is competitive with hard drives for niche
 high performance needs in advanced digital computing markets
 such as enterprise servers and storage, in spite of the
 associated challenges in the attributes of cost, capacity and
 reliability. Additionally, solid-state storage is produced by
 large semiconductor companies who can sell their products at
 lower prices and operate their solid-state storage business unit
 at a loss while still remaining profitable overall in an attempt
 to gain market share. There can be no assurance that we will be
 successful in anticipating and developing new products for the
 desktop, mobile, enterprise, CE and external storage markets in
 response to solid-state storage, as well as other competing
 technologies. If our hard drive technology fails to offer higher
 capacity, performance and reliability with lower

cost-per-gigabyte
 than solid-state storage for the desktop, mobile, enterprise, CE
 and external storage markets, we will be at a competitive
 disadvantage to companies using semiconductor technology to
 serve these markets and our business will suffer.

 27

Table of Contents

 Spending
 to improve our technology and develop new technology to remain
 competitive may negatively impact our financial
 results.

 In attempting to remain competitive, we may need to increase our
 capital expenditures and expenses above our historical run-rate
 model in order to attempt to improve our existing technology and
 develop new technology. Increased investments in technology
 could cause our cost structure to fall out of alignment with
 demand for our products which would have a negative impact on
 our financial results.

 Our head
 manufacturing operations include a single wafer fabrication
 facility in California and a single slider fabrication and head
 gimbal assembly facility in Thailand, our magnetic media
 operations include three facilities in Malaysia, and our high
 volume hard drive manufacturing operations include facilities in
 Thailand and Malaysia, which subjects us to substantial risk of
 damage or loss if operations at any of these facilities are
 disrupted.

 We design and manufacture a substantial portion of the heads and
 magnetic media required for the hard drives we manufacture.
 Approximately
 80-90% of
 our requirement for heads is satisfied by wafers fabricated in
 our Fremont, California facility. Wafers are then sent to our
 Thailand facility for slider fabrication and wafer slicing and
 HGA assembly and testing. Additionally, we manufacture the
 majority of our magnetic media and substrates in three
 facilities in Malaysia. Our high volume hard drive manufacturing
 facilities are in Malaysia and Thailand, and the manufacturing
 facilities of many of our suppliers are also in Asia. A fire,
 flood, earthquake or other disaster, condition or event such as
 political instability, civil unrest or a power outage that
 adversely affects any of these facilities would significantly
 affect supply of our heads or magnetic media and limit our
 ability to manufacture hard drives, which would result in a
 substantial loss of sales and revenue and a substantial harm to
 our operating results. Similarly, a localized health risk
 affecting our employees or the staff of our suppliers, such as
 the spread of the Influenza A (H1N1) or a new pandemic
 influenza, could impair the total volume of hard drives that we
 are able to manufacture, which would result in substantial harm
 to our operating results.

 Our
 operating results will be adversely affected if we fail to
 optimize the overall quality,
 time-to-market
 and

time-to-volume
 of new and established products.

 To achieve consistent success with our customers, we must
 balance several key attributes such as
 time-to-market,

time-to-volume,
 quality, cost, service, price and a broad product portfolio. Our
 operating results will be adversely affected if we fail to:

 • 

 maintain overall quality of products in new and established
 programs;

 • 

 produce sufficient quantities of products at the capacities our
 customers demand while managing the integration of new and
 established technologies;

 • 

 develop and qualify new products that have changes in overall
 specifications or features that our customers may require for
 their business needs;

 • 

 obtain commitments from our customers to qualify new products,
 redesigns of current products, or new components in our existing
 products;

 • 

 obtain customer qualification of these products on a timely
 basis by meeting all of our customers’ needs for
 performance, quality and features;

 • 

 maintain an adequate supply of components required to
 manufacture our products; or

 • 

 maintain the manufacturing capability to quickly change our
 product mix between different capacities, form factors and spin
 speeds in response to changes in customers’ product demands.

 Manufacturing
 and marketing our products abroad subjects us to numerous
 risks.

 We are subject to risks associated with our foreign
 manufacturing operations and foreign marketing efforts,
 including:

 • 

 obtaining requisite U.S. and foreign governmental permits
 and approvals;

 28

Table of Contents

 • 

 currency exchange rate fluctuations or restrictions;

 • 

 political instability and civil unrest, such as the recent
 protests and violence in Bangkok, Thailand;

 • 

 limited transportation availability, delays, and extended time
 required for shipping, which risks may be compounded in periods
 of price declines;

 • 

 higher freight rates;

 • 

 labor problems;

 • 

 trade restrictions or higher tariffs;

 • 

 copyright levies or similar fees imposed in European and other
 countries;

 • 

 exchange, currency and tax controls and reallocations;

 • 

 increasing labor and overhead costs; and

 • 

 loss or non-renewal of favorable tax treatment under agreements
 or treaties with foreign tax authorities.

 Terrorist
 attacks may adversely affect our business and operating
 results.

 The continued threat of terrorist activity and other acts of war
 or hostility have created uncertainty in the financial and
 insurance markets and have significantly increased the
 political, economic and social instability in some of the
 geographic areas in which we operate. Additionally, it is
 uncertain what impact the reactions to such acts by various
 governmental agencies and security regulators worldwide will
 have on shipping costs. Acts of terrorism, either domestically
 or abroad, could create further uncertainties and instability.
 To the extent this results in disruption or delays of our
 manufacturing capabilities or shipments of our products, our
 business, operating results and financial condition could be
 adversely affected.

 Sudden
 disruptions to the availability of freight lanes could have an
 impact on our operations.

 We ship the majority of our products to our various customers
 via air freight. The sudden unavailability of air cargo
 operations used to ship our products would impair our ability to
 deliver our products in a timely and efficient manner, which
 could adversely impact our operating results. We also ship a
 portion of our product via ocean freight, and events or
 conditions at shipping ports, such as labor difficulties or
 disputes, could also impact our operating results by impairing
 our ability to timely and efficiently deliver these products.

 We are
 vulnerable to system failures, which could harm our
 business.

 We are heavily dependent on our technology infrastructure, among
 other functions, to operate our factories, sell our products,
 fulfill orders, manage inventory and bill, collect and make
 payments. Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption
 from natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures,
 computer viruses, computer
 denial-of-service
 attacks and other events. Our business is also subject to
 break-ins, sabotage and intentional acts of vandalism by third
 parties as well as employees. Despite any precautions we may
 take, such problems could result in, among other consequences,
 interruptions in our business, which could harm our reputation
 and financial condition.

 If we
 fail to successfully integrate SiliconSystems’ business and
 technology into our operations in a timely manner, it may
 adversely affect our future results.

 While we expect our recent acquisition of SiliconSystems, Inc.
 to have only a nominal positive impact on our results in the
 near term, we believe that the acquisition may result in certain
 more significant future benefits, including technology
 efficiencies and synergies. However, we may encounter
 difficulties in the complicated process of integrating
 SiliconSystems’ business and technology into our existing
 operations. If we are not able to quickly and cost-effectively
 integrate SiliconSystems’ business and technology into our
 operations, our current operations may be disrupted and the
 future anticipated benefits of the acquisition may not be
 realized fully or at all. Consequently, our future results of
 operations may be adversely affected.

 29

Table of Contents

 If we are
 unable to retain or hire key staff and skilled employees our
 business results may suffer.

 Our success depends upon the continued contributions of our key
 staff and skilled employees, many of whom would be extremely
 difficult to replace. Worldwide competition for skilled
 employees in the data storage industry is intense and, as we
 attempt to move to a position of technology leadership in the
 storage industry, our business success becomes increasingly
 dependent on our ability to retain our key staff and skilled
 employees as well as attract, integrate and retain new skilled
 employees. Volatility or lack of positive performance in our
 stock price and the overall markets may adversely affect our
 ability to retain key staff or skilled employees who have
 received equity compensation. This risk increases during periods
 of declining stock price, which may cause many of our key staff
 and skilled employees to lose much of the value of the equity
 compensation that they have received as an incentive to remain
 in our employ and work towards the success of our operations.
 Additionally, because a substantial portion of our key
 employees’ compensation is placed “at risk” and
 linked to the performance of our business, when our operating
 results are negatively impacted by events such as the current
 global economic downturn, we are at a competitive disadvantage
 for retaining and hiring key staff and skilled employees versus
 other companies that pay a relatively higher fixed salary. If we
 are unable to retain our existing key staff or skilled
 employees, or hire and integrate new key staff or skilled
 employees, or if we fail to implement succession plans for our
 key staff, our operating results would likely be harmed.

 The
 nature of our business and our reliance on intellectual property
 and other proprietary information subjects us to the risk of
 significant litigation.

 The data storage industry has been characterized by significant
 litigation. This includes litigation relating to patent and
 other intellectual property rights, product liability claims and
 other types of litigation. Litigation can be expensive, lengthy
 and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the
 results of litigation are inherently uncertain and may result in
 adverse rulings or decisions. We may enter into settlements or
 be subject to judgments that may, individually or in the
 aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition or operating results.

 We evaluate notices of alleged patent infringement and notices
 of patents from patent holders that we receive from time to
 time. If claims or actions are asserted against us, we may be
 required to obtain a license or cross-license, modify our
 existing technology or design a new non-infringing technology.
 Such licenses or design modifications can be extremely costly.
 In addition, we may decide to settle a claim or action against
 us, which settlement could be costly. We may also be liable for
 any past infringement. If there is an adverse ruling against us
 in an infringement lawsuit, an injunction could be issued
 barring production or sale of any infringing product. It could
 also result in a damage award equal to a reasonable royalty or
 lost profits or, if there is a finding of willful infringement,
 treble damages. Any of these results would increase our costs
 and harm our operating results.

 Our
 reliance on intellectual property and other proprietary
 information subjects us to the risk that these key ingredients
 of our business could be copied by competitors.

 Our success depends, in significant part, on the proprietary
 nature of our technology, including non-patentable intellectual
 property such as our process technology. If a competitor is able
 to reproduce or otherwise capitalize on our technology despite
 the safeguards we have in place, it may be difficult, expensive
 or impossible for us to obtain necessary legal protection. Also,
 the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our
 intellectual property to the same extent as do U.S. laws.
 In addition to patent protection of intellectual property
 rights, we consider elements of our product designs and
 processes to be proprietary and confidential. We rely upon
 employee, consultant and vendor non-disclosure agreements and
 contractual provisions and a system of internal safeguards to
 protect our proprietary information. However, any of our
 registered or unregistered intellectual property rights may be
 challenged or exploited by others in the industry, which might
 harm our operating results.

 The costs
 of compliance with environmental regulation and customers’
 standards of corporate citizenship could cause an increase in
 our operating costs.

 We may be subject to various state, federal and international
 laws and regulations governing the environment, including those
 restricting the presence of certain substances in electronic
 products and making producers of those products financially
 responsible for the collection, treatment, recycling and
 disposal of certain products. Such laws and regulations have
 been passed in several jurisdictions in which we operate. For
 example, the European Union (“EU”) has

 30

Table of Contents

 enacted the Restriction of the Use of Certain Hazardous
 Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment
 (“RoHS”) directive, which prohibits the use of certain
 substances in electronic equipment, and the Waste Electrical and
 Electronic Equipment (“WEEE”) directive, which
 obligates parties that place electrical and electronic equipment
 onto the market in the EU to put a clearly identifiable mark on
 the equipment, register with and report to EU member countries
 regarding distribution of the equipment, and provide a mechanism
 to take-back and properly dispose of the equipment. Similar
 legislation may be enacted in other locations where we
 manufacture or sell our products. We will need to ensure that we
 comply with such laws and regulations as they are enacted, and
 that our component suppliers also timely comply with such laws
 and regulations. If we fail to timely comply with the
 legislation, our customers may refuse to purchase our products,
 which would have a materially adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition and operating results.

 In connection with our compliance with such environmental laws
 and regulations, as well as our compliance with industry
 environmental initiatives, the standards of business conduct
 required by some of our customers, and our commitment to sound
 corporate citizenship in all aspects of our business, we could
 incur substantial compliance and operating costs and be subject
 to disruptions to our operations and logistics. In addition, if
 we were found to be in violation of these laws or noncompliance
 with these initiatives or standards of conduct, we could be
 subject to governmental fines, liability to our customers and
 damage to our reputation and corporate brand which could cause
 our financial condition or operating results to suffer.

 Fluctuations
 in currency exchange rates as a result of our international
 operations may negatively affect our operating
 results.

 Because we manufacture our products abroad, our operating costs
 are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
 Further fluctuations in the exchange rate of the Thai Baht and
 of the Malaysian Ringgit may negatively impact our operating
 results. The Thai Baht is a free floating currency while the
 Malaysian Ringgit exchange rate policy is one of a managed
 float. We have attempted to manage the impact of foreign
 currency exchange rate changes by, among other things, entering
 into short-term, forward contracts. However, these contracts do
 not cover our full exposure and can be canceled by the issuer if
 currency controls are put in place. Currently, we hedge the Thai
 Baht, Malaysian Ringgit, Euro and British Pound Sterling with
 forward contracts.

 If the U.S. dollar exhibits sustained weakness against most
 foreign currencies, the U.S. dollar equivalents of unhedged
 manufacturing costs could increase because a significant portion
 of our production costs are foreign-currency denominated.
 Conversely, there would not be an offsetting impact to revenues
 since revenues are substantially U.S. dollar denominated.

 Additionally, we negotiate and procure some of our component
 requirements in U.S. dollars from Japanese and other
 non-U.S. based
 vendors. If the U.S. dollar continues to weaken against
 other foreign currencies, some of our component suppliers may
 increase the price which they charge for their components in
 order to maintain an equivalent profit margin. If this occurs,
 it would have a negative impact on our operating results.

 Increases
 in our customers’ credit risk could result in credit losses
 and an increase in our operating costs.

 Some of our OEM customers have adopted a subcontractor model
 that requires us to contract directly with companies, such as
 ODMs, that provide manufacturing services to our OEM customers.
 Because these subcontractors are generally not as well
 capitalized as our direct OEM customers, this subcontractor
 model exposes us to increased credit risks. Our agreements with
 our OEM customers may not permit us to increase our product
 prices to alleviate this increased credit risk. Additionally, as
 we attempt to expand our OEM and distribution channel sales into
 emerging economies such as Brazil, Russia, India and China, the
 customers in these regions may have relatively short operating
 histories, making it more difficult for us to accurately assess
 the associated credit risks. Any credit losses we may suffer as
 a result of these increased risks, or as a result of credit
 losses from any significant customer, would increase our
 operating costs, which may negatively impact our operating
 results.

 31

Table of Contents

 Inaccurate
 projections of demand for our product can cause large
 fluctuations in our quarterly results.

 We often ship a high percentage of our total quarterly sales in
 the third month of the quarter, which makes it difficult for us
 to forecast our financial results before the end of the quarter.
 In addition, our quarterly projections and results may be
 subject to significant fluctuations as a result of a number of
 other factors including:

 • 

 the timing of orders from and shipment of products to major
 customers;

 • 

 our product mix;

 • 

 changes in the prices of our products;

 • 

 manufacturing delays or interruptions;

 • 

 acceptance by customers of competing products in lieu of our
 products;

 • 

 variations in the cost of components for our products;

 • 

 limited availability of components that we obtain from a single
 or a limited number of suppliers;

 • 

 competition and consolidation in the data storage industry;

 • 

 seasonal and other fluctuations in demand for PCs often due to
 technological advances; and

 • 

 availability and rates of transportation.

 Rapidly
 changing conditions in the hard drive industry make it difficult
 to predict actual results.

 We have made and continue to make a number of estimates and
 assumptions relating to our consolidated financial reporting.
 The highly technical nature of our products and the rapidly
 changing market conditions with which we deal means that actual
 results may differ significantly from our estimates and
 assumptions. These changes have impacted our financial results
 in the past and may continue to do so in the future. Key
 estimates and assumptions for us include:

 • 

 price protection adjustments and other sales promotions and
 allowances on products sold to retailers, resellers and
 distributors;

 • 

 inventory adjustments for write-down of inventories to lower of
 cost or market value (net realizable value);

 • 

 reserves for doubtful accounts;

 • 

 accruals for product returns;

 • 

 accruals for warranty costs related to product defects;

 • 

 accruals for litigation and other contingencies; and

 • 

 liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits.

 The
 market price of our common stock is volatile.

 The market price of our common stock has been, and may continue
 to be, extremely volatile. Factors such as the following may
 significantly affect the market price of our common stock:

 • 

 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results;

 • 

 announcements of technological innovations by us or our
 competitors which may decrease the volume and profitability of
 sales of our existing products and increase the risk of
 inventory obsolescence;

 • 

 new products introduced by us or our competitors;

 • 

 periods of severe pricing pressures due to oversupply or price
 erosion resulting from competitive pressures or industry
 consolidation;

 • 

 developments with respect to patents or proprietary rights;

 32

Table of Contents

 • 

 conditions and trends in the hard drive, computer, data and
 content management, storage and communication industries;

 • 

 contraction in our operating results or growth rates that are
 lower than our previous high growth-rate periods;

 • 

 changes in financial estimates by securities analysts relating
 specifically to us or the hard drive industry in
 general; and

 • 

 macroeconomic conditions that affect the market generally.

 In addition, general economic conditions may cause the stock
 market to experience extreme price and volume fluctuations from
 time to time that particularly affect the stock prices of many
 high technology companies. These fluctuations often appear to be
 unrelated to the operating performance of the companies.

 Securities class action lawsuits are often brought against
 companies after periods of volatility in the market price of
 their securities. A number of such suits have been filed against
 us in the past, and should any new lawsuits be filed, such
 matters could result in substantial costs and a diversion of
 resources and management’s attention.

 Negative
 conditions in the global credit markets may impair the liquidity
 of a portion of our investment portfolio.

 Our long-term investments consist of auction-rate securities
 totaling $18 million as of July 3, 2009. The negative
 conditions in the global credit markets have prevented some
 investors from liquidating their holdings of auction-rate
 securities because the amount of securities submitted for sale
 has exceeded the amount of purchase orders for such securities.
 If the credit market does not improve, auctions for our invested
 amounts may continue to fail. If an auction fails for securities
 in which we have invested, we may be unable to liquidate some or
 all of our auction-rate securities at par should we need or
 desire to access the funds invested in those securities. In the
 event we need or desire to access these funds, we will not be
 able to do so until a future auction on these investments is
 successful or a buyer is found outside the auction process. If a
 buyer is found but is unwilling to purchase the investments at
 par (or current carrying value), we may incur a loss beyond
 losses already recognized by us on these securities. For
 example, during the year ended July 3, 2009, the market
 values of some of the auction-rate securities we owned were
 impacted by the macroeconomic credit market conditions, and as a
 result, we recognized $10 million of
 other-than-temporary
 losses to mark the investments to estimated market value.
 Further, rating downgrades of the security issuer or the
 third-parties insuring such investments may require us to adjust
 the carrying value of these investments through an additional
 impairment charge.

 Current
 economic conditions have caused us difficulty in adequately
 protecting our increased cash and short-term investments from
 financial institution failures.

 The negative global economic conditions and volatile investment
 markets have caused us to hold more cash, cash equivalents and
 short-term investments than we would hold under normal
 circumstances. Since there has been an overall increase in
 demand for low-risk, U.S. government backed securities with
 a limited supply in the financial marketplace, we face increased
 difficulty in adequately protecting our increased cash and
 short-term investments from possible sudden and unforeseeable
 failures by banks and other financial institutions. A failure of
 any of these financial institutions in which deposits exceed
 FDIC limits could have an adverse impact on our financial
 position.

 If our
 internal controls are found to be ineffective, our financial
 results or our stock price may be adversely affected.

 Our most recent evaluation resulted in our conclusion that as of
 July 3, 2009, in compliance with Section 404 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, our internal control over financial
 reporting was effective. We believe that we currently have
 adequate internal control procedures in place for future
 periods; however, if our internal control over financial
 reporting is found to be ineffective or if we identify a
 material weakness or significant deficiency in our financial
 reporting, investors may lose confidence in the reliability of
 our financial statements, which may adversely affect our
 financial results or our stock price.

 The
 outcome of our ongoing domestic and foreign tax audits may
 negatively impact our operating results.

 As we have previously disclosed, we are under examination of
 certain of our fiscal years by the U.S. Internal Revenue
 Service (the “IRS”). Separately, our French subsidiary
 is under examination by the French tax authorities. Although we

 33

Table of Contents

 believe our tax positions for the years under review are
 reasonable, the outcomes and timing of these audits are subject
 to significant uncertainty and could result in us having to pay
 amounts to the IRS or French tax authorities in order to resolve
 examination of our tax positions, which could result in an
 increase or decrease of our current estimate of unrecognized tax
 benefits and may negatively impact our financial position,
 results of operations, net income or cash flows.