If we
fail to realize the anticipated benefits from our acquisition of HGST on a timely basis, or at all, our business and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

In connection with obtaining the regulatory approvals required to complete the acquisition of HGST, we agreed to certain conditions required by the Ministry of Commerce of the People’s Republic of
China (“MOFCOM”), including adopting measures to keep HGST as an independent competitor until MOFCOM agrees otherwise (with the minimum period being two years from the March 8, 2012 closing date of the acquisition). We worked closely
with MOFCOM to finalize an operations plan that outlines in more detail the conditions of the competitive requirement. Compliance with these measures has affected, and may continue to affect, our business and financial conditions in the following
ways: 

•

 limits our ability to integrate HGST’s business with our business (and we do not expect to achieve significant operating expense synergies while
the conditions remain in place), 

•

 has caused, and could cause further, difficulties in retaining key employees and delays or uncertainties in making decisions about the combined
business, 

•

 has resulted in, and could result in additional, significant costs (including capital expenditures relative to our competitors as a result of
maintaining separate research and development functions), and 

•

 has required, and could require additional, changes in business practices. 

We cannot predict when the conditions imposed by MOFCOM will be removed. In addition, in the event we fail to comply with these measures,
the time during which we are required to comply with the conditions could be extended and we could be subject to other conditions or penalties that could adversely affect the business. 

14 

Table of Contents

The financing of the HGST acquisition may have an adverse impact on our liquidity, limit
our flexibility in responding to other business opportunities and increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions. 

Our acquisition of HGST was financed by a combination of the issuance of additional shares of our common stock, the use of a significant amount of our cash on hand and the incurrence of a significant
amount of indebtedness. The use of cash on hand and indebtedness to finance the acquisition reduced our liquidity and could cause us to place more reliance on cash flow from operations to pay principal and interest on our debt, thereby reducing the
availability of our cash flow for operations and development activities. The credit agreement we entered into with respect to the indebtedness we incurred to finance the Acquisition contains restrictive covenants, including financial covenants
requiring us to maintain specified financial ratios. Our ability to meet these restrictive covenants can be affected by events beyond our control. The indebtedness and these restrictive covenants will also have the effect, among other things, of
impairing our ability to obtain additional financing, if needed, limiting our flexibility in the conduct of our business and making us more vulnerable to economic downturns and adverse competitive and industry conditions. In addition, a breach of
the restrictive covenants could result in an event of default under the credit agreement, which, if not cured or waived, could result in the indebtedness becoming immediately due and payable and could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or operating results. 

In connection with obtaining the regulatory approvals required to complete our
acquisition of HGST, we divested certain assets to Toshiba and agreed to provide certain support services for those assets for a period of time, and our business will be adversely affected in the event we fail to successfully meet our obligations to
Toshiba under the divestiture transaction. 

In connection with obtaining the regulatory approvals required to complete our
acquisition of HGST, we agreed, subject to review by regulatory agencies in certain jurisdictions, to divest certain assets to Toshiba that will expand Toshiba’s capacity to manufacture 3.5-inch hard drives for the desktop, consumer electronics
and near-line (business critical) applications. While this divestiture transaction closed in May 2012, we agreed to provide certain support service for those assets for a period of time. If we are not able to meet our continuing service obligations
under our agreement with Toshiba, the jurisdictions that conditioned their approval of the HGST acquisition on the divestiture could impose certain obligations on us, including a requirement that we divest the assets subject to the Toshiba
divestiture (or other assets) to another purchaser, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Adverse global economic conditions and credit market uncertainty could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Adverse global economic conditions and uncertain conditions in the credit market have had, and in the future could have, a significant
adverse effect on our company and on the storage industry as a whole. Some of the risks and uncertainties we face as a result of these global economic and credit market conditions include the following: 

•

 Volatile Demand. Negative or uncertain global economic conditions could cause many of our direct and indirect customers to delay or reduce their
purchases of our products and systems containing our products. In addition, many of our customers rely on credit financing to purchase our products. If negative conditions in the global credit markets prevent our customers’ access to credit,
product orders may decrease, which could result in lower revenue. Likewise, if our suppliers, sub-suppliers and sub-contractors (collectively referred to as “suppliers”) face challenges in obtaining credit, in selling their products or
otherwise in operating their businesses, they may be unable to offer the materials we use to manufacture our products. These actions could result in reductions in our revenue and increased operating costs, which could adversely affect our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

•

 Restructuring Activities. If demand for our products slows as a result of deterioration in economic conditions, we may undertake restructuring
activities to realign our cost structure with softening demand. The occurrence of restructuring activities could result in impairment charges and other expenses, which could adversely impact our results of operations or financial condition.

•

 Credit Volatility and Loss of Receivables. We extend credit and payment terms to some of our customers. In addition to ongoing credit
evaluations of our customers’ financial condition, we traditionally seek to mitigate our credit risk by purchasing credit insurance on certain of our accounts receivable balances. As a result of the continued uncertainty and volatility in
global economic conditions, however, we may find it increasingly difficult to be able to insure these accounts receivable. We could suffer significant losses if a customer whose accounts receivable we have not insured, or have underinsured, fails
and is unable to pay us. Additionally, negative or uncertain global economic conditions increase the risk that if a customer whose accounts receivable we have insured fails, the financial condition of the insurance carrier for such customer account
may have also deteriorated such that it cannot cover our loss. A significant loss of an accounts receivable that we cannot recover through credit insurance would have a negative impact on our financial results. 

15 

Table of Contents

•

 Impairment Charges. Negative or uncertain global economic conditions could result in circumstances, such as a sustained decline in our stock
price and market capitalization or a decrease in our forecasted cash flows such that they are insufficient, indicating that the carrying value of our long-lived assets or goodwill may be impaired. If we are required to record a significant charge to
earnings in our consolidated financial statements because an impairment of our long-lived assets or goodwill is determined, our results of operations will be adversely affected. 

We participate in a highly competitive industry that is subject to the risk of declining average selling prices (“ASPs”),
volatile gross margins and significant shifts in market share, all of which could adversely affect our operating results. 

Demand for our hard drives depends in large part on the demand for systems manufactured by our customers and on storage upgrades to
existing systems. The demand for systems has been volatile in the past and often has had an exaggerated effect on the demand for hard drives in any given period. As a result, the hard drive market has experienced periods of excess capacity, which
can lead to liquidation of excess inventories and more intense price competition. If more intense price competition occurs, we may be forced to lower prices sooner and more than expected, which could adversely impact revenue and gross margins. Our
ASPs and gross margins also tend to decline when there is a shift in the mix of product sales, and sales of lower priced products increase relative to those of higher priced products. In addition, rapid technological changes often reduce the volume
and profitability of sales of existing products and increase the risk of inventory obsolescence. These factors, along with others, may result in significant shifts in market share among the industry’s major participants, including a substantial
decrease in our market share. 

Our failure to accurately forecast market and customer demand for our products, or to
quickly adjust to forecast changes, could adversely affect our business and financial results or operating efficiencies. 

The data storage industry faces difficulties in accurately forecasting market and customer demand for its products. The variety and
volume of products we manufacture is based in part on these forecasts. Accurately forecasting demand has become increasingly difficult for us, our customers and our suppliers in light of the volatility in global economic conditions and industry
consolidation, resulting in less availability of historical market data for certain product segments. In addition, because hard drives are designed to be largely interchangeable with competitors’ products, our demand forecasts may be impacted
significantly by the strategic actions of our competitors. As forecasting demand becomes more difficult, the risk that our forecasts are not in line with demand increases. If our forecasts exceed actual market demand, then we could experience
periods of product oversupply and price decreases, which could impact our financial performance. If market demand increases significantly beyond our forecasts or beyond our ability to add manufacturing capacity, then we may not be able to satisfy
customer product needs, possibly resulting in a loss of market share if our competitors are able to meet customer demands. 

We experience significant sales seasonality and cyclicality, which could cause our operating results to fluctuate. 

Sales of computer systems, storage subsystems and consumer electronics tend to be seasonal and cyclical, and therefore we expect to
continue to experience seasonality and cyclicality in our business as we respond to variations in our customers’ demand for hard drives. However, changes in seasonal and cyclical patterns have made it, and could continue to make it, more
difficult for us to forecast demand, especially as a result of the current macroeconomic environment. Changes in the product or channel mix of our business can also impact seasonal and cyclical patterns, adding complexity in forecasting demand.
Seasonality and cyclicality also may lead to higher volatility in our stock price. It is difficult for us to evaluate the degree to which seasonality and cyclicality may affect our stock price or business in future periods because of the rate and
unpredictability of product transitions and new product introductions and macroeconomic conditions. 

16 

Table of Contents

Our sales to the non-compute and enterprise markets (collectively, the “non-PC
markets”), representing an increasing percentage of our overall revenue, may not continue to grow at current estimates, which could materially adversely impact our operating results. 

The secular growth of digital data is resulting in a more diversified mix of revenue. For example, for the year ended June 28, 2013,
approximately 50% of our net revenue was derived from the non-PC markets. As sales to the non-PC markets become a more significant portion of our revenue, events or circumstances that adversely impact demand in these markets, or our ability to
address that demand successfully, could materially adversely impact our operating results. For example, demand in, or our sales to, the non-PC markets may be adversely affected by the following: 

•

 Mobile Devices. There has been and continues to be a rapid growth in devices that do not contain a hard drive such as tablet computers and smart
phones. As tablet computers and smart phones provide many of the same capabilities as PCs, they have displaced or materially affected, and may continue to displace or materially affect, the demand for PCs. If we are not successful in adapting our
product offerings to include disk drives or alternative storage solutions that address these devices, demand for our products in the non-PC markets may decrease and our financial results could be materially adversely affected.

•

 Cloud Computing. Consumers traditionally have stored their data on their PC, often supplemented with personal external storage devices. Most
businesses also include similar local storage as a primary or secondary storage location. This storage is typically provided by hard disk drives. Over the last few years, cloud computing has emerged whereby applications and data are hosted, accessed
and processed through a third-party provider over a broadband Internet connection, potentially reducing or eliminating the need for, among other things, significant storage inside the accessing computer. If we are not successful in manufacturing
compelling products to address the cloud computing opportunity, demand for our products in the non-PC markets may decrease and our financial results could be materially adversely affected. 

•

 Obsolete Inventory. In some cases, products we manufacture for the non-PC markets are uniquely configured for a single customer’s
application, creating a risk of obsolete inventory if anticipated demand is not actually realized. 

•

 Macroeconomic Conditions. Consumer spending in the non-PC markets has been, and may continue to be, adversely affected in many regions due to
negative macroeconomic conditions and high unemployment levels. Please see the risk factor entitled “
Adverse global economic conditions and credit market uncertainty could harm our business, results of operations and financial
condition.” for more risks and uncertainties relating to macroeconomic conditions. 

In addition,
demand in the non-PC markets also could be negatively impacted by developments in the regulation and enforcement of digital rights management, the emergence of processes such as data deduplication and storage virtualization, and the rate of increase
in areal density exceeding the increase in our customers’ demand for storage. These factors could lead to our customers’ storage needs being satisfied at lower prices with lower capacity hard drives or solid-state storage products that we
do not offer, thereby decreasing our revenue or putting us at a disadvantage to competing storage technologies. As a result, even with increasing aggregate demand for digital storage, if we fail to anticipate or timely respond to these developments
in the demand for storage, our ASPs could decline, which could adversely affect our operating results. 

Sales in the client
compute market (the “PC market”) are important to our business, and if we fail to respond to changes in the PC market, our operating results could suffer. 

While sales to the non-PC market are becoming a more significant source of revenue, sales to the PC market remain an important part of our business. The PC market, however, has been, and may continue to
be, adversely affected by the growth of tablet computers, smart phones and similar devices that perform many of the same capabilities as PCs, the lengthening of product life cycles and macroeconomic conditions. If demand in the PC market is worse
than expected as a result of these or other conditions, demand for our products in the PC market may decrease and our operating results may be adversely affected. 

17 

Table of Contents

Selling to the retail market is an important part of our business, and if we fail to
maintain and grow our market share or gain market acceptance of our branded products, our operating results could suffer. 

Selling branded products is an important part of our business, and as our branded products revenue increases as a portion of our overall revenue, our success in the retail market becomes increasingly
important to our operating results. Our success in the retail market depends in large part on our ability to maintain our brand image and corporate reputation and to expand into and gain market acceptance of our products in multiple channels,
including the e-tail channel. Adverse publicity, whether or not justified, or allegations of product or service quality issues, even if false or unfounded, could tarnish our reputation and cause our customers to choose products offered by our
competitors. In addition, the proliferation of new methods of mass communication facilitated by the Internet makes it easier for false or unfounded allegations to adversely affect our brand image and reputation. If customers no longer maintain a
preference for WD®
, HGST™ or G-Technology™ brand products, our operating results may be adversely
affected. 

Sales in the distribution channel are important to our business, and if we fail to respond to demand changes in
distribution markets or if distribution markets for hard drives weaken, our operating results could suffer. 

Our
distribution customers typically sell to small computer manufacturers, dealers, systems integrators and other resellers. We face significant competition in this channel as a result of limited product qualification programs and a significant focus on
price and availability of product. In addition, the PC market is experiencing a shift to notebook and other mobile devices and, as a result, more computing devices are being delivered to the market as complete systems, which could weaken the
distribution market. If we fail to respond to changes in demand in the distribution market, our operating results could suffer. Additionally, if the distribution market weakens as a result of a slowing PC growth rate, technology transitions or a
significant change in consumer buying preference, or if we experience significant price declines due to demand changes in the distribution channel, then our operating results would be adversely affected. 

Loss of market share with or by a key customer, or consolidation among our customer base, could harm our operating results.

During the year ended June 28, 2013, 44% of our revenue came from sales to our top 10 customers. These customers
have a variety of suppliers to choose from and therefore can make substantial demands on us, including demands on product pricing and on contractual terms, often resulting in the allocation of risk to us as the supplier. Our ability to maintain
strong relationships with our principal customers is essential to our future performance. If we lose a key customer, if any of our key customers reduce their orders of our products or require us to reduce our prices before we are able to reduce
costs, if a customer is acquired by one of our competitors or if a key customer suffers financial hardship, our operating results would likely be harmed. 

Additionally, if there is consolidation among our customer base, our customers may be able to command increased leverage in negotiating prices and other terms of sale, which could adversely affect our
profitability. In addition, if, as a result of increased leverage, customer pressures require us to reduce our pricing such that our gross margins are diminished, we could decide not to sell our products to a particular customer, which could result
in a decrease in our revenue. Consolidation among our customer base may also lead to reduced demand for our products, replacement of our products by the combined entity with those of our competitors and cancellations of orders, each of which could
harm our operating results. 

Our entry into additional markets increases the complexity of our business, and if we are
unable to successfully adapt our business processes and product offerings as required by these new markets, we will be at a competitive disadvantage and our ability to grow will be adversely affected. 

As we expand our product line to sell into additional markets, the overall complexity of our business increases at an accelerated rate
and we become subject to different market dynamics. The new markets into which we are expanding, or may expand, may have different characteristics from the markets we currently serve. These different characteristics may include, among other things,
demand volume requirements, demand seasonality, product generation development rates, customer concentrations, warranty and product return policies and performance and compatibility requirements. Our failure to make the necessary adaptations to our
business model and product offerings to address these different characteristics, complexities and new market dynamics could adversely affect our operating results. 

18 

Table of Contents

Expansion into new markets may cause our capital expenditures to increase, and if we do
not successfully expand into new markets, our business may suffer. 

To remain a significant supplier in the storage
industry, we will need to offer a broad range of storage products to our customers. We currently offer a variety of 3.5-inch or 2.5-inch hard drives for the PC and non-PC storage markets, as well as a variety of solid state drives. However, demand
for storage devices may shift to products in form factors or with interfaces that our competitors offer but which we do not. Expansion into other markets and resulting increases in manufacturing capacity requirements may require us to make
substantial additional investments in part because our operations are largely vertically integrated. If we fail to successfully expand into new markets with products that we do not currently offer, we may lose business to our competitors who offer
these products. 

Our vertical integration of head and magnetic media manufacturing makes us dependent on our ability to
timely and cost-effectively develop heads and magnetic media with leading technology and overall quality, increasing capital expenditure costs and asset utilization risks for our business. 

Under our business plan, we are developing and manufacturing a substantial portion of the heads and magnetic media used in the hard drive
products we manufacture. Consequently, we are more dependent upon our own development and execution efforts and less able to take advantage of head and magnetic media technologies developed by other manufacturers. Technology transition for head and
magnetic media designs is critical to increasing our volume production of heads and magnetic media. There can be no assurance, however, that we will be successful in timely and cost-effectively developing and manufacturing heads or magnetic media
for products using future technologies. We also may not effectively transition our head or magnetic media design and technology to achieve acceptable manufacturing yields using the technologies necessary to satisfy our customers’ product needs,
or we may encounter quality problems with the heads or magnetic media we manufacture. If we are unable to timely and cost-effectively develop heads and magnetic media with leading technology and overall quality, our ability to sell our products may
be significantly diminished, which could materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. 

In addition, as
a result of our vertical integration of head and magnetic media manufacturing, we make more capital investments and carry a higher percentage of fixed costs than we would if we were not vertically integrated. If our overall level of production
decreases for any reason, and we are unable to reduce our fixed costs to match sales, our head or magnetic media manufacturing assets may face underutilization that may impact our operating results. We are therefore subject to additional risks
related to overall asset utilization, including the need to operate at high levels of utilization to drive competitive costs and the need for assured supply of components that we do not manufacture ourselves. In addition, as a result of adverse
labor rates or availability, we may be required to increase investments in automation, which may cause our capital expenditures to increase. If we do not adequately address the challenges related to our head or magnetic media manufacturing
operations, our ongoing operations could be disrupted, resulting in a decrease in our revenue or profit margins and negatively impacting our operating results. 

We make significant investments in research and development to improve our technology and develop new technologies, and unsuccessful investments could materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Over the past several years, our business strategy has been to derive a
competitive advantage by moving from being a follower of new technologies to being a leader in the innovation and development of new technologies. This strategy requires us to make significant investments in research and development and, in
attempting to remain competitive, we may increase our capital expenditures and expenses above our historical run-rate model. There can be no assurance that these investments will result in viable technologies or products, or if these investments do
result in viable technologies or products, that they will be profitable or accepted by the market. Significant investments in unsuccessful research and development efforts could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. In addition, increased investments in technology could cause our cost structure to fall out of alignment with demand for our products, which would have a negative impact on our financial results. 

Current or future competitors may gain a technology advantage or develop an advantageous cost structure that we cannot match.

It may be possible for our current or future competitors to gain an advantage in product technology, manufacturing
technology, or process technology, which may allow them to offer products or services that have a significant advantage over the products and services that we offer. Advantages could be in capacity, performance, reliability, serviceability, or other
attributes. A competitive cost structure for our products, including critical components, labor and overhead, is also critical to the success of our business. We may be at a competitive disadvantage to any companies that are able to gain a
technological or cost structure advantage. 

19 

Table of Contents

Industry consolidation could provide competitive advantages to our competitors.

The storage industry has experienced consolidation over the past several years. Consolidation by our competitors may
enhance their capacity, abilities and resources and lower their cost structure, causing us to be at a competitive disadvantage. 

Some of our competitors with diversified business units outside of storage products may over extended periods of time sell storage
products at prices that we cannot profitably match. 

Some of our competitors earn a significant portion of their revenue
from business units outside of storage products. Because they do not depend solely on sales of storage products to achieve profitability, they may sell storage products at lower prices and operate their storage business unit at a loss over an
extended period of time while still remaining profitable overall. In addition, if these competitors can increase sales of non-storage products to the same customers, they may benefit from selling their storage products at lower prices. Our operating
results may be adversely affected if we cannot successfully compete with the pricing by these companies. 

If we fail to
qualify our products with our customers, it may have a significant adverse impact on our sales and margins. 

We regularly
engage in new product qualification with our customers. Once a product is accepted for qualification testing, failures or delays in the qualification process can result in delayed or reduced product sales, reduced product margins caused by having to
continue to offer a more costly current generation product, or lost sales to that customer until the next generation of products is introduced. The effect of missing a product qualification opportunity is magnified by the limited number of high
volume OEMs, which continue to consolidate their share of the storage markets. Likewise, if product life cycles lengthen, we may have a significantly longer period to wait before we have an opportunity to qualify a new product with a customer, which
could reduce our profits because we expect declining gross margins on our current generation products as a result of competitive pressures. 

We are subject to risks related to product defects, which could result in product recalls or epidemic failures and could subject us to warranty claims in excess of our warranty provisions or which are
greater than anticipated. 

We warrant the majority of our products for periods of one to five years. We test our hard
drives in our manufacturing facilities through a variety of means. However, there can be no assurance that our testing will reveal defects in our products, which may not become apparent until after the products have been sold into the market.
Accordingly, there is a risk that product defects will occur, which could require a product recall. Product recalls can be expensive to implement and, if a product recall occurs during the product’s warranty period, we may be required to
replace the defective product. Moreover, there is a risk that product defects may trigger an epidemic failure clause in a customer agreement. If an epidemic failure occurs, we may be required to replace or refund the value of the defective product
and to cover certain other costs associated with the consequences of the epidemic failure. In addition, a product recall or epidemic failure may damage our reputation or customer relationships, and may cause us to lose market share with our
customers, including our OEM and ODM customers. 

Our standard warranties contain limits on damages and exclusions of liability
for consequential damages and for misuse, improper installation, alteration, accident or mishandling while in the possession of someone other than us. We record an accrual for estimated warranty costs at the time revenue is recognized. We may incur
additional operating expenses if our warranty provision does not reflect the actual cost of resolving issues related to defects in our products, whether as a result of a product recall, epidemic failure or otherwise. If these additional expenses are
significant, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

20 

Table of Contents

Dependence on a limited number of qualified suppliers of components and manufacturing
equipment could lead to delays, lost revenue or increased costs. 

Our future operating results may depend substantially on
our suppliers’ ability to timely qualify their components in our programs, and their ability to supply us with these components in sufficient volumes to meet our production requirements. A number of the components that we use are available from
only a single or limited number of qualified suppliers, and may be used across multiple product lines. As such, the success of our products depends on our ability to gain access to and integrate parts from reliable component suppliers. To do so, we
must maintain effective relationships with our supply base to source our component needs, develop compatible technology, and maintain continuity of supply at reasonable costs. If we fail to maintain effective relationships with our supply base, or
if we fail to integrate components from our suppliers effectively, this may adversely affect our ability to develop and deliver the best products to our customers and our profitability could suffer. 

Certain equipment and consumables we use in our manufacturing or testing processes are available only from a limited number of suppliers.
Some of this equipment and consumables use materials that at times could be in short supply. If these materials are not available, or are not available in the quantities we require for our manufacturing and testing processes, our ability to
manufacture our products could be impacted, and we could suffer significant loss of revenue. 

Each of the following could also
significantly harm our operating results: 

•

 an unwillingness of a supplier to supply such components or equipment to us; 

•

 consolidation of key suppliers; 

•

 failure of a key supplier’s business process; 

•

 a key supplier’s or sub-supplier’s inability to access credit necessary to operate its business; or 

•

 failure of a key supplier to remain in business, to remain an independent merchant supplier, or to adjust to market conditions.

Failure by certain suppliers to effectively and efficiently develop and manufacture components,
technology or production equipment for our products may adversely affect our operations. 

We rely on suppliers for various
component parts that we integrate into our hard drives but do not manufacture ourselves, such as semiconductors, motors, flex circuits and suspensions. Likewise, we rely on suppliers for certain technology and equipment necessary for advanced
development technology for future products. Some of these components, and most of this technology and production equipment, must be specifically designed to be compatible for use in our products or for developing and manufacturing our future
products, and are only available from a limited number of suppliers, some of whom are our sole-source suppliers. We are therefore dependent on these suppliers to be able and willing to dedicate adequate engineering resources to develop components
that can be successfully integrated into our products, and technology and production equipment that can be used to develop and manufacture our next-generation products efficiently. As consolidation in the hard drive supply chain increases, these
suppliers may reevaluate their business models. The failure of these suppliers to effectively and efficiently develop and manufacture components, technology and production equipment for our products, or a decision by these suppliers to exit this
industry, may cause us to be unable to, or experience a delay in our ability to, manufacture and ship hard drive products, expand into new technology and markets, or compete with alternative storage technologies, therefore adversely affecting our
business and financial results. In addition, these suppliers may seek to impose volume guarantees on us or to shift the burden of certain fixed costs to us in order to continue developing and manufacturing components, technology or production
equipment for our products, each of which may adversely affect our business and financial results. 

21 

Table of Contents

Price volatility, shortages of commodity materials or commodity components, or use by
other industries of materials and components used in the storage industry, may negatively impact our operating results. 

Increases in the cost for certain commodity materials, commodity components and oil may increase our costs of manufacturing and
transporting hard drives and key components and may result in lower operating margins if we are unable to pass these increased costs on to our customers. Shortages of commodity components such as DRAM and NAND flash, or commodity materials such as
glass substrates, stainless steel, aluminum, nickel, neodymium, ruthenium, platinum or cerium, may increase our costs and may result in lower operating margins if we are unable to find ways to mitigate these increased costs. We or our suppliers
acquire certain precious metals and rare earth metals like ruthenium, platinum, neodymium and cerium, which are critical to the manufacture of components in our products from a number of countries, including the People’s Republic of China. The
government of China or any other nation may impose regulations, quotas or embargoes upon these metals that would restrict the worldwide supply of such metals or increase their cost, both of which could negatively impact our operating results until
alternative suppliers are sourced. Furthermore, if other high volume industries increase their demand for materials or components used in our products, our costs may further increase, which could have an adverse effect on our operating margins. In
addition, shortages in other commodity components and materials used in our customers’ products could result in a decrease in demand for our products, which would negatively impact our operating results. 

Contractual commitments with component suppliers may result in us paying increased charges and cash advances for such components or
may cause us to have inadequate or excess component inventory. 

To reduce the risk of component shortages, we attempt to
provide significant lead times when buying components, which may subject us to cancellation charges if we cancel orders as a result of technology transitions or changes in our component needs. In addition, we may from time to time enter into
contractual commitments with component suppliers in an effort to increase and stabilize the supply of those components and enable us to purchase such components at favorable prices. Some of these commitments may require us to buy a substantial
number of components from the supplier or make significant cash advances to the supplier; however, these commitments may not result in a satisfactory increase or stabilization of the supply of such components. Furthermore, as a result of uncertain
global economic conditions, our ability to forecast our requirements for these components has become increasingly difficult, therefore increasing the risk that our contractual commitments may not meet our actual supply requirements, which could
cause us to have inadequate or excess component inventory and adversely affect our operating results and increase our operating costs. 

Changes in product life cycles could adversely affect our financial results. 

If product life cycles lengthen, we may need to develop new technologies or programs to reduce our costs on any particular product to maintain competitive pricing for that product. If product life cycles
shorten, it may result in an increase in our overall expenses and a decrease in our gross margins, both of which could adversely affect our operating results. In addition, shortening of product life cycles also makes it more difficult to recover the
cost of product development before the product becomes obsolete. Our failure to recover the cost of product development in the future could adversely affect our operating results. 

A fundamental change in recording technology could result in significant increases in our costs and could put us at a competitive
disadvantage. 

Historically, when the industry experiences a fundamental change in technology, any manufacturer that fails
to successfully and timely adjust its designs and processes to accommodate the new technology fails to remain competitive. There are some revolutionary technologies, such as current-perpendicular-to-plane giant magnetoresistance, shingle magnetic
recording, energy assisted magnetic recording, patterned magnetic media and advanced signal processing, that if implemented by a competitor on a commercially viable basis ahead of the industry, could put us at a competitive disadvantage. As a result
of these technology shifts, we could incur substantial costs in developing new technologies, such as heads, magnetic media, and tools to remain competitive. If we fail to successfully implement these new technologies, or if we are significantly
slower than our competitors at implementing new technologies, we may not be able to offer products with capacities that our customers desire, which could harm our operating results. 

The difficulty of introducing hard drives with higher levels of areal density and the challenges of reducing other costs may impact
our ability to achieve historical levels of cost reduction. 

Storage capacity of the hard drive, as manufactured by us, is
determined by the number of disks and each disk’s areal density. Areal density is a measure of the amount of magnetic bits that can be stored on the recording surface of the disk. Generally, the higher the areal density, the more information
can be stored on a single platter. Higher areal densities require existing head and magnetic media technology to be improved or new technologies developed to accommodate more data on a single disk. Historically, we have been able to achieve a large
percentage of cost reduction through increases in areal density. Increases in areal density mean that the average drive we sell has fewer heads and disks for the same capacity and, therefore, may result in a lower component cost. However, increasing
areal density has become more difficult in the storage industry. If we are not able to increase areal density at the same rate as our competitors or at a rate that is expected by our customers, we may be required to include more components in our
drives to meet demand without corresponding incremental revenue, which could negatively impact our operating margins and make achieving historical levels of cost reduction difficult or unlikely. Additionally, increases in areal density may require
us to make further capital expenditures on items such as new testing equipment needed as a result of an increased number of gigabytes per platter. Our inability to achieve cost reductions could adversely affect our operating results. 

22 

Table of Contents

If we do not properly manage technology transitions, our competitiveness and operating
results may be negatively affected. 

The storage markets in which we offer our products continuously undergo technology
transitions which we must anticipate and adapt our products to address in a timely manner. If we fail to implement these new technologies successfully, or if we are slower than our competitors at implementing new technologies, we may not be able to
competitively offer products that our customers desire, which could harm our operating results. 

If we do not properly
manage new product development, our competitiveness and operating results may be negatively affected. 

As advances in
computer hardware and software are made, our customers have demanded a more diversified portfolio of disk drive products with new and additional features. In some cases, this demand results in investments in new products for a particular market that
do not necessarily expand overall market opportunity, which may negatively affect our operating results. 

In addition, the
success of our new product introductions depends on a number of other factors, including 

•

 difficulties faced in manufacturing ramp; 

•

 implementing at an acceptable cost product features expected by our customers; 

•

 market acceptance/qualification; 

•

 effective management of inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand; and 

•

 quality problems or other defects in the early stages of new product introduction that were not anticipated in the design of those products.

Our business may suffer if we fail to successfully anticipate and manage issues associated with our product
development. 

If we fail to develop and introduce new products that are competitive against alternative storage
technologies, our business may suffer. 

Our success depends in part on our ability to develop and introduce new products
in a timely manner in order to keep pace with competing technologies. Alternative storage technologies like solid-state storage technology have successfully served digital entertainment markets for products such as digital cameras, MP3 players, USB
flash drives, mobile phones and tablet devices that cannot be economically serviced using hard drive technology. Advances in semiconductor technology have resulted in solid-state storage emerging as a technology that is competitive with hard drives
for high performance needs in advanced digital computing markets such as enterprise servers and storage. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in anticipating and developing new products for the PC and non-PC storage markets in
response to solid-state storage, as well as other competing technologies. If our hard drive technology fails to offer higher capacity, performance and reliability with lower cost-per-gigabyte than solid-state storage, we will be at a competitive
disadvantage to companies using semiconductor technology and our business will suffer. 

23 

Table of Contents

Our manufacturing operations, and those of certain of our suppliers and customers, are
concentrated in large, purpose-built facilities, subjecting us to substantial risk of damage or loss if operations at any of these facilities are disrupted. 

As a result of our cost structure and strategy of vertical integration, we conduct our manufacturing operations at large, high volume, purpose-built facilities in California and in Asia. The manufacturing
facilities of many of our customers, our suppliers and our customers’ suppliers are also concentrated in certain geographic locations in Asia and elsewhere. A localized health risk affecting our employees at these facilities or the staff of our
or our customers’ other suppliers, such as the spread of a pandemic influenza, could impair the total volume of hard drives that we are able to manufacture or sell, which would result in substantial harm to our operating results. Similarly, a
fire, flood, earthquake, tsunami or other disaster, condition or event such as political instability, civil unrest or a power outage that adversely affects any of these facilities, including access to or from these facilities by employees or
logistics operations, would significantly affect our ability to manufacture or sell hard drives, which would result in a substantial loss of sales and revenue and a substantial harm to our operating results. For example, prior to the 2011 flooding
in Thailand, all of our internal slider capacity and 60% of our hard drive manufacturing capacity was in Thailand. As a result of the flooding in Thailand, our facilities were inundated and temporarily shut down. During that period, our ability to
manufacture hard drives was significantly constrained, adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. A significant event that impacts any of our manufacturing sites, or the sites of our customers or suppliers,
could adversely affect our ability to manufacture hard drives, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer. 

Manufacturing and marketing our products globally subjects us to numerous risks. 

We are subject to risks associated with our global manufacturing operations and global marketing efforts, including: 

•

 obtaining requisite governmental permits and approvals; 

•

 currency exchange rate fluctuations or restrictions; 

•

 political instability and civil unrest; 

•

 limited transportation availability, delays, and extended time required for shipping, which risks may be compounded in periods of price declines;

•

 higher freight rates; 

•

 labor challenges, including difficulties finding and retaining talent or responding to labor disputes or disruptions; 

•

 trade restrictions or higher tariffs; 

•

 copyright levies or similar fees or taxes imposed in European and other countries; 

•

 exchange, currency and tax controls and reallocations; 

•

 increasing labor and overhead costs; and 

•

 loss or non-renewal of favorable tax treatment under agreements or treaties with foreign tax authorities. 

24 

Table of Contents

Terrorist attacks may adversely affect our business and operating results.

The continued threat of terrorist activity and other acts of war or hostility have created uncertainty in the financial
and insurance markets and have significantly increased the political, economic and social instability in some of the geographic areas in which we operate. Additionally, it is uncertain what impact the reactions to such acts by various governmental
agencies and security regulators worldwide will have on shipping costs. Acts of terrorism, either domestically or abroad, could create further uncertainties and instability. To the extent this results in disruption or delays of our manufacturing
capabilities or shipments of our products, our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Sudden disruptions to the availability of freight lanes could have an impact on our operations. 

We generally ship our products to our customers, and receive shipments from our suppliers, via air, ocean or land freight. The sudden
unavailability or disruption of cargo operations or freight lanes caused by, among other things, labor difficulties or disputes, severe weather patterns or other natural disasters, or political instability or civil unrest, could impact our operating
results by impairing our ability to timely and efficiently deliver our products. 

We are vulnerable to system failures or
attacks, which could harm our business. 

We are heavily dependent on our technology infrastructure, among other functions,
to operate our factories, sell our products, fulfill orders, manage inventory and bill, collect and make payments. Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, cyber-attacks
such as computer viruses, computer denial-of-service attacks and other events. Our business is also subject to break-ins, sabotage and intentional acts of vandalism by third parties as well as employees. Despite any precautions we may take, such
problems could result in, among other consequences, loss or theft of our, our customers’ or our business partners’ intellectual property, proprietary business information or personally identifiable information; damage to our reputation;
interruptions in our business; and remediation costs, each of which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

If we fail to identify, manage, complete and integrate acquisitions, investment opportunities or other significant transactions, it may adversely affect our future results. 

As part of our growth strategy, we may pursue acquisitions of, investment opportunities in or other significant transactions with
companies that are complementary to our business. In order to pursue this strategy successfully, we must identify attractive acquisition or investment opportunities, successfully complete the transaction, some of which may be large and complex, and
manage post-closing issues such as integration of the acquired company or employees. We may not be able to identify or complete appealing acquisition or investment opportunities given the intense competition for these transactions. Even if we
identify and complete suitable corporate transactions, we may not be able to successfully address any integration challenges in a timely manner, or at all. If we fail to successfully integrate an acquisition, we may not realize all or any of the
anticipated benefits of the acquisition, and our future results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Please also see
the risk factors above for specific risks and uncertainties regarding our acquisition of HGST. 

25 

Table of Contents

If we are unable to retain or hire key staff and skilled employees our business results
may suffer. 

Our success depends upon the continued contributions of our key staff and skilled employees, many of whom
would be extremely difficult to replace. Global competition for skilled employees in the data storage industry is intense and, as we attempt to move to a position of technology leadership in the storage industry, our business success becomes
increasingly dependent on our ability to retain our key staff and skilled employees as well as attract, integrate and retain new skilled employees. Volatility or lack of positive performance in our stock price and the overall markets may adversely
affect our ability to retain key staff or skilled employees who have received equity compensation. Additionally, because a substantial portion of our key employees’ compensation is placed “at risk” and linked to the performance of our
business, when our operating results are negatively impacted by global economic conditions, we are at a competitive disadvantage for retaining and hiring key staff and skilled employees versus other companies that pay a relatively higher fixed
salary. If we are unable to retain our existing key staff or skilled employees, or hire and integrate new key staff or skilled employees, or if we fail to implement succession plans for our key staff, our operating results would likely be harmed.

The nature of our industry and its reliance on intellectual property and other proprietary information subjects us and our
suppliers and customers to the risk of significant litigation. 

The data storage industry has been characterized by
significant litigation. This includes litigation relating to patent and other intellectual property rights, product liability claims and other types of litigation. Litigation can be expensive, lengthy and disruptive to normal business operations.
Moreover, the results of litigation are inherently uncertain and may result in adverse rulings or decisions. We may enter into settlements or be subject to judgments that may, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition or operating results. As disclosed in Part II, Item 8, Note 5 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K on November 18, 2011, a sole arbitrator ruled against
us in an arbitration in Minnesota. The arbitration involves claims brought by Seagate Technology LLC against us and a now former employee, alleging misappropriation of confidential information and trade secrets. The arbitrator issued an interim
award against us in the amount of $525 million plus pre-award interest. On January 23, 2012, the arbitrator issued a final award adding pre-award interest in the amount of $105.4 million, for a total award of $630.4 million. On January 23,
2012, we filed a petition in the District Court of Hennepin County, Minnesota to have the final arbitration award vacated, and a hearing on the petition was held on March 1, 2012. On October 12, 2012, the District Court of Hennepin County,
Minnesota vacated, in full, the $630.4 million final arbitration award and ordered that a rehearing be held concerning certain trade secret claims before a new arbitrator. On October 30, 2012, Seagate initiated an appeal of the District
Court’s decision with the Minnesota Court of Appeals. Oral arguments in the appeal were held on April 24, 2013. On July 22, 2013, the Minnesota Court of Appeals reversed the District Court’s decision and remanded for entry of an
order and judgment confirming the arbitration award. We strongly disagree with the decision of the Court of Appeals, believe that the District Court’s decision was correct, and will file a petition for review with the Minnesota Supreme Court.
If the Minnesota Supreme Court elects not to hear our petition for review or affirms the Court of Appeals decision, the District Court is expected to enter an order and judgment confirming the $630.4 million final arbitration award, plus post-award
interest on the $525 million initial award at the statutory rate of 10% from January 24, 2012. No judgment will be entered while we are petitioning the Minnesota Supreme Court. 

We evaluate notices of alleged patent infringement and notices of patents from patent holders that we receive from time to time. If
claims or actions are asserted against us, we may be required to obtain a license or cross-license, modify our existing technology or design a new non-infringing technology. Such licenses or design modifications can be extremely costly. In addition,
we may decide to settle a claim or action against us, which settlement could be costly. We may also be liable for any past infringement. If there is an adverse ruling against us in an infringement lawsuit, an injunction could be issued barring
production or sale of any infringing product. It could also result in a damage award equal to a reasonable royalty or lost profits or, if there is a finding of willful infringement, treble damages. Any of these results would increase our costs and
harm our operating results. In addition, our suppliers and customers are subject to similar risks of litigation, and a material, adverse ruling against a supplier or customer could negatively impact our business. 

Our reliance on intellectual property and other proprietary information subjects us to the risk that these key ingredients of our
business could be copied by competitors. 

Our success depends, in significant part, on the proprietary nature of our
technology, including non-patentable intellectual property such as our process technology. If a competitor is able to reproduce or otherwise capitalize on our technology despite the safeguards we have in place, it may be difficult, expensive or
impossible for us to obtain necessary legal protection. Also, the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property to the same extent as do U.S. laws. In addition to patent protection of intellectual property rights, we
consider elements of our product designs and processes to be proprietary and confidential. We rely upon employee, consultant and vendor non-disclosure agreements and contractual provisions and a system of internal safeguards to protect our
proprietary information. However, any of our registered or unregistered intellectual property rights may be challenged or exploited by others in the industry, which might harm our operating results. 

26 

Table of Contents

The costs of compliance with state, federal and international legal and regulatory
requirements, such as environmental, labor, trade and tax regulations, and customers’ standards of corporate citizenship could cause an increase in our operating costs. 

We are subject to, and may become subject to additional, state, federal and international laws and regulations governing our
environmental, labor, trade and tax practices. These laws and regulations, particularly those applicable to our international operations, are or may be complex, extensive and subject to change. We will need to ensure that we and our component
suppliers timely comply with such laws and regulations, which may result in an increase in our operating costs. For example, in August 2012, the Securities and Exchange Commission adopted final rules to implement Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act intended to improve transparency and accountability concerning the supply of minerals originating from the conflict zones of the Democratic Republic of Congo or adjoining countries, which obligates us
to conduct a reasonable country of origin inquiry with respect to conflict minerals included in components of products we directly manufacture, contract to manufacture and purchase to include in products. Other legislation has been, and may in the
future be, enacted in other locations where we manufacture or sell our products. In addition, climate change and financial reform legislation in the United States is a significant topic of discussion and has generated and may continue to generate
federal or other regulatory responses in the near future. If we or our component suppliers fail to timely comply with applicable legislation, our customers may refuse to purchase our products or we may face increased operating costs as a result of
taxes, fines or penalties, which would have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

In connection with our compliance with such environmental laws and regulations, as well as our compliance with industry environmental initiatives, the standards of business conduct required by some of our
customers, and our commitment to sound corporate citizenship in all aspects of our business, we could incur substantial compliance and operating costs and be subject to disruptions to our operations and logistics. In addition, if we were found to be
in violation of these laws or noncompliant with these initiatives or standards of conduct, we could be subject to governmental fines, liability to our customers and damage to our reputation and corporate brand which could cause our financial
condition or operating results to suffer. 

Violation of applicable laws, including labor or environmental laws, and certain
other practices by our suppliers or customers could harm our business. 

We expect our suppliers and customers to operate
in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including labor and environmental laws, and to otherwise meet our required standards of conduct. While our internal operating guidelines promote ethical business practices, we do not control our
suppliers or customers or their labor or environmental practices. The violation of labor, environmental or other laws by any of our suppliers or customers, or divergence of a supplier’s or customer’s business practices from those generally
accepted as ethical, could harm our business by: 

•

 interrupting or otherwise disrupting the shipment of our product components; 

•

 damaging our reputation; 

•

 forcing us to find alternate component sources; 

•

 reducing demand for our products (for example, through a consumer boycott); or 

•

 exposing us to potential liability for our suppliers’ or customers’ wrongdoings. 

27 

Table of Contents

Failure to continue to pay quarterly cash dividends to our shareholders could cause the
market price for our common stock to decline. 

Our payment of quarterly cash dividends will be subject to, among other
things, our financial position and results of operations, available cash and cash flow, capital requirements, and other factors. Any reduction or discontinuance by us of the payment of quarterly cash dividends could cause the market price of our
common stock to decline. Moreover, in the event our payment of quarterly cash dividends is reduced or discontinued, our failure or inability to resume paying cash dividends at historical levels could result in a lower market valuation of our common
stock. 

Fluctuations in currency exchange rates as a result of our international operations may negatively affect our
operating results. 

Because we manufacture and sell our products abroad, our revenue, margins, operating costs and cash
flows are impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. If the U.S. dollar exhibits sustained weakness against most foreign currencies, the U.S. dollar equivalents of unhedged manufacturing costs could increase because a significant
portion of our production costs are foreign-currency denominated. Conversely, there would not be an offsetting impact to revenues since revenues are substantially U.S. dollar denominated. Additionally, we negotiate and procure some of our component
requirements in U.S. dollars from non-U.S. based vendors. If the U.S. dollar weakens against other foreign currencies, some of our component suppliers may increase the price they charge for their components in order to maintain an equivalent profit
margin. If this occurs, it would have a negative impact on our operating results. 

Prices for our products are substantially
U.S. dollar denominated even when sold to customers that are located outside the United States. Therefore, as a substantial portion of our sales are from countries outside the United States, fluctuations in currency exchanges rates, most notably the
strengthening of the U.S. dollar against other foreign currencies, contribute to variations in sales of products in impacted jurisdictions and could adversely impact demand and revenue growth. In addition, currency variations can adversely affect
margins on sales of our products in countries outside the United States. 

We have attempted to manage the impact of foreign
currency exchange rate changes by, among other things, entering into short-term, foreign exchange contracts. However, these contracts do not cover our full exposure and can be canceled by the counterparty if currency controls are put in place.

Increases in our customers’ credit risk could result in credit losses and an increase in our operating costs.

Some of our OEM customers have adopted a subcontractor model that requires us to contract directly with companies, such
as ODMs, that provide manufacturing and fulfillment services to our OEM customers. Because these subcontractors are generally not as well capitalized as our direct OEM customers, this subcontractor model exposes us to increased credit risks. Our
agreements with our OEM customers may not permit us to increase our product prices to alleviate this increased credit risk. Additionally, as we attempt to expand our OEM and distribution channel sales into emerging economies such as Brazil, Russia,
India and China, the customers with the most success in these regions may have relatively short operating histories, making it more difficult for us to accurately assess the associated credit risks. Our acquisition of HGST has also resulted in an
increase to our customer credit risk given that we service many of the same customers. Any credit losses we may suffer as a result of these increased risks, or as a result of credit losses from any significant customer, would increase our operating
costs, which may negatively impact our operating results. 

Our operating results fluctuate, sometimes significantly, from
period to period due to many factors, which may result in a significant decline in our stock price. 

Our quarterly
operating results may be subject to significant fluctuations as a result of a number of other factors including: 

•

 the timing of orders from and shipment of products to major customers; 

•

 our product mix; 

•

 changes in the prices of our products; 

28 

Table of Contents

•

 manufacturing delays or interruptions; 

•

 acceptance by customers of competing products in lieu of our products; 

•

 variations in the cost of and lead times for components for our products; 

•

 limited availability of components that we obtain from a single or a limited number of suppliers; 

•

 seasonal and other fluctuations in demand for PCs often due to technological advances; and 

•

 availability and rates of transportation. 

We often ship a high percentage of our total quarterly sales in the third month of the quarter, which makes it difficult for us to forecast our financial results before the end of the quarter. As a result
of the above or other factors, our forecast of operating results for the quarter may differ materially from our actual financial results. If our results of operations fail to meet the expectations of analysts or investors, it could cause an
immediate and significant decline in our stock price. 

We have made and continue to make a number of estimates and
assumptions relating to our consolidated financial reporting, and actual results may differ significantly from our estimates and assumptions. 

We have made and continue to make a number of estimates and assumptions relating to our consolidated financial reporting. The highly technical nature of our products and the rapidly changing market
conditions with which we deal means that actual results may differ significantly from our estimates and assumptions. These changes have impacted our financial results in the past and may continue to do so in the future. Key estimates and assumptions
for us include: 

•

 price protection adjustments and other sales promotions and allowances on products sold to retailers, resellers and distributors;

•

 inventory adjustments for write-down of inventories to lower of cost or market value (net realizable value); 

•

 testing of goodwill and other long-lived assets for impairment; 

•

 reserves for doubtful accounts; 

•

 accruals for product returns; 

•

 accruals for warranty costs related to product defects; 

•

 accruals for litigation and other contingencies; 

•

 liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits; and 

•

 expensing of stock-based compensation. 

29 

Table of Contents

The market price of our common stock is volatile. 

The market price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, extremely volatile. Factors that may significantly affect the
market price of our common stock include the following: 

•

 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results, including those resulting from the seasonality of our business;

•

 announcements of technological innovations by us or our competitors, which may decrease the volume and profitability of sales of our existing products
and increase the risk of inventory obsolescence; 

•

 new products introduced by us or our competitors; 

•

 strategic actions by us or competitors, such as acquisitions and restructurings; 

•

 periods of severe pricing pressures due to oversupply or price erosion resulting from competitive pressures or industry consolidation;

•

 developments with respect to patents or proprietary rights; 

•

 proposed or adopted regulatory changes or developments or anticipated or pending investigations, proceedings or litigation that involve or affect us or
our competitors; 

•

 conditions and trends in the hard drive, computer, data and content management, storage and communication industries; 

•

 contraction in our operating results or growth rates that are lower than our previous high growth-rate periods; 

•

 failure to meet analysts’ revenue or earnings estimates or changes in financial estimates or publication of research reports and recommendations
by financial analysts relating specifically to us or the storage industry in general; and 

•

 macroeconomic conditions that affect the market generally and, in particular, developments related to market conditions for our industry.

In addition, the stock market is subject to fluctuations in the stock prices and trading volumes that
affect the market prices of the stock of public companies, including us. These broad market fluctuations have adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect the market price of shares of our common stock. For example, expectations
concerning general economic conditions may cause the stock market to experience extreme price and volume fluctuations from time to time that particularly affect the stock prices of many high technology companies. These fluctuations often appear to
be unrelated to the operating performance of the companies. 

Securities class action lawsuits are often brought against
companies after periods of volatility in the market price of their securities. A number of such suits have been filed against us in the past, and should any new lawsuits be filed, such matters could result in substantial costs and a diversion of
resources and management’s attention. 

The resale of shares of common stock issued to Hitachi in connection with our
acquisition of HGST could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

On March 8, 2012, as partial
consideration for our acquisition of HGST, we issued 25 million shares of our common stock to Hitachi. We are required by the terms of an Investor Rights Agreement we entered into with Hitachi to file a Form S-3 registration statement with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before August 28, 2013 to register the resale by Hitachi of these shares of common stock. Sales of these shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales may
occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Further, because we do not know when or in what amounts Hitachi may seek to sell these shares of common stock, uncertainty about the market price of our common stock could extend
for a significant period of time and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. 

30 

Table of Contents

Current economic conditions have caused us difficulty in adequately protecting our
increased cash and cash equivalents from financial institution failures. 

The uncertain global economic conditions and
volatile investment markets have caused us to hold more cash and cash equivalents than we would hold under normal circumstances. Since there has been an overall increase in demand for low-risk, U.S. government-backed securities with a limited supply
in the financial marketplace, we face increased difficulty in adequately protecting our increased cash and cash equivalents from possible sudden and unforeseeable failures by banks and other financial institutions. A failure of any of these
financial institutions in which deposits exceed FDIC limits could have an adverse impact on our financial position. 

If our
internal controls are found to be ineffective, our stock price may be adversely affected. 

Our most recent evaluation
resulted in our conclusion that as of June 28, 2013, in compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. If our internal control over financial reporting is found
to be ineffective or if we identify a material weakness in our financial reporting in future periods, investors may lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which may adversely affect our stock price. 

From time to time we may become subject to income tax audits or similar proceedings, and as a result we may incur additional costs and
expenses or owe additional taxes, interest and penalties that may negatively impact our operating results. 

We are subject
to income taxes in the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions, and our determination of our tax liability is subject to review by applicable domestic and foreign tax authorities. For example, as we have previously disclosed, we are under
examination by the Internal Revenue Service for certain fiscal years and in connection with that examination, we received Revenue Agent Reports seeking certain adjustments to income as disclosed in Part II, Item 8, Note 9 in the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Although we believe our tax positions are properly supported, the final timing and resolution of the notice of proposed adjustment and the audits are subject to
significant uncertainty and could result in our having to pay amounts to the applicable tax authority in order to resolve examination of our tax positions, which could result in an increase or decrease of our current estimate of unrecognized tax
benefits and may negatively impact our financial position, results of operations, net income or cash flows.