Negative
 or uncertain global economic conditions could result in a
 decrease in our sales and revenue and an increase in our
 operating costs, which could adversely affect our business and
 operating results.

 Negative or uncertain global economic conditions could cause
 many of our direct and indirect customers to delay or reduce
 their purchases of our products and systems containing our
 products. In addition, many of our customers in each of the OEM,
 distribution and retail channels rely on credit financing in
 order to purchase our products. If negative conditions in the
 global credit markets prevent our customers’ access to
 credit, product orders in these channels may decrease, which
 could result in lower revenue. Likewise, if our suppliers face
 challenges in obtaining credit, in selling their products or
 otherwise in operating their businesses, they may be unable to
 offer the materials we use to manufacture our products. These
 actions could result in reductions in our revenue, increased
 price competition and increased operating costs, which could
 adversely affect our business, results of operations and
 financial condition.

 If
 industry demand slows significantly as a result of negative or
 uncertain global economic conditions or otherwise, we may have
 to take steps to align our cost structure with demand, which
 could result in impairment charges and have a negative impact on
 our operating results.

 If demand slows significantly as a result of a deterioration in
 economic conditions or otherwise, we may need to execute
 restructuring activities to realign our cost structure with
 softening demand. The occurrence of restructuring activities
 could result in impairment charges and other expenses, which
 could adversely impact our results of operations or financial
 condition.

 Negative
 or uncertain global economic conditions increase the risk that
 we could suffer unrecoverable losses on our customers’
 accounts receivable, which would adversely affect our financial
 results.

 We extend credit and payment terms to some of our customers. In
 addition to ongoing credit evaluations of our customers’
 financial condition, we traditionally seek to mitigate our
 credit risk by purchasing credit insurance on certain of our
 accounts receivable balances; however, as a result of the recent
 uncertainty and volatility in global economic conditions, we may
 find it increasingly difficult to be able to insure these
 accounts receivable. We could suffer significant losses if a
 customer whose accounts receivable we have not insured, or have
 underinsured, fails and is unable to pay us.

 17

Table of Contents

 Additionally, negative or uncertain global economic conditions
 increase the risk that if a customer whose accounts receivable
 we have insured fails, the financial condition of the insurance
 carrier for such customer account may have also deteriorated
 such that it cannot cover our loss. A significant loss of an
 accounts receivable that we cannot recover through credit
 insurance would have a negative impact on our financial results.

 If our
 long-lived assets or goodwill become impaired, it may adversely
 affect our operating results.

 Negative or uncertain global economic conditions could result in
 circumstances, such as a sustained decline in our stock price
 and market capitalization or a decrease in our forecasted cash
 flows such that they are insufficient, indicating that the
 carrying value of our long-lived assets or goodwill may be
 impaired. If we are required to record a significant charge to
 earnings in our consolidated financial statements because an
 impairment of our long-lived assets or goodwill is determined,
 our results of operations will be adversely affected.

 Declines
 in average selling prices (“ASPs”) in the hard drive
 industry could adversely affect our operating results.

 Historically, the hard drive industry has experienced declining
 ASPs. Our ASPs tend to decline when competitors lower prices as
 a result of decreased costs or to absorb excess capacity,
 liquidate excess inventories, restructure or attempt to gain
 market share. Our ASPs also decline when there is a shift in the
 mix of product sales, and sales of lower priced products
 increase relative to those of higher priced products. When ASPs
 in the hard drive industry decline, our ASPs are also likely to
 decline, which adversely affects our operating results.

 If we
 fail to anticipate or timely respond to changes in the markets
 for hard drives, our operating results could be adversely
 affected.

 The PC industry, which comprises a substantial portion of our
 revenue, is experiencing a shift in demand from 3.5-inch to
 2.5-inch form factor disk drives. As a result, the market for
 2.5-inch form factor drives is becoming increasingly dominated
 by large brand OEM customers. These OEM customers may be able to
 command increased leverage in negotiating prices and other terms
 of sale. If we are not successful in responding to these changes
 in the market for smaller form factor drives, our business may
 suffer.

 In addition, during past economic downturns, as well as over the
 past few years, the consumer market for computers has shifted
 significantly towards lower priced systems, and we therefore
 expect this trend to continue in light of current global
 economic conditions. If we are not able to continue to offer a
 competitively priced hard drive for the low-cost PC market, our
 share of that market will likely fall, which could harm our
 operating results.

 The market for hard drives is also fragmenting into a variety of
 devices and products. Many industry analysts expect, as do we,
 that as content increasingly converts to digital technology from
 the older analog technology, the technology of computers and
 consumer electronics will continue to converge, and hard drives
 may be found in many products other than computers, such as
 various CE devices. However, there has also been a recent rapid
 growth in CE devices that do not contain a hard drive (such as
 tablet computers and smartphones). If device-makers are
 successful in achieving customer acceptance of these devices as
 a replacement for traditional computing applications that
 contain hard drives, or if we are not successful in adapting our
 product offerings to include alternative storage solutions that
 address these devices, then demand for our products may
 decrease, which could adversely affect our operating results.

 Moreover, some devices such as personal video recorders and
 digital video recorders, or some new PC operating systems which
 allow greater consumer choice in levels of functionality and
 therefore greater market differentiation, may require attributes
 not currently offered in our products, resulting in a need to
 develop new interfaces, form factors, technical specifications
 or product features, increasing our overall operational expense
 without corresponding incremental revenue at this stage. If we
 are not successful in continuing to deploy our hard drive
 technology and expertise to develop new products for emerging
 markets such as the CE market, or if we are required to incur
 significant costs in developing such products, it may harm our
 operating results.

 Our
 prices and margins are subject to declines due to unpredictable
 end-user demand and oversupply of hard drives.

 Demand for our hard drives depends on the demand for systems
 manufactured by our customers and on storage upgrades to
 existing systems. The demand for systems has been volatile in
 the past and often has had an exaggerated effect

 18

Table of Contents

 on the demand for hard drives in any given period. As a result,
 the hard drive market has experienced periods of excess capacity
 which can lead to liquidation of excess inventories and intense
 price competition. If intense price competition occurs, we may
 be forced to lower prices sooner and more than expected, which
 could result in lower revenue and gross margins.

 Our
 failure to accurately forecast market and customer demand for
 our products could adversely affect our business and financial
 results or operating efficiencies.

 The data storage industry faces difficulties in accurately
 forecasting market and customer demand for its products.
 Accurately forecasting demand has become increasingly difficult
 for us, our customers and our suppliers in light of the
 volatility in global economic conditions. The variety and volume
 of products we manufacture is based in part on these forecasts.
 If our forecasts exceed actual market demand, or if market
 demand decreases significantly from our forecasts, then we could
 experience periods of product oversupply and price decreases,
 which could impact our financial performance. If our forecasts
 do not meet actual market demand, or if market demand increases
 significantly beyond our forecasts or beyond our ability to add
 manufacturing capacity, then we may not be able to satisfy
 customer product needs, which could result in a loss of market
 share if our competitors are able to meet customer demands.

 Although we receive forecasts from our customers, they are not
 generally obligated to purchase the forecasted amounts. Sales
 volumes in the distribution and retail channels are volatile and
 harder to predict than sales to our OEM or ODM customers. We
 consider these forecasts in determining our component needs and
 our inventory requirements. If we fail to accurately forecast
 our customers’ product demands, we may have inadequate or
 excess inventory of our products or components, which could
 adversely affect our operating results.

 In order to efficiently and timely meet the demands of many of
 our OEM customers, we position our products in multiple
 strategic locations based on the amounts forecasted by such
 customers. If an OEM customer’s actual product demands
 decrease significantly from its forecast, then we may incur
 additional costs in relocating the products that have not been
 purchased by the OEM. This could result in a delay in our
 product sales and an increase in our operating costs, which may
 negatively impact our operating results.

 Our entry
 into additional storage markets increases the complexity of our
 business, and if we are unable to successfully adapt our
 business processes as required by these new markets, we will be
 at a competitive disadvantage and our ability to grow will be
 adversely affected.

 As we expand our product line to sell into additional storage
 markets, the overall complexity of our business increases at an
 accelerated rate and we must make necessary adaptations to our
 business model to address these complexities. For example, as we
 have previously disclosed, we entered the traditional enterprise
 market in November 2009. In addition to requiring significant
 capital expenditures, our entry into the traditional enterprise
 market adds complexity to our business that requires us to
 effectively adapt our business and management processes to
 address the unique challenges and different requirements of the
 traditional enterprise market, while maintaining a competitive
 operating cost model. If we fail to gain market acceptance in
 the traditional enterprise storage market, we will remain at a
 competitive disadvantage to the companies that succeed in this
 market and our ability to continue our growth will be negatively
 affected.

 Our
 customers’ demand for storage capacity may not continue to
 grow at current industry estimates, which may lower the prices
 our customers are willing to pay for new products or put us at a
 disadvantage to competing technologies.

 Our customers’ demand for storage capacity may not continue
 to grow at current industry estimates as a result of
 developments in the regulation and enforcement of digital rights
 management, the emergence of processes such as cloud computing,
 data deduplication and storage virtualization, or otherwise.
 These factors could lead to our customers’ storage capacity
 needs being satisfied at lower prices with lower capacity hard
 drives or solid-state storage products that we do not offer,
 thereby decreasing our revenue or putting us at a disadvantage
 to competing storage technologies. As a result, even with
 increasing aggregate demand for storage capacity, our ASPs could
 decline, which could adversely affect our operating results.

 19

Table of Contents

 Expansion
 into new hard drive markets may cause our capital expenditures
 to increase, and if we do not successfully expand into new
 markets, our business may suffer.

 To remain a significant supplier of hard drives, we will need to
 offer a broad range of hard drive products to our customers. We
 currently offer a variety of 3.5-inch or 2.5-inch hard drives
 for the desktop, mobile, enterprise, CE and external storage
 markets. However, demand for hard drives may shift to products
 in form factors or with interfaces that our competitors offer
 but which we do not. Expansion into other hard drive markets and
 resulting increases in manufacturing capacity requirements may
 require us to make substantial additional investments in part
 because our operations are largely vertically integrated now
 that we manufacture heads and magnetic media for use in many of
 the hard drives we manufacture. If we fail to successfully
 expand into new hard drive markets with products that we do not
 currently offer, we may lose business to our competitors who
 offer these products.

 If we
 fail to successfully manage our new product development or new
 market expansion, or if we fail to anticipate the issues
 associated with such development or expansion, our business may
 suffer.

 While we continue to develop new products and look to expand
 into new markets, the success of our new product introductions
 depends on a number of factors, including our ability to
 anticipate and manage a variety of issues associated with these
 new products and new markets, such as:

 • 

 difficulties faced in manufacturing ramp;

 • 

 market acceptance;

 • 

 effective management of inventory levels in line with
 anticipated product demand; and

 • 

 quality problems or other defects in the early stages of new
 product introduction that were not anticipated in the design of
 those products.

 Further, we need to identify how any of the new markets into
 which we are expanding may have different characteristics from
 the markets in which we currently exist and properly address
 these differences. These characteristics may include:

 • 

 demand volume requirements;

 • 

 demand seasonality;

 • 

 product generation development rates;

 • 

 customer concentrations;

 • 

 warranty expectations and product return policies; and

 • 

 cost, performance and compatibility requirements.

 Our business may suffer if we fail to successfully anticipate
 and manage these issues associated with our product development
 and market expansion. For example, our branded products are
 designed to attach to and interoperate with a wide variety of PC
 and CE devices, and therefore their functionality relies on the
 manufacturer of such devices, or the associated operating
 systems, enabling the manufacturer’s devices to operate
 with our branded products. If our branded products are not
 compatible with a wide variety of devices, or if device
 manufacturers design their devices so that our branded products
 cannot operate with them, and we cannot quickly and efficiently
 adapt our branded products to address these compatibility
 issues, our business could suffer.

 Expanding
 into new markets exposes our business to different seasonal
 demand cycles, which in turn could adversely affect our
 operating results.

 The CE and retail markets have different seasonal pricing and
 volume demand cycles as compared to the PC market. By expanding
 into these markets, we became exposed to seasonal fluctuations
 that are different from, and in addition to, those of the PC
 market. For example, because the primary customer for our
 branded products are individual consumers, this market has
 historically experienced a dramatic increase in demand during
 the winter holiday season. If we do not

 20

Table of Contents

 properly adjust our supply to these new demand cycles, we risk
 having excess inventory during periods of low demand and
 insufficient inventory during periods of high demand, which
 could adversely affect our operating results.

 Selling
 to the retail market is an important part of our business, and
 if consumer spending decreases, or if we fail to maintain and
 grow our market share or gain market acceptance of our branded
 products, our operating results could suffer.

 Selling branded products is an important part of our business,
 and as our branded products revenue increases as a portion of
 our overall revenue, our success in the retail market becomes
 increasingly important to our operating results. If consumer
 spending decreases as a result of the recent uncertainty and
 volatility in global economic conditions, our operating results
 could suffer because of the increased importance of our branded
 products business.

 We sell our branded products directly to a select group of major
 retailers, such as computer superstores and CE stores, and
 authorize sales through distributors to other retailers and
 online resellers. Our current retail customer base is primarily
 in the U.S., Canada and Europe. We are facing increased
 competition from other companies for shelf space at a small
 number of major retailers that have strong buying power and
 pricing leverage. If we are unable to maintain effective working
 relationships with major retailers and online resellers, or if
 we fail to successfully expand into multiple channels, our
 competitive position in the branded product market may suffer
 and our operating results may be adversely affected.

 Our success in the retail market also depends on our ability to
 maintain our brand image and corporate reputation. Adverse
 publicity, whether or not justified, or allegations of product
 quality issues, even if false or unfounded, could tarnish our
 reputation and cause our customers to choose products offered by
 our competitors. In addition, the proliferation of new methods
 of mass communication facilitated by the Internet makes it
 easier for false or unfounded allegations to adversely affect
 our brand image and reputation. If customers no longer maintain
 a preference for
 WD®-
brand

 products, our operating results may be adversely affected.

 Additionally, we face strong competition in maintaining and
 trying to grow our market share in the retail market,
 particularly because of the relatively low barriers to entry in
 this market. For example, several additional hard drive
 manufacturers have recently disclosed plans to expand into the
 external storage market. As these companies attempt to gain
 market share, we may have difficulty in maintaining or growing
 our market share and there may be increased downward pressure on
 pricing. There can be no assurance that any new products we
 introduce into the retail market will gain market acceptance,
 and if they do not, our operating results could suffer.

 Loss of
 market share with or by a key customer, or consolidation among
 our customer base, could harm our operating results.

 During the year ended July 2, 2010, a large percentage of
 our revenue, 53%, came from sales to our top 10 customers. These
 customers have a variety of suppliers to choose from and
 therefore can make substantial demands on us, including demands
 on product pricing and on contractual terms, which often results
 in the allocation of risk to us as the supplier. Even if we
 successfully qualify a product with a customer, the customer is
 not generally obligated to purchase any minimum volume of
 products from us and may be able to cancel an order or terminate
 its relationship with us at any time. Our ability to maintain
 strong relationships with our principal customers is essential
 to our future performance. If we lose a key customer, if any of
 our key customers reduce their orders of our products or require
 us to reduce our prices before we are able to reduce costs, if a
 customer is acquired by one of our competitors or if a key
 customer suffers financial hardship, our operating results would
 likely be harmed.

 Additionally, if there is consolidation among our customer base,
 our customers may be able to command increased leverage in
 negotiating prices and other terms of sale, which could
 adversely affect our profitability. In addition, if, as a result
 of increased leverage, customer pressures require us to reduce
 our pricing such that our gross margins are diminished, we could
 decide not to sell our products to a particular customer, which
 could result in a decrease in our revenue. Consolidation among
 our customer base may also lead to reduced demand for our
 products, replacement of our products by the combined entity
 with those of our competitors and cancellations of orders, each
 of which could harm our operating results.

 21

Table of Contents

 Current
 or future competitors may gain a technology advantage or develop
 an advantageous cost structure that we cannot match.

 It may be possible for our current or future competitors to gain
 an advantage in product technology, manufacturing technology, or
 process technology, which may allow them to offer products or
 services that have a significant advantage over the products and
 services that we offer. Advantages could be in capacity,
 performance, reliability, serviceability, or other attributes.
 We may be at a competitive disadvantage to any companies that
 are able to gain these advantages.

 Further
 industry consolidation could provide competitive advantages to
 our competitors.

 The hard drive industry has experienced consolidation over the
 past several years. Consolidation by our competitors may enhance
 their capacity, abilities and resources and lower their cost
 structure, causing us to be at a competitive disadvantage.
 Additionally, continued industry consolidation may lead to
 uncertainty in areas such as component availability, which could
 negatively impact our cost structure.

 Sales in
 the distribution channel are important to our business, and if
 we fail to maintain brand preference with our distributors or if
 distribution markets for hard drives weaken, our operating
 results could suffer.

 Our distribution customers typically sell to small computer
 manufacturers, dealers, systems integrators and other resellers.
 We face significant competition in this channel as a result of
 limited product qualification programs and a significant focus
 on price and availability of product. If we fail to remain
 competitive in terms of our technology, quality, service and
 support, our distribution customers may favor our competitors,
 and our operating results could suffer. Additionally, if the
 distribution market weakens as a result of a slowing PC growth
 rate, technology transitions or a significant change in consumer
 buying preference, or if we experience significant price
 declines due to oversupply in the distribution channel, then our
 operating results would be adversely affected.

 The hard
 drive industry is highly competitive and can be characterized by
 significant shifts in market share among the major
 competitors.

 The price of hard drives has fallen over time due to increases
 in supply, cost reductions, technological advances and price
 reductions by competitors seeking to liquidate excess
 inventories or attempting to gain market share. In addition,
 rapid technological changes often reduce the volume and
 profitability of sales of existing products and increase the
 risk of inventory obsolescence. These factors, taken together,
 may result in significant shifts in market share among the
 industry’s major participants. In addition, product recalls
 can lead to a loss of market share, which could adversely affect
 our operating results.

 Some of
 our competitors with diversified business units outside the hard
 drive industry may over extended periods of time sell hard
 drives at prices that we cannot profitably match.

 Some of our competitors earn a significant portion of their
 revenue from business units outside the hard drive industry.
 Because they do not depend solely on sales of hard drives to
 achieve profitability, they may sell hard drives at lower prices
 and operate their hard drive business unit at a loss over an
 extended period of time while still remaining profitable
 overall. In addition, if these competitors can increase sales of
 non-hard drive products to the same customers, they may benefit
 from selling their hard drives at lower prices. Our operating
 results may be adversely affected if we cannot successfully
 compete with the pricing by these companies.

 If we
 fail to qualify our products with our customers or if product
 life cycles lengthen, it may have a significant adverse impact
 on our sales and margins.

 We regularly engage in new product qualification with our
 customers. Once a product is accepted for qualification testing,
 failures or delays in the qualification process can result in
 delayed or reduced product sales, reduced product margins caused
 by having to continue to offer a more costly current generation
 product, or lost sales to that customer until the next
 generation of products is introduced. The effect of missing a
 product qualification opportunity is magnified by the limited
 number of high volume OEMs, which continue to consolidate their
 share of the storage markets. Likewise, if product life cycles
 lengthen, we may have a significantly longer period to wait
 before we have an

 22

Table of Contents

 opportunity to qualify a new product with a customer, which
 could reduce our profits because we expect declining gross
 margins on our current generation products as a result of
 competitive pressures.

 We are
 subject to risks related to product defects, which could result
 in product recalls or epidemic failures and could subject us to
 warranty claims in excess of our warranty provisions or which
 are greater than anticipated.

 We warrant the majority of our products for periods of one to
 five years. We test our hard drives in our manufacturing
 facilities through a variety of means. However, there can be no
 assurance that our testing will reveal defects in our products,
 which may not become apparent until after the products have been
 sold into the market. Accordingly, there is a risk that product
 defects will occur, which could require a product recall.
 Product recalls can be expensive to implement and, if a product
 recall occurs during the product’s warranty period, we may
 be required to replace the defective product. Moreover, there is
 a risk that product defects may trigger an epidemic failure
 clause in a customer agreement. If an epidemic failure occurs,
 we may be required to replace or refund the value of the
 defective product and to cover certain other costs associated
 with the consequences of the epidemic failure. In addition, a
 product recall or epidemic failure may damage our reputation or
 customer relationships, and may cause us to lose market share
 with our customers, including our OEM and ODM customers.

 Our standard warranties contain limits on damages and exclusions
 of liability for consequential damages and for misuse, improper
 installation, alteration, accident or mishandling while in the
 possession of someone other than us. We record an accrual for
 estimated warranty costs at the time revenue is recognized. We
 may incur additional operating expenses if our warranty
 provision does not reflect the actual cost of resolving issues
 related to defects in our products, whether as a result of a
 product recall, epidemic failure or otherwise. If these
 additional expenses are significant, it could adversely affect
 our business, financial condition and operating results.

 A
 competitive cost structure is critical to our operating results,
 and increased costs may adversely affect our operating
 margin.

 A competitive cost structure for our products, including
 critical components, labor and overhead, is critical to the
 success of our business, and our operating results depend on our
 ability to maintain competitive cost structures on new and
 established products. If our competitors are able to achieve a
 lower cost structure that we are unable to match, we could be at
 a competitive disadvantage to those competitors.

 Shortages
 of commodity materials or commodity components, price
 volatility, or use by other industries of materials and
 components used in the hard drive industry, may negatively
 impact our operating results.

 Increases in the cost for certain commodity materials or
 commodity components may increase our costs of manufacturing and
 transporting hard drives and key components. Shortages of
 commodity components such as DRAM and NAND flash, or commodity
 materials such as glass substrates, stainless steel, aluminum,
 nickel, neodymium, ruthenium or platinum, may increase our costs
 and may result in lower operating margins if we are unable to
 find ways to mitigate these increased costs. Furthermore, if
 other high volume industries increase their demand for materials
 or components such as these, our costs may further increase,
 which could have an adverse effect on our operating margins. In
 addition, shortages in other commodity components and materials
 used in our customers’ products could result in a decrease
 in demand for our products, which would negatively impact our
 operating results. The volatility in the cost of oil also
 affects our transportation costs and may result in lower
 operating margins if we are unable to pass these increased costs
 through to our customers.

 If we
 fail to maintain effective relationships with our major
 component suppliers, our supply of critical components may be at
 risk and our profitability could suffer.

 While we make most of our own heads and magnetic media for some
 of our product families, we do, according to our sourcing
 strategy, purchase some percentage of our required heads and
 magnetic media from our external supply base. In addition, we
 purchase a majority of our other components, including all
 mechanical and electronic components, from our external supply
 base. For certain components, we use multiple suppliers that
 deploy different technology or processes, and we must
 successfully integrate components from these suppliers in our
 products. Accordingly, we must maintain effective relationships
 with our supply base to source our component needs, develop
 compatible technology, and maintain continuity of supply at
 reasonable costs. If we fail to maintain effective relationships
 with our supply base, or if we fail to

 23

Table of Contents

 integrate components from our suppliers effectively, this may
 adversely affect our ability to develop and deliver the best
 products to our customers and our profitability could suffer.
 For example, in August 2003, we settled litigation with a
 supplier who previously was the sole source of read channel
 devices for our hard drives. As a result of the disputes that
 gave rise to the litigation, our profitability was at risk until
 another supplier’s read channel devices could be designed
 into our products. Similar disputes with other strategic
 component suppliers could adversely affect our operating results.

 Violation
 of applicable laws, including labor or environmental laws, and
 certain other practices by our suppliers could harm our
 business.

 We expect our suppliers,
 sub-suppliers
 and

sub-contractors
 (collectively referred to as “suppliers”) to operate
 in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including
 labor and environmental laws, and to otherwise meet our required
 supplier standards of conduct. While our internal operating
 guidelines promote ethical business practices, we do not control
 our suppliers or their labor or environmental practices. The
 violation of labor, environmental or other laws by any of our
 suppliers, or divergence of a supplier’s business practices
 from those generally accepted as ethical in the U.S., could harm
 our business by:

 • 

 interrupting or otherwise disrupting the shipment of our product
 components;

 • 

 damaging our reputation;

 • 

 forcing us to find alternate component sources;

 • 

 reducing demand for our products (for example, through a
 consumer boycott); or

 • 

 exposing us to potential liability for our supplier’s
 wrongdoings.

 Dependence
 on a limited number of qualified suppliers of components and
 manufacturing equipment could lead to delays, lost revenue or
 increased costs.

 Our future operating results may depend substantially on our
 suppliers’ ability to timely qualify their components in
 our programs, and their ability to supply us with these
 components in sufficient volumes to meet our production
 requirements. A number of the components that we use are
 available from only a single or limited number of qualified
 suppliers, and may be used across multiple product lines. In
 addition, some of the components (or component types) used in
 our products are used in other devices, such as mobile
 telephones and digital cameras. If there is a significant
 simultaneous upswing in demand for such a component (or
 component type) from several high volume industries resulting in
 a supply reduction, if a component is otherwise in short supply,
 or if a supplier fails to qualify or has a quality issue with a
 component, we may experience delays or increased costs in
 obtaining that component. If we are unable to obtain sufficient
 quantities of materials used in the manufacture of magnetic
 components, or other necessary components, we may experience
 production delays which could cause us loss of revenue. If a
 component becomes unavailable, we could suffer significant loss
 of revenue.

 In addition, certain equipment and consumables we use in our
 manufacturing or testing processes are available only from a
 limited number of suppliers. Some of this equipment and
 consumables use materials that at times could be in short
 supply. If these materials are not available, or are not
 available in the quantities we require for our manufacturing and
 testing processes, our ability to manufacture our products could
 be impacted, and we could suffer significant loss of revenue.

 Each of the following could also significantly harm our
 operating results:

 • 

 an unwillingness of a supplier to supply such components or
 equipment to us;

 • 

 consolidation of key suppliers;

 • 

 failure of a key supplier’s business process;

 • 

 a key supplier’s or
 sub-supplier’s
 inability to access credit necessary to operate its
 business; or

 • 

 failure of a key supplier to remain in business, to remain an
 independent merchant supplier, or to adjust to market conditions.

 24

Table of Contents

 Contractual
 commitments with component suppliers may result in us paying
 increased charges and cash advances for such components or may
 cause us to have inadequate or excess component
 inventory.

 To reduce the risk of component shortages, we attempt to provide
 significant lead times when buying components, which may subject
 us to cancellation charges if we cancel orders as a result of
 technology transitions or changes in our component needs. In
 addition, we may from time to time enter into contractual
 commitments with component suppliers in an effort to increase
 and stabilize the supply of those components and enable us to
 purchase such components at favorable prices. Some of these
 commitments may require us to buy a substantial number of
 components from the supplier or make significant cash advances
 to the supplier; however, these commitments may not result in a
 satisfactory increase or stabilization of the supply of such
 components. Furthermore, as a result of the current global
 economic conditions, our ability to forecast our requirements
 for these components has become increasingly difficult,
 therefore increasing the risk that our contractual commitments
 may not meet our actual supply requirements, which could cause
 us to have inadequate or excess component inventory and
 adversely affect our operating results and increase our
 operating costs.

 Failure
 by certain suppliers to effectively and efficiently develop and
 manufacture components, technology or production equipment for
 our products may adversely affect our operations.

 We rely on suppliers for various component parts that we
 integrate into our hard drives but do not manufacture ourselves,
 such as semiconductors, motors, flex circuits and suspensions.
 Likewise, we rely on suppliers for certain technology and
 equipment necessary for advanced development technology for
 future products. Some of these components, and most of this
 technology and production equipment, must be specifically
 designed to be compatible for use in our products or for
 developing and manufacturing our future products, and are only
 available from a limited number of suppliers, some of with whom
 we are sole sourced. We are therefore dependent on these
 suppliers to be able and willing to dedicate adequate
 engineering resources to develop components that can be
 successfully integrated with our products, and technology and
 production equipment that can be used to develop and manufacture
 our next-generation products efficiently. The failure of these
 suppliers to effectively and efficiently develop and manufacture
 components that can be integrated into our products or
 technology and production equipment that can be used to develop
 or manufacture next generation products may cause us to
 experience inability or delay in our manufacturing and shipment
 of hard drive products, our expansion into new technology and
 markets, or our ability to remain competitive with alternative
 storage technologies, therefore adversely affecting our business
 and financial results.

 There are
 certain additional capital expenditure costs and asset
 utilization risks to our business associated with our strategy
 to vertically integrate our operations.

 Our vertical integration of head and magnetic media
 manufacturing resulted in a fundamental change in our operating
 structure, as we now manufacture heads and magnetic media for
 use in many of the hard drives we manufacture. Consequently, we
 make more capital investments and carry a higher percentage of
 fixed costs than we would if we were not vertically integrated.
 If the overall level of production decreases for any reason, and
 we are unable to reduce our fixed costs to match sales, our head
 or magnetic media manufacturing assets may face
 under-utilization that may impact our operating results. We are
 therefore subject to additional risks related to overall asset
 utilization, including the need to operate at high levels of
 utilization to drive competitive costs and the need for assured
 supply of components that we do not manufacture ourselves.

 In addition, we may incur additional risks, including:

 • 

 failure to continue to leverage the integration of our magnetic
 media technology with our head technology;

 • 

 insufficient third party sources to satisfy our needs if we are
 unable to manufacture a sufficient supply of heads or magnetic
 media;

 • 

 third party head or magnetic media suppliers may not continue to
 do business with us or may not do business with us on the same
 terms and conditions we have previously enjoyed;

 • 

 claims that our manufacturing of heads or magnetic media may
 infringe certain intellectual property rights of other
 companies; and

 25

Table of Contents

 • 

 difficulties locating in a timely manner suitable manufacturing
 equipment for our head or magnetic media manufacturing processes
 and replacement parts for such equipment.

 If we do not adequately address the challenges related to our
 head or magnetic media manufacturing operations, our ongoing
 operations could be disrupted, resulting in a decrease in our
 revenue or profit margins and negatively impacting our operating
 results.

 If we are
 unable to timely and cost-effectively develop heads and magnetic
 media with leading technology and overall quality, our ability
 to sell our products may be significantly diminished, which
 could materially and adversely affect our business and financial
 results.

 Under our business plan, we are developing and manufacturing a
 substantial portion of the heads and magnetic media used in the
 hard drive products we manufacture. Consequently, we are more
 dependent upon our own development and execution efforts and
 less able to take advantage of head and magnetic media
 technologies developed by other manufacturers. Technology
 transition for head and magnetic media designs is critical to
 increasing our volume production of heads and magnetic media.
 There can be no assurance, however, that we will be successful
 in timely and cost-effectively developing and manufacturing
 heads or magnetic media for products using future technologies.
 We also may not effectively transition our head or magnetic
 media design and technology to achieve acceptable manufacturing
 yields using the technologies necessary to satisfy our
 customers’ product needs, or we may encounter quality
 problems with the heads or magnetic media we manufacture. In
 addition, we may not have access to external sources of supply
 without incurring substantial costs which would negatively
 impact our business and financial results.

 Changes
 in product life cycles could adversely affect our financial
 results.

 If product life cycles lengthen, we may need to develop new
 technologies or programs to reduce our costs on any particular
 product to maintain competitive pricing for that product. If
 product life cycles shorten, it may result in an increase in our
 overall expenses and a decrease in our gross margins, both of
 which could adversely affect our operating results. In addition,
 shortening of product life cycles also makes it more difficult
 to recover the cost of product development before the product
 becomes obsolete. Our failure to recover the cost of product
 development in the future could adversely affect our operating
 results.

 If we
 fail to make the technical innovations necessary to continue to
 increase areal density, we may fail to remain
 competitive.

 New products in the hard drive market typically require higher
 areal densities than previous product generations, posing
 formidable technical and manufacturing challenges. Higher areal
 densities require existing head and magnetic media technology to
 be improved or new technologies developed to accommodate more
 data on a single disk. In addition, our introduction of new
 products during a technology transition increases the likelihood
 of unexpected quality concerns. Our failure to bring high
 quality new products to market on time and at acceptable costs
 may put us at a competitive disadvantage to companies that
 achieve these results.

 We make
 significant investments in research and development, and
 unsuccessful investments could materially adversely affect our
 business, financial condition and results of
 operations.

 Over the past several years, our business strategy has been to
 derive a competitive advantage by moving from being a follower
 of new technologies to being a leader in the innovation and
 development of new technologies. This strategy requires us to
 make significant investments in research and development. There
 can be no assurance that these investments will result in viable
 technologies or products, or if these investments do result in
 viable technologies or products, that they will be profitable or
 accepted by the market. Significant investments in unsuccessful
 research and development efforts could materially adversely
 affect our business, financial condition and results of
 operations.

 A
 fundamental change in recording technology could result in
 significant increases in our operating expenses and could put us
 at a competitive disadvantage.

 Historically, when the industry experiences a fundamental change
 in technology, any manufacturer that fails to successfully and
 timely adjust its designs and processes to accommodate the new
 technology fails to remain competitive. There are some
 technologies, such as current-perpendicular-to-plane giant
 magnetoresistance, shingle magnetic

 26

Table of Contents

 recording, energy assisted magnetic recording, patterned
 magnetic media, advanced signal processing, advanced format
 technology and other similar potentially breakthrough
 technologies, that will represent revolutionary recording
 technologies if they can be implemented by a competitor on a
 commercially viable basis ahead of the industry, which could put
 us at a competitive disadvantage. As a result of these
 technology shifts, we could incur substantial costs in
 developing new technologies, such as heads, magnetic media, and
 tools to remain competitive. If we fail to successfully
 implement these new technologies, or if we are significantly
 slower than our competitors at implementing new technologies, we
 may not be able to offer products with capacities that our
 customers desire. For example, new recording technology requires
 changes in the manufacturing process of heads and magnetic
 media, which may cause longer production times and reduce the
 overall availability of magnetic media in the industry.
 Additionally, the new technology requires a greater degree of
 integration between heads and magnetic media which may lengthen
 our time of development of hard drives using this technology.

 Furthermore, as we attempt to develop and implement new
 technologies, we may become more dependent on suppliers to
 ensure our access to components, technology and production
 equipment that accommodate the new technology. For example,
 advanced wafer and magnetic media manufacturing technologies
 have historically been developed for use in the semiconductor
 industry prior to the hard drive industry. However, successful
 implementation of the use of patterned magnetic media with hard
 drive magnetic media currently presents a significant technical
 challenge facing the hard drive industry but not the
 semiconductor industry. Therefore, our suppliers may not be
 willing to dedicate adequate engineering resources to develop
 manufacturing equipment for patterned magnetic media prior to a
 need for the equipment in the semiconductor industry. We believe
 that if new technologies, such as energy assisted magnetic
 recording, are not successfully implemented in the hard drive
 industry, then alternative storage technologies like solid-state
 storage may more rapidly overtake hard drives as the preferred
 storage solution for higher capacity storage needs. This result
 would put us at a competitive disadvantage and negatively impact
 our operating results.

 The
 difficulty of introducing hard drives with higher levels of
 areal density and the challenges of reducing other costs may
 impact our ability to achieve historical levels of cost
 reduction.

 Storage capacity of the hard drive, as manufactured by us, is
 determined by the number of disks and each disk’s areal
 density. Areal density is a measure of the amount of magnetic
 bits that can be stored on the recording surface of the disk.
 Generally, the higher the areal density, the more information
 can be stored on a single platter. Historically, we have been
 able to achieve a large percentage of cost reduction through
 increases in areal density. Increases in areal density mean that
 the average drive we sell has fewer heads and disks for the same
 capacity and, therefore, may result in a lower component cost.
 However, because increasing areal density has become more
 difficult in the hard drive industry, such increases may require
 increases in component costs, and other opportunities to reduce
 costs may not continue at historical rates. Additionally,
 increases in areal density may require us to make further
 capital expenditures on items such as new testing equipment
 needed as a result of an increased number of GB per platter. Our
 inability to achieve cost reductions could adversely affect our
 operating results.

 If we do
 not properly manage the technology transitions of our products,
 our competitiveness and operating results may be negatively
 affected.

 The storage markets in which we offer our products continuously
 undergo technology transitions which we must anticipate and
 adapt our products to address in a timely manner. For example,
 serial interfaces normally go through cycles in which their
 maximum speeds double. We must effectively manage the transition
 of the features of our products to address these faster
 interface speeds in a timely manner in order to remain
 competitive and cost effective. If we fail to successfully and
 timely manage the transition to faster interface speeds, we may
 be at a competitive disadvantage to other companies that have
 successfully adapted their products in a timely manner and our
 operating results may suffer.

 If we
 fail to develop and introduce new hard drives that are
 competitive against alternative storage technologies, our
 business may suffer.

 Our success depends in part on our ability to develop and
 introduce new products in a timely manner in order to keep pace
 with competing technologies. Alternative storage technologies
 like solid-state storage and flash memory technology have
 successfully served digital entertainment markets for products
 such as digital cameras, MP3 players, USB flash drives and
 mobile phones that require a relatively low amount of storage
 capacity that cannot be economically

 27

Table of Contents

 serviced using hard drive technology. Typically, storage needs
 for higher capacity and performance, with lower
 cost-per-gigabyte,
 have been better served by hard drives. However, advances in
 semiconductor technology have resulted in solid-state storage
 emerging as a technology that is competitive with hard drives
 for niche high performance needs in advanced digital computing
 markets such as enterprise servers and storage, in spite of the
 associated challenges in the attributes of cost, capacity and
 reliability. Solid-state storage, which incorporates
 semiconductor media, is produced by large semiconductor
 companies who can then sell their storage products at lower
 prices while still remaining profitable overall. This can help
 them improve their market share at the expense of the
 competition. In addition, these semiconductor companies may
 choose to supply companies like us with semiconductor media at
 prices that make it difficult, if not impossible, for us to
 compete with them on a profitable basis. As a result, there can
 be no assurance that we will be successful in anticipating and
 developing new products for the desktop, mobile, enterprise, CE
 and external storage markets in response to solid-state storage,
 as well as other competing technologies. If our hard drive
 technology fails to offer higher capacity, performance and
 reliability with lower

cost-per-gigabyte
 than solid-state storage for the desktop, mobile, enterprise, CE
 and external storage markets, we will be at a competitive
 disadvantage to companies using semiconductor technology to
 serve these markets and our business will suffer.

 Spending
 to improve our technology and develop new technology to remain
 competitive may negatively impact our financial
 results.

 In attempting to remain competitive, we may need to increase our
 capital expenditures and expenses above our historical run-rate
 model in order to attempt to improve our existing technology and
 develop new technology. Increased investments in technology
 could cause our cost structure to fall out of alignment with
 demand for our products which would have a negative impact on
 our financial results.

 Our
 manufacturing operations are concentrated in a small number of
 large, purpose-built facilities, which subjects us to
 substantial risk of damage or loss if operations at any of these
 facilities are disrupted.

 As a result of our cost structure and strategy of vertical
 integration, we conduct our manufacturing operations at large,
 high volume, purpose-built facilities. For example,
 approximately 80% of our requirement for heads is satisfied by
 wafers fabricated in our Fremont, California facility. Also, we
 manufacture the majority of our substrates for magnetic media in
 our Johor, Malaysia facility, and we finish a majority of our
 magnetic media in our facilities in Penang, Malaysia and Tuas,
 Singapore. A majority of our high volume hard drive
 manufacturing operations are conducted in two facilities in
 Thailand, with the balance conducted in our Kuala Lumpur,
 Malaysia facility. The manufacturing facilities of many of our
 suppliers are also in Asia near our facilities. A fire, flood,
 earthquake, tsunami or other disaster, condition or event such
 as political instability, civil unrest or a power outage that
 adversely affects any of these facilities would significantly
 affect our ability to manufacture hard drives, which would
 result in a substantial loss of sales and revenue and a
 substantial harm to our operating results. Similarly, a
 localized health risk affecting our employees at these
 facilities or the staff of our suppliers, such as the spread of
 the Influenza A (H1N1) or a new pandemic influenza, could impair
 the total volume of hard drives that we are able to manufacture,
 which would result in substantial harm to our operating results.

 Our
 operating results will be adversely affected if we fail to
 optimize the overall quality,
 time-to-market
 and

time-to-volume
 of new and established products.

 To achieve consistent success with our customers, we must
 balance several key attributes such as
 time-to-market,

time-to-volume,
 quality, cost, service, price and a broad product portfolio. Our
 operating results will be adversely affected if we fail to:

 • 

 maintain overall quality of products in new and established
 programs;

 • 

 produce sufficient quantities of products at the capacities our
 customers demand while managing the integration of new and
 established technologies;

 • 

 develop and qualify new products that have changes in overall
 specifications or features that our customers may require for
 their business needs;

 • 

 obtain commitments from our customers to qualify new products,
 redesigns of current products, or new components in our existing
 products;

 28

Table of Contents

 • 

 obtain customer qualification of these products on a timely
 basis by meeting all of our customers’ needs for
 performance, quality and features;

 • 

 maintain an adequate supply of components required to
 manufacture our products; or

 • 

 maintain the manufacturing capability to quickly change our
 product mix between different capacities, form factors and spin
 speeds in response to changes in customers’ product demands.

 Manufacturing
 outside the U.S. and marketing our products globally subjects us
 to numerous risks.

 We are subject to risks associated with our global manufacturing
 operations and global marketing efforts, including:

 • 

 obtaining requisite U.S. and foreign governmental permits
 and approvals;

 • 

 currency exchange rate fluctuations or restrictions;

 • 

 political instability and civil unrest;

 • 

 limited transportation availability, delays, and extended time
 required for shipping, which risks may be compounded in periods
 of price declines;

 • 

 higher freight rates;

 • 

 labor problems;

 • 

 trade restrictions or higher tariffs;

 • 

 copyright levies or similar fees or taxes imposed in European
 and other countries;

 • 

 exchange, currency and tax controls and reallocations;

 • 

 increasing labor and overhead costs; and

 • 

 loss or non-renewal of favorable tax treatment under agreements
 or treaties with foreign tax authorities.

 Terrorist
 attacks may adversely affect our business and operating
 results.

 The continued threat of terrorist activity and other acts of war
 or hostility have created uncertainty in the financial and
 insurance markets and have significantly increased the
 political, economic and social instability in some of the
 geographic areas in which we operate. Additionally, it is
 uncertain what impact the reactions to such acts by various
 governmental agencies and security regulators worldwide will
 have on shipping costs. Acts of terrorism, either domestically
 or abroad, could create further uncertainties and instability.
 To the extent this results in disruption or delays of our
 manufacturing capabilities or shipments of our products, our
 business, operating results and financial condition could be
 adversely affected.

 Sudden
 disruptions to the availability of freight lanes could have an
 impact on our operations.

 We generally ship our products to our customers, and receive
 shipments from our suppliers, via air or ocean freight. The
 sudden unavailability or disruption of cargo operations or
 freight lanes, such as due to labor difficulties or disputes,
 severe weather patterns or other natural disasters, or political
 instability or civil unrest, could impact our operating results
 by impairing our ability to timely and efficiently deliver our
 products.

 We are
 vulnerable to system failures or attacks, which could harm our
 business.

 We are heavily dependent on our technology infrastructure, among
 other functions, to operate our factories, sell our products,
 fulfill orders, manage inventory and bill, collect and make
 payments. Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption
 from natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures,
 computer viruses, computer
 denial-of-service
 attacks and other events. Our business is also subject to
 break-ins, sabotage and intentional acts of vandalism by third
 parties as well as employees. Despite any precautions we may
 take, such problems could result in, among other consequences,
 interruptions in our business, which could harm our reputation
 and financial condition.

 29

Table of Contents

 If we
 fail to identify, manage, complete and integrate acquisitions,
 investment opportunities or other significant transactions, it
 may adversely affect our future results.

 As part of our growth strategy, we may pursue acquisitions of,
 investment opportunities in or other significant transactions
 with companies that are complementary to our business. In order
 to pursue this strategy successfully, we must identify
 attractive acquisition or investment opportunities, successfully
 complete the transaction, some of which may be large and
 complex, and manage post-closing issues such as integration of
 the acquired company or employees. We may not be able to
 identify or complete appealing acquisition or investment
 opportunities given the intense competition for these
 transactions. Even if we identify and complete suitable
 corporate transactions, we may not be able to successfully
 address any integration challenges in a timely manner, or at
 all. If we fail to successfully integrate an acquisition, we may
 not realize all or any of the anticipated benefits of the
 acquisition, and our future results of operations could be
 adversely affected.

 If we are
 unable to retain or hire key staff and skilled employees our
 business results may suffer.

 Our success depends upon the continued contributions of our key
 staff and skilled employees, many of whom would be extremely
 difficult to replace. Global competition for skilled employees
 in the data storage industry is intense and, as we attempt to
 move to a position of technology leadership in the storage
 industry, our business success becomes increasingly dependent on
 our ability to retain our key staff and skilled employees as
 well as attract, integrate and retain new skilled employees.
 Volatility or lack of positive performance in our stock price
 and the overall markets may adversely affect our ability to
 retain key staff or skilled employees who have received equity
 compensation. Additionally, because a substantial portion of our
 key employees’ compensation is placed “at risk”
 and linked to the performance of our business, when our
 operating results are negatively impacted by global economic
 conditions, we are at a competitive disadvantage for retaining
 and hiring key staff and skilled employees versus other
 companies that pay a relatively higher fixed salary. If we are
 unable to retain our existing key staff or skilled employees, or
 hire and integrate new key staff or skilled employees, or if we
 fail to implement succession plans for our key staff, our
 operating results would likely be harmed.

 The
 nature of our business and our reliance on intellectual property
 and other proprietary information subjects us to the risk of
 significant litigation.

 The data storage industry has been characterized by significant
 litigation. This includes litigation relating to patent and
 other intellectual property rights, product liability claims and
 other types of litigation. Litigation can be expensive, lengthy
 and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the
 results of litigation are inherently uncertain and may result in
 adverse rulings or decisions. We may enter into settlements or
 be subject to judgments that may, individually or in the
 aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition or operating results.

 We evaluate notices of alleged patent infringement and notices
 of patents from patent holders that we receive from time to
 time. If claims or actions are asserted against us, we may be
 required to obtain a license or cross-license, modify our
 existing technology or design a new non-infringing technology.
 Such licenses or design modifications can be extremely costly.
 In addition, we may decide to settle a claim or action against
 us, which settlement could be costly. We may also be liable for
 any past infringement. If there is an adverse ruling against us
 in an infringement lawsuit, an injunction could be issued
 barring production or sale of any infringing product. It could
 also result in a damage award equal to a reasonable royalty or
 lost profits or, if there is a finding of willful infringement,
 treble damages. Any of these results would increase our costs
 and harm our operating results.

 Our
 reliance on intellectual property and other proprietary
 information subjects us to the risk that these key ingredients
 of our business could be copied by competitors.

 Our success depends, in significant part, on the proprietary
 nature of our technology, including non-patentable intellectual
 property such as our process technology. If a competitor is able
 to reproduce or otherwise capitalize on our technology despite
 the safeguards we have in place, it may be difficult, expensive
 or impossible for us to obtain necessary legal protection. Also,
 the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our
 intellectual property to the same extent as do U.S. laws.
 In addition to patent protection of intellectual property
 rights, we consider elements of our product designs and
 processes to be proprietary and confidential. We rely upon
 employee, consultant and vendor non-disclosure agreements and
 contractual provisions and a system of internal safeguards to
 protect our proprietary information.

 30

Table of Contents

 However, any of our registered or unregistered intellectual
 property rights may be challenged or exploited by others in the
 industry, which might harm our operating results.

 The costs
 of compliance with state, federal and international legal and
 regulatory requirements, such as environmental, labor, trade and
 tax regulations, and customers’ standards of corporate
 citizenship could cause an increase in our operating
 costs.

 We may be or become subject to various state, federal and
 international laws and regulations governing our environmental,
 labor, trade and tax practices. These laws and regulations,
 particularly those applicable to our international operations,
 are or may be complex, extensive and subject to change. We will
 need to ensure that we and our component suppliers timely comply
 with such laws and regulations, which may result in an increase
 in our operating costs. For example, the European Union
 (“EU”) has enacted the Restriction of the Use of
 Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic
 Equipment (“RoHS”) directive, which prohibits the use
 of certain substances in electronic equipment, and the Waste
 Electrical and Electronic Equipment (“WEEE”)
 directive, which obligates parties that place electrical and
 electronic equipment onto the market in the EU to put a clearly
 identifiable mark on the equipment, register with and report to
 EU member countries regarding distribution of the equipment, and
 provide a mechanism to take back and properly dispose of the
 equipment. Similar legislation may be enacted in other locations
 where we manufacture or sell our products. In addition, climate
 change legislation in the U.S. is a significant topic of
 discussion and may generate federal or other regulatory
 responses in the near future. If we or our component suppliers
 fail to timely comply with applicable legislation, our customers
 may refuse to purchase our products or we may face increased
 operating costs as a result of taxes, fines or penalties, which
 would have a materially adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition and operating results.

 In connection with our compliance with such environmental laws
 and regulations, as well as our compliance with industry
 environmental initiatives, the standards of business conduct
 required by some of our customers, and our commitment to sound
 corporate citizenship in all aspects of our business, we could
 incur substantial compliance and operating costs and be subject
 to disruptions to our operations and logistics. In addition, if
 we were found to be in violation of these laws or noncompliant
 with these initiatives or standards of conduct, we could be
 subject to governmental fines, liability to our customers and
 damage to our reputation and corporate brand which could cause
 our financial condition or operating results to suffer.

 Fluctuations
 in currency exchange rates as a result of our international
 operations may negatively affect our operating
 results.

 Because we manufacture and sell our products abroad, our
 revenue, margins, operating costs and cash flows are impacted by
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. If the
 U.S. dollar exhibits sustained weakness against most
 foreign currencies, the U.S. dollar equivalents of unhedged
 manufacturing costs could increase because a significant portion
 of our production costs are foreign-currency denominated.
 Conversely, there would not be an offsetting impact to revenues
 since revenues are substantially U.S. dollar denominated.
 Additionally, we negotiate and procure some of our component
 requirements in U.S. dollars from Japanese and other
 non-U.S. based
 vendors. If the U.S. dollar continues to weaken against
 other foreign currencies, some of our component suppliers may
 increase the price they charge for their components in order to
 maintain an equivalent profit margin. If this occurs, it would
 have a negative impact on our operating results.

 Prices for our products are substantially U.S. dollar
 denominated, even when sold to customers that are located
 outside the U.S. Therefore, as a substantial portion of our
 sales are from countries outside the U.S., fluctuations in
 currency exchanges rates, most notably the strengthening of the
 U.S. dollar against other foreign currencies, contribute to
 variations in sales of products in impacted jurisdictions and
 could adversely impact demand and revenue growth. In addition,
 currency variations can adversely affect margins on sales of our
 products in countries outside the U.S.

 We have attempted to manage the impact of foreign currency
 exchange rate changes by, among other things, entering into
 short-term, foreign exchange contracts. However, these contracts
 do not cover our full exposure and can be canceled by the
 counterparty if currency controls are put in place. Currently,
 we hedge the Thai Baht, Malaysian Ringgit, Euro and British
 Pound Sterling with foreign exchange contracts.

 31

Table of Contents

 Increases
 in our customers’ credit risk could result in credit losses
 and an increase in our operating costs.

 Some of our OEM customers have adopted a subcontractor model
 that requires us to contract directly with companies, such as
 ODMs, that provide manufacturing services to our OEM customers.
 Because these subcontractors are generally not as well
 capitalized as our direct OEM customers, this subcontractor
 model exposes us to increased credit risks. Our agreements with
 our OEM customers may not permit us to increase our product
 prices to alleviate this increased credit risk. Additionally, as
 we attempt to expand our OEM and distribution channel sales into
 emerging economies such as Brazil, Russia, India and China, the
 customers with the most success in these regions may have
 relatively short operating histories, making it more difficult
 for us to accurately assess the associated credit risks. Any
 credit losses we may suffer as a result of these increased
 risks, or as a result of credit losses from any significant
 customer, would increase our operating costs, which may
 negatively impact our operating results.

 Inaccurate
 projections of demand for our product can cause large
 fluctuations in our quarterly results.

 We often ship a high percentage of our total quarterly sales in
 the third month of the quarter, which makes it difficult for us
 to forecast our financial results before the end of the quarter.
 In addition, our quarterly projections and results may be
 subject to significant fluctuations as a result of a number of
 other factors including:

 • 

 the timing of orders from and shipment of products to major
 customers;

 • 

 our product mix;

 • 

 changes in the prices of our products;

 • 

 manufacturing delays or interruptions;

 • 

 acceptance by customers of competing products in lieu of our
 products;

 • 

 variations in the cost of and lead times for components for our
 products;

 • 

 limited availability of components that we obtain from a single
 or a limited number of suppliers;

 • 

 competition and consolidation in the data storage industry;

 • 

 seasonal and other fluctuations in demand for PCs often due to
 technological advances; and

 • 

 availability and rates of transportation.

 Rapidly
 changing conditions in the hard drive industry make it difficult
 to predict actual results.

 We have made and continue to make a number of estimates and
 assumptions relating to our consolidated financial reporting.
 The highly technical nature of our products and the rapidly
 changing market conditions with which we deal means that actual
 results may differ significantly from our estimates and
 assumptions. These changes have impacted our financial results
 in the past and may continue to do so in the future. Key
 estimates and assumptions for us include:

 • 

 price protection adjustments and other sales promotions and
 allowances on products sold to retailers, resellers and
 distributors;

 • 

 inventory adjustments for write-down of inventories to lower of
 cost or market value (net realizable value);

 • 

 reserves for doubtful accounts;

 • 

 accruals for product returns;

 • 

 accruals for warranty costs related to product defects;

 • 

 accruals for litigation and other contingencies;

 • 

 liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits; and

 • 

 expensing of stock-based compensation.

 32

Table of Contents

 The
 market price of our common stock is volatile.

 The market price of our common stock has been, and may continue
 to be, extremely volatile. Factors such as the following may
 significantly affect the market price of our common stock:

 • 

 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results;

 • 

 announcements of technological innovations by us or our
 competitors which may decrease the volume and profitability of
 sales of our existing products and increase the risk of
 inventory obsolescence;

 • 

 new products introduced by us or our competitors;

 • 

 periods of severe pricing pressures due to oversupply or price
 erosion resulting from competitive pressures or industry
 consolidation;

 • 

 developments with respect to patents or proprietary rights;

 • 

 conditions and trends in the hard drive, computer, data and
 content management, storage and communication industries;

 • 

 contraction in our operating results or growth rates that are
 lower than our previous high growth-rate periods;

 • 

 changes in financial estimates by securities analysts relating
 specifically to us or the hard drive industry in
 general; and

 • 

 macroeconomic conditions that affect the market generally.

 In addition, general economic conditions may cause the stock
 market to experience extreme price and volume fluctuations from
 time to time that particularly affect the stock prices of many
 high technology companies. These fluctuations often appear to be
 unrelated to the operating performance of the companies.

 Securities class action lawsuits are often brought against
 companies after periods of volatility in the market price of
 their securities. A number of such suits have been filed against
 us in the past, and should any new lawsuits be filed, such
 matters could result in substantial costs and a diversion of
 resources and management’s attention.

 Current
 economic conditions have caused us difficulty in adequately
 protecting our increased cash and cash equivalents from
 financial institution failures.

 The uncertain global economic conditions and volatile investment
 markets have caused us to hold more cash and cash equivalents
 than we would hold under normal circumstances. Since there has
 been an overall increase in demand for low-risk,
 U.S. government backed securities with a limited supply in
 the financial marketplace, we face increased difficulty in
 adequately protecting our increased cash and cash equivalents
 from possible sudden and unforeseeable failures by banks and
 other financial institutions. A failure of any of these
 financial institutions in which deposits exceed FDIC limits
 could have an adverse impact on our financial position.

 If our
 internal controls are found to be ineffective, our financial
 results or our stock price may be adversely affected.

 Our most recent evaluation resulted in our conclusion that as of
 July 2, 2010, in compliance with Section 404 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, our internal control over financial
 reporting was effective. We believe that we currently have
 adequate internal control procedures in place for future
 periods; however, if our internal control over financial
 reporting is found to be ineffective or if we identify a
 material weakness or significant deficiency in our financial
 reporting, investors may lose confidence in the reliability of
 our financial statements, which may adversely affect our
 financial results or our stock price.

 From time
 to time we may become subject to income tax audits or similar
 proceedings, and as a result we may incur additional costs and
 expenses or owe additional taxes, interest and penalties that
 may negatively impact our operating results.

 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and certain
 foreign jurisdictions, and our determination of our tax
 liability is subject to review by applicable domestic and
 foreign tax authorities. For example, as we have previously
 disclosed, we are under examination of certain of our fiscal
 years by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the
 “IRS”).

 33

Table of Contents

 Although we believe our tax positions are reasonable, the
 outcomes and timing of these audits are subject to significant
 uncertainty and could result in our having to pay amounts to the
 applicable tax authority in order to resolve examination of our
 tax positions, which could result in an increase or decrease of
 our current estimate of unrecognized tax benefits and may
 negatively impact our financial position, results of operations,
 net income or cash flows.