, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Patents, Licenses and Proprietary Information 

We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyright and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and licensing arrangements to protect our IP rights.

We have approximately 13,000 active patents worldwide and have many patent applications in process. We continually seek additional United States (“U.S.”) and international patents on our technology. We believe that, although our active patents and patent applications have considerable value, the successful manufacturing and marketing of our products also depends upon the technical and managerial competence of our staff. Accordingly, the patents held and applied for cannot alone ensure our future success.

In addition to patent protection of certain IP rights, we consider elements of our product designs and processes to be proprietary and confidential. We believe that our non-patented IP, particularly some of our process technology, is an important factor in our success. We rely upon non-disclosure agreements, contractual provisions and a system of internal safeguards to protect our proprietary information. Despite these safeguards, there is a risk that competitors may obtain and use such information. The laws of foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct business may provide less protection for confidential information than the laws of the U.S.

We rely on certain technology that we license from other parties to manufacture and sell our products. We believe that we have adequate cross-licenses and other agreements in place in addition to our own IP portfolio to compete successfully in the storage industry. For a discussion of associated risks, see Part I, Item 1A, 
Risk Factors
, of this Annual Report on Form 10‑K.

Manufacturing and Suppliers 

We believe that we have significant know-how, unique product manufacturing processes, test and tooling, execution skills, human resources and training to continue to be successful and to adjust our manufacturing operations as necessary. We strive to maintain manufacturing flexibility, high manufacturing yields, reliable products and high-quality components. The critical elements of our production of both HDD and Flash are high volume and utilization, low-cost assembly and testing, strict adherence to quality metrics and maintaining close relationships with our strategic component suppliers to access best-in-class technology and manufacturing capacity. We continually monitor our manufacturing capabilities to respond to the changing requirements of our customers and maintain our competitiveness and position as a data technology leader.

HDD and Flash manufacturing are each complex processes involving the production and assembly of precision components with narrow tolerances and rigorous testing. The manufacturing processes involve a number of steps that are dependent on each other and occur in “clean room” environments that demand skill in process engineering and efficient space utilization to control the operating costs of these manufacturing environments. We continually evaluate our manufacturing processes in an effort to increase productivity, sustain and improve quality and decrease manufacturing costs. We continually evaluate which steps in the manufacturing process would benefit from automation and how automated manufacturing processes can improve productivity and reduce manufacturing costs. We also leverage contract manufacturers when strategically advantageous. For more information on our agreement to sell a majority interest in one of our manufacturing facilities, see Part II, Item 7, 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 – 
Key Developments
.

HDD consists primarily of recording heads, magnetic media, controllers and firmware and a printed circuit board assembly. We design and manufacture substantially all of the recording heads and magnetic media required for our products. As a result, we are more dependent upon our own development and execution efforts for these components and less reliant on recording head and magnetic media technologies developed by other manufacturers. We depend on an external supply base for all remaining components and materials for use in our HDD design, manufacturing and testing. We believe the use of our in-house manufacturing, assembly and test facilities provides the controls necessary to provide the demanding capabilities, performance and reliability our customers require.

7

Table of Contents

Our vertically integrated, in-house assembly and test operations for our HDD products are concentrated in Prachinburi and Bang Pa-In, Thailand; Penang, Johor Bahru, and Kuching, Malaysia; Laguna, Philippines; Shenzhen, China; and San Jose and Fremont, CA, USA.

Substantially all of our flash memory supply utilized for our flash-based products is purchased from our joint ventures with Kioxia. From time to time, we also purchase flash memory from other flash manufacturers. Controllers are primarily designed in-house and manufactured by third-party foundries or acquired from third-party suppliers. We believe the use of our assembly and test facilities, as well as contract manufacturers, provides flexibility and gives us access to increased production capacity. We have developed deep relationships with these vendors and Kioxia to establish a continuous supply of flash-based memory and controllers.

We generally retain multiple suppliers for our component requirements, but for business or technology reasons, we source some of our components from a limited number of sole or single source providers. For a discussion of such risks, see Part I, Item 1A, 
Risk Factors
, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Ventures with Kioxia

Our flash-based products consist of flash-based memory, controllers and firmware and other components. Substantially all of our flash-based memory is obtained from our joint ventures with Kioxia, which provide us with leading-edge, high-quality and low-cost flash memory wafers.

We and Kioxia currently operate three business ventures, Flash Partners Ltd., Flash Alliance Ltd. and Flash Forward Ltd., (collectively “Flash Ventures”) across seven flash-based manufacturing facilities in Japan, six of which are located in Yokkaichi, Japan and one of which is located in Kitakami, Japan. Flash Ventures will begin flash-based manufacturing operations at an eighth facility in Japan in calendar year 2025. Through Flash Ventures, we and Kioxia collaborate in the development and manufacture of flash-based memory wafers using semiconductor manufacturing equipment owned or leased by each of the Flash Ventures entities. We co-develop flash technologies (including process technology and memory design) with Kioxia for Flash Ventures’ use. We hold a 49.9% ownership position in each of the Flash Ventures entities. We jointly control with Kioxia the operations of Flash Ventures, and we believe our participation in Flash Ventures helps us reduce product costs, increases our ability to control the quality of our products and speeds delivery of our products to our customers.

Kioxia owns the facilities and provides wafer manufacturing services to Flash Ventures at cost using manufacturing equipment owned or leased by Flash Ventures and process technologies co-owned or contributed by us and Kioxia. We and Kioxia are entitled to purchase a share of Flash Ventures’ output, which generally equals 50% each. The price for which we and Kioxia pay Flash Ventures for flash memory wafers is cost plus a small markup. We are obligated to pay for variable costs incurred in producing our share of Flash Ventures’ flash-based memory wafer supply, based on a rolling forecast. In addition, we are obligated to pay for half of Flash Ventures’ fixed costs regardless of the output we choose to purchase.

The agreements governing the operations of the Flash Ventures entities also set out a framework for any investment by the joint venture partners in flash manufacturing capacity. We have jointly invested, and intend to continue to jointly invest, with Kioxia in the manufacturing equipment needed to support Flash Ventures’ flash manufacturing operations. In addition, we are obligated to fund 49.9% to 50.0% of each Flash Ventures entity’s capital investments to the extent that the Flash Ventures entity’s operating cash flow is insufficient to fund these investments.

For a discussion of risks associated with our business ventures with Kioxia, see Part I, Item 1A, 
Risk Factors
, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Sales and Distribution 

We sell our products to computer manufacturers and OEMs, cloud service providers, resellers, distributors and retailers throughout the world. We maintain sales offices in selected parts of the world including the major geographies of the Americas, Asia Pacific, Europe and the Middle East. Our international sales, which include sales to foreign subsidiaries of U.S. companies but do not include sales to U.S. subsidiaries of foreign companies, represented 
72%,
 69% and 71% of our net revenue for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Sales to international customers are subject to certain risks not normally encountered in domestic operations, including exposure to tariffs and various trade regulations. For a discussion of such risks, see Part I, Item 1A, 
Risk Factors
, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

8

Table of Contents

We perform our marketing and advertising functions both internally and through outside firms utilizing both consumer media and trade publications targeting various reseller and end-user markets. We also maintain customer relationships through direct communication and by providing information and support through our website. In accordance with standard storage industry practice, we provide distributors and retailers with limited price protection and programs under which we reimburse certain marketing expenditures. We also provide distributors, resellers and OEMs with other sales incentive programs. 

For each of 2024, 2023 and 2022, 
no single customer
 accounted for 10% or more of our net revenue.

Seasonality

We have historically experienced seasonal fluctuations in our business with higher levels of demand in the first and second quarters as a result of increased customer spending. Seasonality is also impacted by cyclicality in the industry and macroeconomic conditions. For a discussion of associated risks, see Part I, Item 1A, 
Risk Factors
, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Service and Warranty

We generally warrant our newly manufactured products against defects in materials and workmanship from one to five years from the date of sale depending on the type of product, with a small number of products having a warranty ranging up to ten years or more. Our warranty obligation is generally limited to repair or replacement. We have engaged third parties in various countries in multiple regions to provide various levels of testing, processing or recertification of returned products for our customers. For additional information regarding our service and warranty policy, see Part II, Item 8, Note 1, 
Organization and Basis of Presentation,
 and Note 4, 
Supplemental Financial Statement Data, 
of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Our People 

Our people strategy supports our purpose of being the world’s iconic data storage company through thoughtful offerings and inclusive practices that aim to attract, develop and engage talent. At the end of 2024, we employed approximately 51,000 people worldwide. Our diverse team spans 36 countries with approximately 85% of our employees in Asia Pacific, 13% in the Americas and 2% in Europe, the Middle East and Africa.

Inclusion

To attract and retain the best talent, we strive to cultivate an inclusive environment where every individual can thrive through a sense of belonging, respect and contribution.

Our Employee Resource Groups (“ERGs”) are designed to promote an inclusive culture that embraces the uniqueness of our employees. We have eight ERGs with multiple global chapters that focus on women, LGBTQ+, racial and ethnic minorities, military veterans and people with disabilities. In support of creating an inclusive environment, we also launched unconscious bias education to all professional and technical employees in 2024.

We have multiple initiatives that focus on attracting talent and fostering our diverse representation across our global workforce, including diversity in personal characteristics, experience, skills, gender, race, ethnicity and membership in underrepresented communities. We continue to foster early talent through our intern and new college graduate recruitment programs, and in 2024, we converted nearly half of our global intern population to employees. In 2024, we launched our first-ever U.S. Department of Labor approved apprenticeship program, serving as a career pathway for veterans and other underserved populations. Furthermore, to minimize bias from the hiring process, we adopted data-driven tools as well as provided in-person and on-demand unconscious bias trainings to our recruiters and hiring managers.

As of June 28, 2024, women represented 26% of our management positions and 24% of our technical staff. Additionally, members of Asian, Black/African American, Hispanic/Latino and other racially or ethnically diverse communities, represented 60% of our U.S. management positions. For additional details about our workforce, we encourage you to review our Sustainability Report, published annually and posted on our corporate website. Nothing on our website shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

9

Table of Contents

Talent Development and Engagement

We believe in supporting our people through learning and development opportunities and our pay for performance philosophy. To help our employees reach their full potential, we aim to cultivate an environment that encourages learning, development and career growth. Our performance framework includes developing goals collaboratively through transparent and actionable feedback in regular check-ins and performance designations. Our new on-demand learning management system, launched in 2024, offers learning activities and tools to help employees chart their career journey and track their progress. To give employees the skills they need to lead, we offer learning through virtual fireside chats with external speakers and through our flagship program Leader Essentials, which received the bronze medal from the Brandon Hall Group HCM Excellence Awards for Leadership Development in 2024. We also provide upskilling and reskilling opportunities to our factory employees through on-the-job training, technical classes, workshops and partnerships with universities and colleges.

We believe ongoing engagement is key to retention, and we prioritize that in many ways. We believe that listening is crucial to identifying opportunities to strengthen employee engagement and influence our overall strategy. Our latest survey completed in 2024 had a participation rate of nearly 90%. The survey results indicated that for our professional/technical employees, the company excels in areas of manager satisfaction, prioritization of work and sense of purpose. Our factory employees indicated that sense of purpose, company prospects and feeling of belonging were the top areas of strengths. We also engage employees by taking action to promote and ground them in our core values and beliefs, and to support our commitment to conducting business in an ethical way. In 2024, we were named one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere Institute for the sixth consecutive year. Our employees also regularly participate in philanthropy to support the communities in which they work and live. In 2024, more than half of our employees gave their time to participate in company-sponsored volunteer events. 

Compensation and Benefits

We believe that recognition is crucial for retaining and motivating our employees, and we are committed to rewarding performance with competitive compensation consisting of base salary and short-term and long-term incentives. We also offer a global recognition program to celebrate the contributions of employees who bring to life our core values – to think big, create possibility, make it happen and do it together.

We invest in the physical, mental and financial well-being of our people through a dynamic and differentiated Total Rewards program that aligns to our culture and values. We provide competitive benefits (which vary by country/region), including health coverage, life and disability insurance, retirement plans, paid time off, employee assistance program and employee stock purchase plan. In 2024, we continued our multi-year journey to modernize our benefits portfolio to offer more choices to meet the unique needs of our diverse employees.

We benchmark our compensation and benefits programs annually using market data from reputable third-party consultants. We also conduct internal focus groups and employee surveys to inform programs and identify opportunities. To ensure that our pay practices are fair and equitable, we conduct an annual pay equity assessment to promote equal pay for equal work regardless of gender. This review analyzes current pay considering various non-discriminatory factors, such as seniority, experience, skills, performance, location, track and hiring and promotion dates. We use the results to make pay adjustments as needed. In 2024, our assessment covered 100% of our global employee population, and we furthered our pay equity efforts by engaging in a living wage analysis.

Health and Safety

We are committed to creating a safe work environment everywhere we operate. We provide extensive health and safety resources and training to all of our employees, especially those who work in our manufacturing and operations. We use an integrated management system to manage health and safety standards at our manufacturing facilities.

Government Regulation 

Our worldwide business activities are subject to various laws, rules and regulations of the United States as well as of foreign governments. Compliance with existing or future governmental regulations, including, but not limited to, those pertaining to global trade, the environment, consumer and data protection, employee health and safety and taxes, could have a material impact on our capital expenditures, earnings, competitive position and overall business in subsequent periods. See Part I, Item 1A, 
Risk Factors
 for a discussion of these potential impacts.

10

Table of Contents

Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability 

We believe responsible and sustainable business practices support our long-term success. As a company, we are deeply committed to protecting and supporting our people, our environment and our communities. That commitment is reflected through sustainability-focused initiatives as well as day-to-day activities, including our adoption of sustainability-focused policies and procedures, our publicly-recognized focus on fostering an inclusive workplace, our constant drive toward more efficient use of materials and energy, our careful and active management of our supply chain, our community-focused volunteerism programs and philanthropic initiatives and our impactful, globally-integrated ethics and compliance program.

•
We seek to protect the human rights and civil liberties of our employees through policies, procedures and programs that avoid risks of compulsory and child labor, both within our company and throughout our supply chain.

•
We foster a workplace of dignity, respect, diversity and inclusion through our recruiting and advancement practices, internal communications and employee resource groups.

•
We educate our employees annually on relevant ethics and compliance topics, publish accessible guidance on ethical issues and related company resources in our Global Code of Conduct and encourage reporting of ethical concerns through any of several global and local reporting channels.

•
We support local communities throughout the world, focusing on hunger relief, environmental quality and STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) education, especially for underrepresented and underprivileged youth.

•
We utilize a robust integrated management system, with associated policies and procedures, to evaluate and manage occupational health and safety risks, environmental compliance and chemical and hazardous substance risks.

•
We work to minimize our impacts on the environment through emissions reduction targets and other initiatives and to evaluate and enhance our climate resiliency.

•
We innovate to reduce the energy used by our products, the energy used to manufacture them and the amount of new materials required to manufacture them.

Available Information 

We maintain an Internet website at 
www.westerndigital.com
. The information on our website is not incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available on our website at 
www.westerndigital.com
, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after the electronic filing of these reports with, or furnishing of these reports to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The SEC maintains a website at 
www.sec.gov
 that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us.

11

Table of Contents



Our business can be affected by a number of risks and uncertainties, any of which could cause material harm to our actual operating results and financial condition. The risks discussed below are not the only ones facing our business but represent risks that we believe are material to us. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also negatively affect our business.

OPERATIONAL RISKS

 Adverse global or regional conditions could harm our business.

A large portion of our revenue is derived from our international operations, and many of our products and components are produced overseas. As a result, our business depends significantly on global and regional conditions. Adverse changes in global or regional economic and social conditions, including, but not limited to, volatility in the financial markets, reduced access to credit, recession, inflation, rising interest rates, slower growth in certain geographic regions, political uncertainty, geopolitical tensions or conflicts, terrorism, other macroeconomic factors and new or changed regulations, could significantly harm demand for our products, increase credit and collectability risks, result in revenue reductions, reduce profitability as a result of underutilization of our assets, cause us to change our business practices, increase manufacturing and operating costs or result in impairment charges or other expenses.

Our revenue growth is significantly dependent on the growth of international markets, and we may face challenges in international sales markets. We are also subject to risks that could harm our business associated with our global manufacturing operations, global sales efforts and our utilization of contract manufacturers, including: the need to obtain governmental approvals and compliance with evolving foreign regulations; the need to comply with regulations on international business, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010, the anti-bribery laws of other countries and rules regarding conflict minerals; exchange, currency and tax controls and reallocations; weaker protection of IP rights; policies and financial incentives by governments in China, the United States, and countries in Europe and Asia designed to reduce dependence on foreign semiconductor manufacturing capabilities; trade restrictions, such as export controls, export bans, import restrictions, embargoes, sanctions, license and certification requirements (including semiconductor, encryption and other technology), tariffs and complex customs regulations; and difficulties in managing international operations, including appropriate internal controls.

 We are dependent on a limited number of qualified suppliers who provide critical services, materials or components, and a disruption in our supply chain could negatively affect our business.

We depend on an external supply base for technologies, software (including firmware), preamps, controllers, dynamic random-access memory, components, equipment and materials for use in our product design and manufacturing. We also depend on suppliers for a portion of our wafer testing, chip assembly, product assembly and product testing, and on service suppliers for providing technical support for our products. In addition, we use logistics partners to manage our worldwide just-in-time hubs and distribution centers and to meet our freight needs. Many of the components and much of the equipment we acquire must be specifically designed for use in our products or for developing and manufacturing our products, and are only available from a limited number of suppliers, some of whom are our sole-source suppliers. We therefore depend on these suppliers to meet our business needs including dedicating adequate engineering resources to develop components that can be successfully integrated into our products. 

Our suppliers have in the past been, and may in the future be, unable or unwilling to meet our requirements, including as a result of events outside of their control such as trade restrictions (including tariffs, quotas and embargoes), geopolitical conflicts, terrorism, public health crises or natural disasters. If we are unable to purchase sufficient quantities from our current suppliers or qualify and engage additional suppliers, or if we cannot purchase materials at a reasonable price, we may not be able to meet demand for our products. Trade restrictions, including tariffs, quotas and embargoes, demand from other high-volume industries for materials or components used in our products, disruptions in supplier relationships or shortages in other components and materials used in our customers’ products could result in increased costs to us or decreased demand for our products, which could negatively impact our business. Delays, shortages or cost increases experienced by our suppliers in developing or sourcing materials and components for use in our products or incompatibility or quality issues relating to our products, could also harm our business. 

We do not have long-term contracts with some of our existing suppliers, nor do we always have guaranteed manufacturing capacity with our suppliers, so we cannot guarantee that they will devote sufficient resources or capacity to manufacturing our 

12

Table of Contents

products. Any significant problems that occur at our suppliers could lead to product shortages or quality assurance problems. When we do have contractual commitments with suppliers in an effort to stabilize the supply of our components, those commitments may require us to buy a substantial number of components or make significant cash advances to the supplier and may not result in a satisfactory supply of our components. We have cancelled or deferred, and may continue to cancel or defer, outstanding purchase commitments with certain suppliers due to changes in actual and forecasted demand, which has resulted, and may continue to result in fees, penalties and other associated charges. Such cancellations or deferments can also negatively impact our relationships with certain suppliers or lead to a decline in the financial performance of certain suppliers, each of which could result in even more limited availability of components needed for our products.

In addition, our supply base has experienced industry consolidation. Our suppliers may be acquired by our competitors, decide to exit the industry or redirect their investments and increase costs to us. In addition, some of our suppliers have experienced a decline in financial performance, including as a result of cancelled or deferred purchase commitments. Where we rely on a limited number of suppliers or a single supplier, the risk of supplier loss due to industry consolidation or a decline in financial performance is increased. Some of our suppliers may also be competitors in other areas of our business, which could lead to difficulties in price negotiations or meeting our supply requirements. 

 Our operations, and those of certain of our suppliers and customers, are subject to substantial risk of damage or disruption.

We conduct our operations at large, high-volume, purpose-built facilities in California and throughout Asia. The facilities of many of our customers, our suppliers and our customers’ suppliers are also concentrated in certain geographic locations throughout Asia and elsewhere. If a fire (including a climate change-related fire), flood, earthquake, tsunami or other natural disaster, condition or event such as a power outage, contamination event, terrorist attack, cybersecurity incident, physical security breach, political instability, civil unrest, localized labor unrest or other employment issues or a health epidemic negatively affects any of these facilities, it would significantly affect our ability to manufacture or sell our products and source components and would harm our business. Possible impacts include work and equipment stoppages and damage to or closure of our facilities, or those of our suppliers or customers, for an indefinite period of time. Climate change has in the past and is expected to continue to increase the incidence and severity of certain natural disasters, including wildfires and adverse weather events. In addition, the geographic concentration of our manufacturing sites could exacerbate the negative impacts resulting from any of these problems. 

We may incur losses beyond the limits of, or outside the scope of, the coverage of our insurance policies. There can be no assurance that in the future we will be able to maintain existing insurance coverage or that premiums will not increase substantially. Due to market availability, pricing or other reasons, we may elect not to purchase insurance coverage or to purchase only limited coverage. We maintain limited insurance coverage and, in some cases, no coverage at all, for natural disasters and damage to our facilities, as these types of insurance are sometimes not available or available only at a prohibitive cost. Climate change may reduce the availability or increase the cost of certain types of insurance by contributing to an increase in the incidence and severity of certain natural disasters. We depend upon Kioxia to obtain and maintain sufficient property, business interruption and other insurance for Flash Ventures. If Kioxia fails to do so, we could suffer significant unreimbursable losses, and such failure could also cause Flash Ventures to breach various financing covenants.

 Public health crises have had, and could in the future have, a negative effect on our business. 

Public health crises have in the past negatively impacted, and may in the future negatively impact, our workforce and operations, as well as those of our strategic partners, customers, suppliers and logistics providers. The impacts we experienced in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic included temporary closures of certain manufacturing facilities; under-absorbed overhead; increased logistics, component and other costs; decreased demand for our products; and manufacturing challenges. Future outbreaks of infectious disease or other public health crises may have similar impacts. 

The effects of public health crises are uncertain and difficult to predict, but may also include disruptions to our supply chain, our operations or those of our strategic partners, customers or suppliers; deterioration of worldwide credit markets, which may limit our ability or increase our cost to obtain external financing and result in a higher rate of losses on our accounts receivable; volatility in financial markets, which may be extreme and could harm our ability to access the financial markets on acceptable terms or at all; increased data security and technology risks related to increased remote work; and reduced productivity or other disruptions of our operations. The degree to which any future public health crises ultimately impact our business will depend on many factors beyond our control, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. 

13

Table of Contents

The loss of our key management, staff and skilled employees; the inability to hire and develop new employees; or decisions to realign our business could negatively impact our business prospects.

Our success depends upon the continued contributions of our talent. Changes in our key management team may result in loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge, departure of other key employees, disruptions to our operations and inefficiency during transitional periods. Global competition for skilled employees in the technology industry is intense, and our business success is increasingly dependent on our ability to attract, develop and retain top talent, implement succession plans for key management and staff and replace aging skilled employees. Changes in immigration policies may also impair our ability to recruit and hire technical and professional talent. Additionally, uncertainty about business realignment actions or the structure and organization of our business as a result of our ongoing separation of our HDD and Flash business units into two independent public companies could negatively impact our ability to recruit and retain key staff and skilled employees. We have and may continue to put retention arrangements in place for key employees to address the uncertainty about our business separation. When these retention payments are earned, we may suffer further attrition.

Our ability to hire and retain employees also depends on our ability to build and maintain a diverse and inclusive workplace culture and to fund competitive compensation and benefits, each of which contribute to being viewed as an employer of choice. Additionally, because a substantial portion of our key employees’ compensation is linked to the performance of our business, we may be at a competitive disadvantage for hiring and retaining talent when our operating results are negatively impacted. If we are unable to hire and retain key talent, our operating results would likely be harmed.

 The compromise, damage or interruption of our technology infrastructure, information systems or products by cybersecurity incidents, data security breaches, other security problems, design defects, information system failures or other events could have a material negative impact on our business.

We experience cybersecurity incidents of varying degrees on our technology infrastructure and information systems and, as a result, unauthorized parties have obtained in the past, and may obtain in the future, access to our computer systems and networks, including cloud-based platforms. These incidents have in the past caused, and may in the future cause, disruption to parts of our business operations and result in various investigation, recovery and remediation expenses. In addition, the technology infrastructure and information systems of some of our suppliers, vendors, service providers, cloud solution providers and partners have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, such incidents. Cybersecurity incidents can be caused by ransomware, computer denial-of-service attacks, worms and other malicious software programs or other attacks, including the covert introduction of malware to computers and networks, and the use of techniques or processes that change frequently, may be disguised or difficult to detect, or are designed to remain dormant until a triggering event, and may continue undetected for an extended period of time. Cybersecurity incidents have in the past resulted from, and may in the future result from, social engineering or impersonation of authorized users, and may also result from efforts to discover and exploit any design flaws, bugs, security vulnerabilities or security weaknesses, intentional or unintentional acts by employees or other insiders with access privileges, intentional acts of vandalism or fraud by third parties and sabotage. In some instances, efforts to correct vulnerabilities or prevent incidents have in the past, and may in the future, reduce the functionality or performance of our information systems and networks, which could negatively impact our business. We believe malicious cybersecurity acts are increasing in number and that cybersecurity threat actors are increasingly organized and well-financed or supported by state actors, and are developing increasingly sophisticated systems and means to not only infiltrate information systems, but also to evade detection or to obscure their activities. Geopolitical tensions or conflicts may create heightened risk of cybersecurity incidents.

Our products are also targets for malicious cybersecurity acts, including those products utilized in cloud-based environments as well as our cloud service offerings. Our cloud services have in the past and may in the future be taken offline as a result of or in order to prevent or mitigate cybersecurity incidents. While some of our products contain encryption or security algorithms to protect third-party content or user-generated data stored on our products, these products could still be hacked or the encryption schemes could be compromised, breached or circumvented by motivated and sophisticated attackers, which could harm our business by exposing us to litigation and indemnification claims and hurting our reputation.

When efforts to breach our infrastructure, information systems or products are successful or we are unable to protect against such attacks, we have in the past suffered, and could in the future suffer, interruptions, delays or cessation of operations of our information systems, and loss or misuse of proprietary or confidential information, IP, or sensitive or personal information. We may also experience disruptions or outages of our information systems due to internal or third-party mistakes or technical errors, including due to software updates, which could disrupt our business operations. Compromises of our infrastructure, information systems or products could also cause our customers and other affected third parties to suffer loss or misuse of proprietary or confidential information, IP, or sensitive or personal information, and could harm our relationships 

14

Table of Contents

with customers and other third parties and subject us to liability. As a result of actual or perceived cybersecurity incidents or other information system disruptions, we have in the past experienced and may in the future experience additional costs, notification requirements, civil and administrative fines and penalties, indemnification claims, litigation or damage to our brand and reputation. All of these consequences could harm our reputation and our business and materially and negatively impact our operating results and financial condition.

 We are subject to risks related to product defects, which could result in product recalls or epidemic failures and could subject us to warranty, litigation or indemnification claims that exceed our expectations or estimates.

We warrant the majority of our products for periods of one to five years. We test our products in our manufacturing facilities through a variety of means. However, our testing may fail to reveal defects in our products that may not become apparent until after the products have been sold into the market. In addition, our products may be used in a manner that is not intended or anticipated by us, resulting in potential liability. Accordingly, there is a risk that product defects will occur, including as a result of third-party components or applications that we incorporate in our products, which could require a product recall. Product recalls can be expensive to implement. As part of a product recall, we may be required or choose to replace the defective product. Moreover, there is a risk that product defects may trigger an epidemic failure clause in a customer agreement. If an epidemic failure occurs, we may be required to replace or refund the value of the defective product and to cover certain other costs associated with the consequences of the epidemic failure. In addition, product defects, product recalls or epidemic failures may cause damage to our reputation or customer relationships, lost revenue, indemnification for a recall of our customers’ products, warranty claims, litigation or loss of market share with our customers, including our OEM and original design manufacturer (“ODM”) customers. Our business liability insurance may be inadequate or future coverage may be unavailable on acceptable terms, which could negatively impact our operating results and financial condition.

Our standard warranties contain limits on damages and exclusions of liability for consequential damages and for misuse, improper installation, alteration, accident or mishandling while in the possession of someone other than us. We record an accrual for estimated warranty costs at the time revenue is recognized. We may incur additional expenses if our warranty provisions do not reflect the actual cost of resolving issues related to defects in our products, whether as a result of a product recall, epidemic failure or otherwise. If these additional expenses are significant, they could harm our business.

BUSINESS AND STRATEGIC RISKS

The proposed separation of our HDD and Flash business units into two independent public companies is subject to various risks and uncertainties and may not be completed in accordance with the expected plans or anticipated timeline, or at all.

On October 30, 2023, we announced that our Board of Directors had completed its review of potential strategic alternatives and had unanimously approved pursuing a plan to separate the Flash business unit from our remaining HDD business (the “Separation”). The Separation is intended to be structured in a tax-free manner and we continue to drive towards completing the work required to separate the businesses by the end of calendar year 2024. No assurance can be given as to whether the Separation will occur, when any such transaction will be approved or when any separation may be completed. Furthermore, while we are working toward the Separation, the specific assets, liabilities and entities to be separated are still being finalized and may change. We may determine to abandon any efforts with respect to the Separation at any time for any reason.

The form or other terms of the Separation may change over time, including with respect to the scope of the businesses to be separated or retained by us. The final determination to separate is subject to Board approval, the execution of definitive documentation, receipt of opinions or rulings as to the tax-free nature of the Separation and satisfaction of customary conditions, including the effectiveness of appropriate filings with the SEC, the completion of audited financial statements and the availability of financing. Additionally, no assurance can be given that the intended tax treatment will be achieved or that shareholders will not incur substantial tax liabilities in connection with the Separation. The failure to satisfy any of these conditions could delay the completion of the Separation for a significant period of time or prevent it from occurring at all. 

Various factors, including changes in the competitive conditions of our markets, changes in financial markets and economic conditions, failure to obtain any third party consents that may be required for the Separation, delays in obtaining tax opinions or rulings, material or unanticipated tax liability for our shareholders, us, and/or the Flash business unit, and other challenges in executing the separation of the two businesses, could delay or prevent the completion of the Separation or cause it to occur on terms or conditions that are different or less favorable than expected. 

15

Table of Contents

Further, our Board of Directors could decide, either because of a failure of conditions or because of market or other factors, to abandon the Separation.

Our review of the Separation has and will continue to involve significant time, expense and resources and could disrupt or adversely affect our business. 

Executing the Separation has required and will continue to require significant time and attention from our senior management and employees and may divert their attention from operating and growing our business in ways that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our employees may also be distracted due to uncertainty about their future roles with the separated companies, and customers or suppliers could delay or defer decisions or may end their relationships with us.

In addition, we have incurred and will continue to incur expenses in connection with our strategic review and the consideration of the Separation and expect that the process of reviewing the Separation and executing the Separation, if any, will be time-consuming and involve significant additional costs and expenses, which may not yield a benefit if the Separation is not completed. If pursued, we will also incur ongoing costs and dis-synergies in connection with, or as a result of, the Separation and related restructuring transactions, including costs of operating as independent, publicly traded companies that the two businesses will no longer be able to share.

Any of the above factors could cause the Separation (or the failure to execute the Separation) to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and the trading price of our common stock and/or other securities.

The Separation may not achieve the anticipated benefits and could expose us to new risks, including with respect to our existing indebtedness and future capital structure.

We may not realize any strategic, financial, operational or other benefits from the Separation. We cannot predict with certainty if or when anticipated benefits will occur or the extent to which they will be achieved. If the Separation is completed, our operational and financial profile (including our capital structure) will change and we will face new risks. If the Separation is completed, we will be a smaller and less-diversified company and may be more vulnerable to changing market conditions. While we believe that the Separation will position each company to better unlock its full standalone long-term potential, we cannot assure you that following the Separation we will be successful. Further, there can be no assurance that the combined value of the shares of the two resulting companies will be equal to or greater than what the value of our common stock would have been had the Separation not occurred.

In addition, following the completion of the Separation or any other disposition of our Flash business unit, we will not be able to rely on the earnings, assets or cash flow of the Flash business unit, and that business will not provide funds to finance our working capital or other cash requirements. As a result, our ability to service our debt may be adversely affected.

We cannot predict the prices at which our common stock may trade after the Separation or the effect of the Separation on the trading prices of our common stock.

The Separation will be subject to numerous conditions, including the availability of financing. We have not obtained any financing with respect to the Separation transaction, including any new financing for the remaining business and the terms of any such arrangements may be more burdensome or costly than the terms of our current indebtedness or we may not be able to obtain credit on attractive terms and price. Furthermore, the Separation may leave us with higher leverage and may also cause us to violate provisions of contracts or breach covenants in our existing indebtedness if such contracts or indebtedness are not replaced, repaid or refinanced or waivers are not obtained prior to the Separation. For example, our credit facilities contain specific restrictions on any disposal of our Flash business unit. In addition, we cannot assure you that a holder of our outstanding senior notes will not argue that the Separation constitutes a change of control and try to require us to repurchase its notes as a result of the Separation.

We rely substantially on strategic relationships with various partners, including Kioxia, which subjects us to risks and uncertainties that could harm our business.

We have entered into and expect to continue to enter into strategic relationships with various partners for product development, manufacturing, sales growth and the supply of technologies, components, equipment and materials for use in our product design and manufacturing, including our business ventures with Kioxia. We depend on Flash Ventures for the 

16

Table of Contents

development and manufacture of flash-based memory. Our strategic relationships, including Flash Ventures, are subject to various risks that could harm the value of our investments, our revenue and costs, our future rate of spending, our technology plans and our future growth opportunities. For example, while Flash Ventures is operating, certain of our agreements with Kioxia preclude us from manufacturing flash-based memory ourselves except to the extent that we acquire any manufacturing capacity of a Flash Ventures entity as a result of that entity’s dissolution, termination or acquisition by us. This could also impair our ability to consolidate with other industry participants who manufacture flash-based memory.

Substantially all of our flash-based memory is obtained from Flash Ventures, which limits our ability to respond to market demand and supply changes and makes our financial results particularly susceptible to variations from our forecasts and expectations. For example, we are contractually obligated to pay for 50% of the fixed costs of Flash Ventures regardless of whether we order any flash-based memory, and our orders placed with Flash Ventures on a three-month rolling basis are binding. As a result, a failure to accurately forecast supply and demand could cause us to over-invest or under-invest in inventory, technology transitions or the expansion of Flash Ventures’ capacity. Over-investment by us or our competitors can result in excess supply and lead to significant decreases in our product prices, significant excess, obsolete inventory or inventory write-downs or underutilization charges, and the potential impairment of our investments in Flash Ventures. For example, for our Flash business, in 2024 and 2023, we incurred $252 million and $296 million of charges for unabsorbed manufacturing overhead costs as a result of the reduced utilization of our manufacturing capacity, respectively. Additionally, in 2024, we recorded $108 million of charges to write-down our inventory as a result of decreases in market pricing. These charges were attributable to a significant imbalance of supply and demand and our actions taken in response thereto. On the other hand, if we under-invest in Flash Ventures, or otherwise grow or transition Flash Ventures’ capacity too slowly, we may not have enough supply of flash-based memory, or the right type of flash-based memory, to meet demand on a timely and cost effective basis, and we may lose opportunities for revenue, gross margin and market share as a result. If our supply is limited, we might make strategic decisions with respect to the allocation of our supply among our products and customers, which could result in less favorable gross margins or damage customer relationships. 

Our control over the operations of our business ventures may be limited, and our interests could diverge from our strategic partners’ interests regarding ongoing and future activities. For example, each Flash Ventures entity operates for a defined period of time agreed upon between the joint venture partners. Although we and Kioxia have agreed to extend that period of time for each Flash Ventures entity since the start of Flash Ventures, there is a risk that we and Kioxia will be unable to agree on a further extension of one or more of the Flash Ventures entities in the future. Additionally, under the Flash Ventures agreements, we cannot unilaterally direct most of Flash Ventures’ activities, and we have limited ability to source or fabricate flash outside of Flash Ventures. Flash Ventures requires significant investments by both Kioxia and us for technology transitions and capacity expansions, and our business could be harmed if our technology roadmap and investment plans are not sufficiently aligned with Kioxia’s. Lack of alignment with Kioxia with respect to Flash Ventures could negatively impact our ability to react quickly to changes in the market, or to stay at the forefront of technological advancement. Misalignment could arise due to changes in Kioxia’s strategic priorities, management, ownership or access to capital, which have changed in recent years and could continue to change. Kioxia’s stakeholders may include, or have included in the past, competitors, customers, a private equity firm, government entities or public stockholders. Kioxia’s management changes, ownership and capital structure could lead to delays in decision-making, disputes or changes in strategic direction that could negatively impact the strategic partnership, and therefore us. There may exist conflicts of interest between Kioxia’s stakeholders and Flash Ventures or us with respect to, among other things, protecting and growing Flash Ventures’ business, IP and competitively sensitive confidential information.

Together with Kioxia, we fund a portion of the investments required for Flash Ventures through lease financings. Continued availability of lease financings for Flash Ventures is not guaranteed and could be limited by several factors, including availability of tools qualified for leasing, investor capacity and risk allocation policies, our or Kioxia’s financial performance and changes to our or Kioxia’s business, ownership or corporate structure. To the extent that lease financings are not accessible on favorable terms or at all, more cash would be required to fund investments. 

Our strategic relationships are subject to additional risks that could harm our business, including, but not limited to, the following: failure by our strategic partners to comply with applicable laws or employ effective internal controls; difficulties and delays in product and technology development at, ramping production at, and transferring technology to, our strategic partners; declining financial performance of our strategic partners, including failure by our strategic partners to timely fund capital investments with us or otherwise meet their commitments, including the payment of amounts owed to us or third parties when due; losing the rights to, or ability to independently manufacture, certain technology or products being developed or manufactured by strategic partners, including as a result of any of them being acquired by another company, filing for bankruptcy or experiencing financial or other losses; a bankruptcy event involving a strategic partner, which could result in 

17

Table of Contents

structural changes to or termination of the strategic partnership; and changes in tax or regulatory requirements, which may necessitate changes to the agreements governing our strategic partnerships.

 We participate in a highly competitive industry that is subject to declining average selling prices (“ASPs”), volatile demand, rapid technological change and industry consolidation, as well as lengthy product qualifications, all of which can negatively impact our business.

Demand for our devices, software and solutions, which we refer to in this Item 1A as our “products”, depends in large part on the demand for systems manufactured by our customers and on storage upgrades to existing systems. The demand for systems has been volatile in the past and often has had an exaggerated effect on the demand for our products in any given period. Demand for and prices of our products are influenced by, among other factors, the actual and projected growth of data to be stored, the balance between supply and demand in the storage market, including the effects of new fab capacity, macroeconomic factors, business conditions, the emergence or growth of new or existing technologies (including AI), technology transitions and other actions taken by us or our competitors. The storage market has recently experienced, and may continue to experience, periods of excess capacity leading to liquidation of excess inventories, inventory write-downs, significant reductions in ASPs and negative impacts on our revenue and gross margins and volatile product life cycles that harm our ability to recover the cost of product development. 

Further, our ASPs and gross margins tend to decline when there is a shift in the mix of product sales to lower priced products. We have faced declining gross margins in the past, and may face potential gross margin pressures in the future, resulting from our ASPs declining more rapidly than our cost of revenue. Rapid technological changes often reduce the volume and profitability of sales of existing products and increase the risk of inventory obsolescence and write-downs. Finally, the data storage industry has experienced consolidation over the past several years, which could enhance the resources and lower the cost structure of some competitors. These factors could result in a substantial decrease in our market share and harm our business.

As we compete in new product areas, the overall complexity of our business may increase and may result in increases in R&D expenses and substantial investments in manufacturing capability, technology enhancements and go-to-market capability. We must also qualify our products with customers through potentially lengthy testing processes with uncertain results. Some of our competitors offer products that we do not offer, which may allow them to win sales from us, and some of our customers may be developing storage solutions internally, which may reduce their demand for our products. We expect that competition will continue to be intense, and our competitors may be able to gain a product offering or cost structure advantage over us, which would harm our business. Further, our competitors may utilize pricing strategies, including offering products at prices at or below cost, that we may be unable to competitively match. We may also have difficulty effectively competing with manufacturers benefiting from governmental investments and may be subject to increased complexity and reduced efficiency in our supply chain as a result of governmental efforts to promote domestic semiconductor industries in various jurisdictions.

 If we do not properly manage technology transitions and product development and introduction, our competitiveness and operating results may be negatively affected.

The markets for our products continuously undergo technology transitions that can impact our product roadmaps and that we must anticipate in order to adapt our existing products or develop new products effectively. If we fail to adapt to or implement new technologies, if we fail to quickly and cost-effectively develop new products that meet the specifications and requirements intended or desired by our customers or if technology transitions negatively impact our existing product roadmaps, our business may be harmed.

In addition, the success of our technology transitions and product development depends on a number of other factors, including R&D expenses and results; difficulties faced in manufacturing ramp; market acceptance/qualification; effective management of inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand; the vertical integration of some of our products, which may result in more capital expenditures and greater fixed costs than if we were not vertically integrated; our ability to cost effectively respond to customer requests for new products or features (including requests for more efficient and efficiently-produced products with reduced environmental impacts) and software associated with our products; our ability to increase our software development capability; and the effectiveness of our go-to-market capability in selling new products.

Moving to new technologies and products may require us to align to, and build, a new supply base. Our success in new product areas may depend on our ability to enter into favorable supply agreements. In addition, if our customers choose to delay transition to new technologies, if demand for the products that we develop is lower than expected or if the supporting 

18

Table of Contents

technologies to implement these new technologies are not available, we may be unable to achieve the cost structure required to support our profit objectives or may be unable to grow or maintain our market position.

Additionally, new technologies could impact demand for our products in unforeseen or unexpected ways and new products could substitute for our current products and make them obsolete, each of which would harm our business. We also develop products to meet certain industry and technical standards, which may change and cause us to incur substantial costs as we adapt to new standards or invest in different manufacturing processes to remain competitive.

 We experience sales seasonality and cyclicality, which could cause our operating results to fluctuate. In addition, accurately forecasting demand has become more difficult, which could harm our business.

Sales of many of our products tend to be seasonal and subject to volatile and irregular supply-demand cycles. Changes in seasonal and cyclical supply and demand patterns have made it, and could continue to make it, more difficult for us to forecast demand. Changes in the product or channel mix of our business can also impact seasonal and cyclical patterns. For example, we often ship a high percentage of our total quarterly sales in the third month of the quarter, which makes it difficult for us to forecast our financial results before the end of each quarter. As a result of the above or other factors, our forecast of financial results for a given quarter may differ materially from our actual financial results.

The variety and volume of products we manufacture are based in part on accurately forecasting market and customer demand for our products, which are influenced by a wide variety of factors. As a result of the number and complexity of these factors, accurately forecasting demand has been and continues to be increasingly difficult for us, our customers and our suppliers. Further, for many of our OEM customers utilizing just-in-time inventory, we do not generally require firm order commitments and instead receive a periodic forecast of requirements, which may prove to be inaccurate. In addition, because our products are designed to be largely interchangeable with competitors’ products, our demand forecasts may be impacted significantly by the strategic actions of our competitors. As forecasting demand becomes more difficult, the risk that our forecasts are not in line with demand increases. This has caused, and may in the future cause, our forecasts to exceed actual market demand, resulting in periods of product oversupply, excess inventory, underutilization of manufacturing capacity and price decreases, which has impacted and could further impact our sales, ASPs and gross margin or require us to incur additional inventory write-downs or additional charges for unabsorbed manufacturing overhead, thereby negatively affecting our operating results and our financial condition. For example, in 2024 and 2023, we incurred $407 million and $497 million of charges for unabsorbed manufacturing overhead costs as a result of the reduced utilization of our manufacturing capacity, respectively. Additionally, in 2024, we incurred $108 million of charges to write-down our inventory as a result of decreases in market pricing. These charges were attributable to a significant imbalance of supply and demand and our actions taken in response thereto. If market demand increases significantly beyond our forecasts or beyond our ability to add manufacturing capacity, then we may not be able to satisfy customer product needs, possibly resulting in a loss of market share if our competitors are able to meet customer demands. In addition, some of our components have long lead-times, requiring us to place orders several months in advance of anticipated demand. Such long lead-times increase the risk of excess inventory, potentially resulting in inventory write-downs, or loss of sales in the event our forecasts vary substantially from actual demand.

 Failure to successfully execute on strategic initiatives including acquisitions, divestitures or cost saving measures may negatively impact our future results.

We have made and expect to continue to make acquisitions and divestitures, and engage in cost saving measures. In order to successfully execute on strategic initiatives, we must continue to identify and successfully complete attractive transactions, some of which may be large and complex, and manage post-closing issues such as integration of the acquired company or employees and integration of processes and systems. We may not be able to continue to identify or complete appealing acquisition or investment opportunities given the intense competition for these transactions. Even if we identify and complete suitable corporate transactions, we may not be able to successfully address any integration challenges in a timely manner, or at all. There have been and may continue to be difficulties with implementing new systems and processes or with integrating systems and processes of companies with complex operations, which may result in inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies and may increase our vulnerability to cybersecurity attacks or the risk that our internal controls are found to be ineffective. 

Failing to successfully integrate or realign our business to take advantage of efficiencies or reduce redundancies of an acquisition or divestiture may result in not realizing all or any of the anticipated benefits of the transaction. In addition, failing to achieve the financial model projections for an acquisition or changes in technology development and related roadmaps following an acquisition may result in the incurrence of impairment charges (including goodwill impairments or other asset write-downs) and other expenses, both of which could negatively impact our results of operations or financial condition. 

19

Table of Contents

Acquisitions and investments may also result in the issuance of equity securities that may be dilutive to our stockholders as well as earn-out or other contingent consideration payments and the issuance of additional indebtedness that would put additional pressure on liquidity. Furthermore, we may agree to provide continuing service obligations or enter into other agreements in order to obtain certain regulatory approvals of our corporate transactions, and failure to satisfy these additional obligations could result in our failing to obtain regulatory approvals or the imposition of additional obligations on us, any of which could negatively affect our business. In addition, new legislation or additional regulations may affect or impair our ability to invest with or in certain other countries or require us to obtain regulatory approvals to do so, including investments in joint ventures, minority investments and outbound technology transfers to certain countries.

Cost saving measures, restructurings and divestitures may result in workforce reduction and consolidation of our manufacturing or other facilities. As a result of these actions, we may experience a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge, disruptions to our operations and inefficiency during transitional periods. These actions could also impact employee retention. In addition, we cannot be sure that these actions will be as successful in reducing our overall expenses as we expect, that additional costs will not offset any such reductions or consolidations or that we do not forego future business opportunities as a result of these actions. 

Acquisitions and alliance activities inherently involve other risks as well, including those associated with disruption to our business and the continued successful execution of our company strategy, goals and responsibilities; assimilation and integration of different business operations, corporate cultures, personnel, infrastructures and technologies or solutions acquired or licensed, while maintaining quality, and designing and implementing appropriate risk management measures; and the possibility of conflict with joint venture or alliance partners regarding strategic direction, prioritization of objectives and goals, governance matters or operations.

 Loss of revenue from a key customer, or consolidation among our customer base, could harm our operating results.

Historically, nearly one half of our total revenue came from sales to our top 10 customers. These customers have a variety of suppliers to choose from and therefore can make substantial demands on us, including demands on product pricing, contractual terms and the environmental impact and attributes of our products, often resulting in the allocation of risk or increased costs to us as the supplier. Our ability to maintain strong relationships with our principal customers is essential to our future performance. We have experienced and may in the future experience events such as the loss of a key customer, prohibition or restriction of sales to a key customer by law, regulation or other government action, reductions in sales to or orders by a key customer, customer requirements to reduce our prices before we are able to reduce costs or the acquisition of a key customer by one of our competitors. These events have impacted, and may in the future impact, our operating results and financial condition. Further, government authorities may implement laws or regulations or take other actions that could result in significant changes to the business or operating models of our customers. Such changes could negatively impact our operating results. 

Additionally, if there is consolidation among our customer base, our customers may be able to command increased leverage in negotiating prices and other terms of sale, which could negatively impact our profitability. Consolidation among our customer base may also lead to reduced demand for our products, increased customer pressure on our prices, replacement of our products by the combined entity with those of our competitors and cancellations of orders, each of which could harm our operating results.

Also, the storage ecosystem is constantly evolving, and our traditional customer base is changing. Fewer companies now hold greater market share for certain applications and services, such as cloud storage and computing platforms, mobile, social media, shopping and streaming media. As a result, the competitive landscape is changing, giving these companies increased leverage in negotiating prices and other terms of sale, which could negatively impact our profitability. In addition, the changes in our evolving customer base create new selling and distribution patterns to which we must adapt. To remain competitive, we must respond to these changes by ensuring we have proper scale in this evolving market, as well as offer products that meet the technological requirements of this customer base at competitive pricing points. To the extent we are not successful in adequately responding to these changes, our operating results and financial condition could be harmed.

 Sales in the distribution channel and to the retail market are important to our business, and if we fail to respond to demand changes within these markets, or maintain and grow our applicable market share, our business could suffer.

Our distribution customers typically sell to small computer manufacturers, dealers, systems integrators and other resellers. We face significant competition in this channel as a result of limited product qualification programs and a significant focus on price and availability of product. As a result of the shift to mobile devices, more computing devices are being delivered to the 

20

Table of Contents

market as complete systems, which could weaken the distribution market. If we fail to respond to changes in demand in the distribution market, our business could suffer. Additionally, if the distribution market weakens as a result of technology transitions or a significant change in consumer buying preference, or if we experience significant price declines due to demand changes in the distribution channel, our operating results would be negatively impacted. Negative changes in the creditworthiness or the ability to access credit, or the bankruptcy or shutdown of any of our significant retail or distribution partners would harm our revenue and our ability to collect outstanding receivable balances.

A significant portion of our sales is also made through retailers. Our success in the retail market depends in large part on our ability to maintain our brand image and corporate reputation and to expand into and gain market acceptance of our products in multiple retail market channels. Particularly in the retail market, negative publicity, whether or not justified, or allegations of product or service quality issues, even if false or unfounded, could damage our reputation and cause our customers to choose products offered by our competitors. Further, changes to the retail environment, such as store closures caused by macroeconomic conditions or changing customer preferences, may reduce the demand for our products. If customers no longer maintain a preference for our product brands or if our retailers are not successful in selling our products, our operating results may be negatively impacted.

FINANCIAL RISKS

 Our level of debt may negatively impact our liquidity, restrict our operations and ability to respond to business opportunities, and increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions.

We utilize debt financing in our capital structure and may incur additional debt, including under our revolving credit facility subject to customary conditions in our loan agreements. Our level of debt could have significant consequences, including limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate purposes; requiring a substantial portion of our cash flows to be dedicated to debt service payments instead of other purposes; imposing financial and other restrictive covenants on our operations, including minimum liquidity requirements and limitations on our ability to (i) declare or pay dividends or repurchase shares of our common stock; (ii) purchase assets, make investments, complete acquisitions, consolidate or merge with or into, or sell all or substantially all of our assets to, another person; (iii) enter into sale/leaseback transactions or certain transactions with affiliates; (iv) incur additional indebtedness; and (v) incur liens, making us more vulnerable to economic downturns and limiting our ability to withstand competitive pressures or take advantage of new opportunities to grow our business.

Our ability to meet our debt service obligations, comply with our debt covenants and deleverage depends on our cash flows and financial performance, which are affected by financial, business, economic and other factors. The rate at which we will be able to or choose to deleverage is uncertain. Failure to meet our debt service obligations or comply with our debt covenants could result in an event of default under the applicable indebtedness. We may be unable to cure, or obtain a waiver of, an event of default or otherwise amend our debt agreements to prevent an event of default thereunder on terms acceptable to us or at all. In that event, the debt holders could accelerate the related debt, which may result in the cross-acceleration or cross-default of other debt, leases or other obligations. We also utilize convertible debt in our capital structure and as of June 28, 2024, $1.6 billion principal amount of our convertible notes were convertible at the option of the holder. As such, these convertible notes were classified as current debt as of that date. In the event that holders of our convertible debt exercise conversion rights, we will be required to settle the principal amount of any converted notes in cash. If we do not have sufficient funds available to repay indebtedness when due, whether at maturity, by acceleration or upon conversion, we may be required to sell important strategic assets; refinance our existing debt; incur additional debt or issue common stock or other equity securities, which we may not be able to do on terms acceptable to us, in amounts sufficient to meet our needs or at all. Our inability to service our debt obligations or refinance our debt could harm our business. Further, if we are unable to repay, refinance or restructure our secured indebtedness, the holder of such debt could proceed against the collateral securing the indebtedness. Refinancing our indebtedness may also require us to expense previous debt issuance costs or to incur new debt issuance costs.

As our bank debt contains a variable interest rate component based on our corporate credit ratings, a decline in our ratings has in the past resulted in, and could in the future result in, increased interest rates and debt service obligations. In addition, our ratings impact the cost and availability of future borrowings and, accordingly, our cost of capital. Our ratings reflect the opinions of the ratings agencies as to our financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet our debt obligations. There can be no assurance that we will achieve a particular rating or maintain a particular rating in the future.

We also guarantee a significant amount of lease obligations of Flash Ventures owed to third parties. Flash Ventures sells to and leases back a portion of its equipment from a consortium of financial institutions. Most of the lease obligations are guaranteed 50% by us and 50% by Kioxia. Some of the lease obligations are guaranteed in full by us. The leases are subject to 

21

Table of Contents

customary covenants and cancellation events that relate to Flash Ventures and each of the guarantors. If a cancellation event were to occur, Flash Ventures would be required to negotiate a resolution with the other parties to the lease transactions to avoid cancellation and acceleration of the lease obligations. Such resolution could include, among other things, supplementary security to be supplied by us, increased interest rates or waiver fees. If a resolution is not reached, we may be required to pay all of the outstanding lease obligations covered by our guarantees, which would significantly reduce our cash position and may force us to seek additional financing, which may not be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all.

We may from time to time seek to further refinance our substantial indebtedness by issuing additional shares of common stock or other securities that are convertible into common stock or grant the holder the right to purchase common stock, each of which may dilute our existing stockholders, reduce the value of our common stock, or both.

 Tax matters may materially affect our financial position and results of operations.

Changes in tax laws in the United States, the European Union and around the globe have impacted and will continue to impact our effective worldwide tax rate, which may materially affect our financial position and results of operations. Further, the majority of countries in the G20 and Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) Inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) have agreed to adopt a two-pillar approach to taxation, which includes the implementation of a global corporate minimum tax rate of 15%, which, when effective, could materially increase our tax obligations in these countries. Due to the large scale of our U.S. and international business activities, many of these enacted and proposed changes to the taxation of our activities, including cash movements, could increase our worldwide effective tax rate and harm our business. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenditures in the year incurred, requiring amortization in accordance with IRC Section 174. Depending on our operating results, this requirement could materially increase our effective tax rate and reduce our operating cash flows. Additionally, portions of our operations are subject to a reduced tax rate or are free of tax under various tax holidays that expire in whole or in part from time to time, or may be terminated if certain conditions are not met. Although many of these holidays may be extended when certain conditions are met, we may not be able to meet such conditions. If the tax holidays are not extended, or if we fail to satisfy the conditions of the reduced tax rate, then our effective tax rate could increase in the future. Our effective tax rate may be negatively impacted if we are unable to realize deferred tax assets. We regularly review our deferred tax assets for recoverability and establish a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. If we are unable to generate sufficient future taxable income or if there is a change to the time period within which the underlying temporary differences become taxable or deductible, we could be required to increase our valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets, which could result in a material increase in our effective tax rate.

Our determination of our tax liability in the U.S. and other jurisdictions is subject to review by applicable domestic and foreign tax authorities. For example, as disclosed in Part I, Item 1, Note 13, 
Income Tax Expense
, of the Notes to 
Consolidated Financial Statements
 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we are under examination by the Internal Revenue Service for certain fiscal years. Although we believe our tax positions are properly supported, the final timing and resolution of any tax examinations are subject to significant uncertainty and could result in litigation or the payment of significant amounts to the applicable tax authority in order to resolve examination of our tax positions, which could result in an increase of our current estimate of unrecognized tax benefits and may harm our business.

 Fluctuations in currency exchange rates as a result of our international operations may negatively affect our operating results. 

Because we manufacture and sell our products abroad, our revenue, cost of revenue, margins, operating costs and cash flows are impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. If the U.S. dollar exhibits sustained weakness against most foreign currencies, the U.S. dollar equivalents of unhedged manufacturing costs could increase because a significant portion of our production costs are foreign-currency denominated. Conversely, there would not be an offsetting impact to revenues since revenues are substantially U.S. dollar denominated. Additionally, we negotiate and procure some of our component requirements in U.S. dollars from non-U.S. based vendors. If the U.S. dollar weakens against other foreign currencies, some of our component suppliers may increase the price they charge for their components in order to maintain an equivalent profit margin. In addition, our purchases of flash-based memory from Flash Ventures and our investment in Flash Ventures are denominated in Japanese yen. If the Japanese yen appreciates against the U.S. dollar, our cost of purchasing flash-based memory wafers and the cost to us of future capital funding of Flash Ventures would increase. When such events occur, they have had, and may in the future have, a negative impact on our business.

Prices for our products are substantially U.S. dollar denominated, even when sold to customers that are located outside the U.S. Therefore, as a substantial portion of our sales are from countries outside the U.S., fluctuations in currency exchanges 

22

Table of Contents

rates, most notably the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against other foreign currencies, contribute to variations in sales of products in impacted jurisdictions and could negatively impact demand and revenue growth. In addition, currency variations may adversely affect, and from time to time have adversely affected, margins on sales of our products in countries outside the U.S.

We attempt to manage the impact of foreign currency exchange rate changes by, among other things, entering into short-term foreign exchange contracts. However, these contracts may not cover our full exposure, and can be canceled by the counterparty if currency controls are put in place. Thus, our decisions and hedging strategy with respect to currency risks may not be successful and may actually harm our operating results. Further, the ability to enter into foreign exchange contracts with financial institutions is based upon our available credit from such institutions and compliance with covenants and other restrictions. Operating losses, third party downgrades of our credit rating or instability in the worldwide financial markets could impact our ability to effectively manage our foreign currency exchange rate risk. Hedging also exposes us to the credit risk of our counterparty financial institutions.

 Increases in our customers’ credit risk could result in credit losses and term extensions under existing contracts with customers with credit losses could result in an increase in our operating costs.

Some of our OEM customers have adopted a subcontractor model that requires us to contract directly with companies, such as ODMs, that provide manufacturing and fulfillment services to our OEM customers. Because these subcontractors are generally not as well capitalized as our direct OEM customers, this subcontractor model exposes us to increased credit risks. Our agreements with our OEM customers may not permit us to increase our product prices to alleviate this increased credit risk. Additionally, as we attempt to expand our OEM and distribution channel sales into emerging economies, the customers with the most success in these regions may have relatively short operating histories, making it more difficult for us to accurately assess the associated credit risks. Our customers’ credit risk may also be exacerbated by an economic downturn or other adverse global or regional economic conditions. Any credit losses we may suffer as a result of these increased risks, or as a result of credit losses from any significant customer, especially in situations where there are term extensions under existing contracts with such customers, would increase our operating costs, which may negatively impact our operating results.

LEGAL AND COMPLIANCE RISKS

 We are subject to laws, rules and regulations relating to the collection, use, sharing and security of data, including personal data, and our failure to comply with these laws, rules and regulations could subject us to proceedings by governmental entities or others and cause us to incur penalties, significant legal liability, or loss of customers, loss of revenue and reputational harm.

We are subject to laws, rules and regulations relating to the collection, use, security and privacy of third-party data, including data that relates to or identifies an individual person. We are also subject to the terms of our privacy policies and obligations to third parties related to privacy, data protection and security. In many cases, these requirements apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information between our information systems and our subsidiaries, and among us, our subsidiaries and other parties with which we have commercial relations. Our possession and use of third-party data, including personal data and employee data in conducting our business, subjects us to legal and regulatory obligations that require us to notify vendors, customers or employees or other parties with which we have commercial relations of a data security breach and to respond to regulatory inquiries and to enforcement proceedings. Managing these notifications, especially in large volumes, can lead to significant expenses, even with cybersecurity insurance coverage. Laws and regulations relating to the collection, use, security and privacy of third-party data change over time and new laws and regulations become effective from time to time. We are subject to notice and privacy statement requirements, as well as obligations to respond to requests to know and access personal information, correct personal information, delete personal information and say no to the sale of personal information. Global privacy and data protection legislation, enforcement and policy activity in this area are rapidly expanding and evolving, and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. We may also be subject to restrictions on cross-border data transfers and requirements for localized storage of data that could increase our compliance costs and risks and affect the ability of our global operations to coordinate activities and respond to customers and individuals. Compliance requirements or even our inadvertent failure to comply with applicable laws may cause us to incur substantial costs, subject us to proceedings by governmental entities or others, and cause us to incur penalties or other significant legal liability or lead us to change our business practices.

23

Table of Contents

 We are and may in the future be subject to state, federal and international legal and regulatory requirements, such as environmental, labor, health and safety, trade and public-company reporting and disclosure regulations, customers’ standards of corporate citizenship and industry and coalition standards, such as those established by the Responsible Business Alliance (“RBA”), and compliance with those regulations and requirements could cause an increase in our operating costs and failure to comply may harm our business.

We are subject to, and may become subject to, additional, state, federal and international laws and regulations governing our environmental, labor, trade, health and safety practices and public-company reporting and disclosures requirements. These laws and regulations, particularly those applicable to our international operations, are or may be complex, extensive and subject to change. We will need to ensure that we and our suppliers, customers and partners timely comply with such laws and regulations, which may result in an increase in our operating costs. Legislation has been, and may in the future be, enacted in locations where we manufacture or sell our products, which could impair our ability to conduct business in certain jurisdictions or with certain customers and harm our operating results. In addition, climate change and financial reform legislation is a significant topic of discussion and has generated and may continue to generate federal, international or other regulatory responses in the near future, which could substantially increase the complexity of our public-company reporting and disclosure requirements and our compliance and operating costs. If we or our suppliers, customers or partners fail to timely comply with applicable legislation, certain customers may refuse to purchase our products or we may face increased operating costs as a result of taxes, fines or penalties, or legal liability and reputational damage, which could harm our business.

In connection with our compliance with environmental laws and regulations, as well as our compliance with industry and coalition environmental initiatives, such as those established by the RBA, the standards of business conduct required by some of our customers, and our commitment to sound corporate citizenship in all aspects of our business, we could incur substantial compliance and operating costs and be subject to disruptions to our operations and logistics. In addition, if we or our suppliers, customers or partners were found to be in violation of these laws or noncompliant with these initiatives or standards of conduct, we could be subject to governmental fines, liability to our customers and damage to our reputation and corporate brand, which could cause our financial condition and operating results to suffer.

 Our aspirations, disclosures and actions related to environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) matters expose us to risks that could adversely affect our reputation and performance.

There is an increased focus from investors, customers, associates, business partners and other stakeholders concerning ESG matters, and we announce initiatives and goals related to ESG matters from time to time, including renewable energy and net zero emissions commitments. These statements reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. Our ability to achieve any ESG objective is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control, including the availability and cost of alternative energy sources; the evolving regulatory and reporting requirements affecting ESG practices and disclosures; the locations and usage of our products and the implications on their greenhouse gas emissions; and the successful execution of our strategy. Our failure to accomplish or accurately track and report on these goals on a timely basis, or at all, and the potential added costs involved, could adversely affect our reputation; financial performance and growth; our ability to attract or retain talent; and our attractiveness as a business partner or supplier, and could expose us to increased litigation risk, as well as increased scrutiny from the investment community and enforcement authorities.

 We and certain of our officers are and may continue to be involved in litigation, investigations and governmental proceedings, which may be costly, may divert the efforts of our key personnel and could result in adverse court rulings, fines or penalties, which could materially harm our business.

We are and may continue to be involved in litigation, including antitrust and commercial matters, putative securities class action suits and other actions. We are the plaintiff in some of these actions and the defendant in others. Some of the actions seek injunctive relief, including injunctions against the sale of our products, and substantial monetary damages, which if granted or awarded, could materially harm our business. We have in the past been and may in the future be the subject of inquiries, requests for information, investigations and actions by government and regulatory agencies regarding our businesses. Any such matters could result in material adverse consequences to our results of operations, financial condition or ability to conduct our business, including fines, penalties or restrictions on our business activities.

Litigation is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In the event of an adverse outcome in any litigation, investigation or governmental proceeding, we could be required to pay substantial damages, fines or penalties and cease certain practices or activities, including the manufacture, use and sale of products. With or without merit, such matters may be complex, may extend for a protracted period of time, may be very expensive and the expense may be unpredictable. Litigation initiated by us could also result in counter-claims against us, 

24

Table of Contents

which could increase the costs associated with the litigation and result in our payment of damages or other judgments against us. In addition, litigation, investigations or governmental proceedings and any related publicity may divert the efforts and attention of some of our key personnel, affect demand for our products and harm the market prices of our securities.

We may be obligated to indemnify our current or former directors or employees, or former directors or employees of companies that we have acquired, in connection with litigation, investigations or governmental proceedings. These liabilities could be substantial and may include, among other things: the costs of defending lawsuits against these individuals; the cost of defending shareholder derivative suits; the cost of governmental, law enforcement or regulatory investigations or proceedings; civil or criminal fines and penalties; legal and other expenses; and expenses associated with the remedial measures, if any, which may be imposed.

 The nature of our industry and its reliance on IP and other proprietary information subjects us and our suppliers, customers and partners to the risk of significant litigation.

The data storage industry has been characterized by significant litigation. This includes litigation relating to patent and other IP rights, product liability claims and other types of litigation. We are frequently involved in disputes regarding patent and other IP rights, and we and our customers have in the past received, and we and our customers may in the future receive, communications from third parties asserting that certain of our products, processes or technologies infringe upon their patent rights, copyrights, trademark rights or other IP rights. Even if we believe that such claims are without merit, they may be time-consuming and costly to defend against and may divert management’s attention and resources away from our business. We may also receive claims of potential infringement if we attempt to license IP to others. IP risks increase when we enter into new markets where we have little or no IP protection as a deterrent against litigation. The complexity of the technology involved and the uncertainty of IP litigation increase the IP risks we face. Litigation can be expensive, lengthy and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of litigation are inherently uncertain and have resulted in, and may in the future result in, adverse rulings or decisions. We may be subject to injunctions, enter into settlements or be subject to judgments that may harm our business.

If we incorporate third-party technology into our products or if claims or actions are asserted against us for alleged infringement of the IP of others, we may be required to obtain a license or cross-license, modify our existing technology or design a new non-infringing technology. Such licenses or design modifications can be extremely costly. We evaluate notices of alleged patent infringement and notices of patents from patent holders that we receive from time to time. We may decide to settle a claim or action against us, which settlement could be costly. We may also be liable for past infringement. If there is an adverse ruling against us in an infringement lawsuit, an injunction could be issued barring production or sale of any infringing product. It could also result in a damage award equal to a reasonable royalty or lost profits or, if there is a finding of willful infringement, treble damages. Any of these results would increase our costs and harm our operating results. In addition, our suppliers, customers and partners are subject to similar risks of litigation, and a material, adverse ruling against a supplier, customer or partner could negatively impact our business.

Moreover, from time to time, we agree to indemnify certain of our suppliers and customers for alleged IP infringement. The scope of such indemnity varies but may include indemnification for direct and consequential damages and expenses, including attorneys’ fees. We may be engaged in litigation as a result of these indemnification obligations. Third party claims for patent infringement are excluded from coverage under our insurance policies. A future obligation to indemnify our customers or suppliers may harm our business.

 Our reliance on IP and other proprietary information subjects us to the risk that these key components of our business could be copied by competitors.

Our success depends, in significant part, on the proprietary nature of our technology, including non-patentable IP such as our process technology. If we fail to protect our technology, IP or contract rights, our customers and others may seek to use our technology and IP without the payment of license fees and royalties, which could weaken our competitive position, reduce our operating results and increase the likelihood of costly litigation. We primarily rely on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as non-disclosure agreements and other methods, to protect our proprietary technologies and processes. There can be no assurance that our existing patents will continue to be held valid, if challenged, or that they will have sufficient scope or strength to protect us. It is also possible that competitors or other unauthorized third parties may obtain, copy, use or disclose, illegally or otherwise, our proprietary technologies and processes, despite our efforts to protect our proprietary technologies and processes. If a competitor is able to reproduce or otherwise capitalize on our technology despite the safeguards we have in place, it may be difficult, expensive or impossible for us to obtain necessary legal protection. There are entities whom we believe may infringe our IP. Enforcement of our rights often requires litigation. If we bring a patent infringement 

25

Table of Contents

action and are not successful, our competitors may be able to use similar technology to compete with us. Moreover, the defendant in such an action may successfully countersue us for infringement of their patents or assert a counterclaim that our patents are invalid or unenforceable. Also, the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our IP to the same extent as do U.S. laws. In addition to patent protection of IP rights, we consider elements of our product designs and processes to be proprietary and confidential. We rely upon employee, consultant and vendor non-disclosure agreements and contractual provisions and a system of internal safeguards to protect our proprietary information. However, we cannot be certain that these contracts and safeguards have not been and will not be breached, that we will be able to timely detect unauthorized use or transfer of our technology and IP, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach or that our trade secrets will not otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. Any of our registered or unregistered IP rights may be challenged or exploited by others in the industry, which could harm our operating results.

Maintaining and strengthening our brands are important to maintaining and expanding our business, as well as to our ability to enter into new markets for our technologies, products and services. The success of our brands depends in part on the positive image that consumers have of our brands. We believe the popularity of our brands makes them a target of counterfeiting or imitation, with third parties attempting to pass off counterfeit products as our products. Any occurrence of counterfeiting, imitation or confusion with our brands could negatively affect our reputation and impair the value of our brands, which in turn could negatively impact sales and pricing of our branded products, our share and our gross margin, as well as increase our administrative costs related to brand protection and counterfeit detection and prosecution. Additionally, our ability to prevent unauthorized uses of our brands and technologies would be negatively impacted if our trademark registrations were successfully challenged or overturned in the jurisdictions where we do business. We also have trademark applications pending in a number of jurisdictions that may not ultimately be granted, or if granted, may be challenged or invalidated, in which case we would be unable to prevent unauthorized use of our brands and logos in such jurisdictions. We have not filed trademark registrations in all jurisdictions where our brands or logos may be used.

 The exclusive forum provisions in our Bylaws could limit our stockholders' ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the Company or its directors, officers or other employees.

Our Bylaws provide that, unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or the federal district court in the State of Delaware if the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction) is the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or other employee of the Company or its stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine (the “Delaware Exclusive Forum Provision”). Our Bylaws further provide that the federal district courts of the United States of America will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Federal Forum Provision”). 

The Delaware Exclusive Forum Provision is intended to apply to claims arising under Delaware state law and would not apply to claims brought pursuant to the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, the Federal Forum Provision is intended to apply to claims arising under the Securities Act and would not apply to claims brought pursuant to the Exchange Act. The exclusive forum provisions in the Company’s Bylaws will not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder and, accordingly, actions by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder must be brought in federal courts. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. 

The exclusive forum provisions in the Company’s Bylaws may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with the company or its directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against the Company and its directors, officers and other employees. In addition, stockholders who do bring a claim in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware pursuant to the Delaware Exclusive Forum Provision could face additional litigation costs in pursuing any such claim, particularly if they do not reside in or near Delaware. The court in the designated forum under our exclusive forum provisions may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments or results may be more favorable to the Company than to our stockholders. Further, the enforceability of similar exclusive forum provisions in other companies’ organizational documents has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find any of our exclusive forum provisions to be inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings. If a court were to find all or any part of our exclusive forum provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we might incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions.

26

Table of Contents