Risks Related to the Operation of Our Business

Our business is significantly impacted by governmental regulation.

We are subject to significant state, local and federal governmental regulation. We are subject to the regulation of the PSCW as to retail electric, gas and steam rates in the state of Wisconsin, standards of service, issuance of securities, short-term debt obligations, construction of certain new facilities, transactions with affiliates, billing practices and various other matters. In addition, we are subject to the regulation of the MPSC as to the various matters associated with retail electric service in the state of Michigan, except as to the issuance of securities in the ordinary course of business, construction of certain new facilities, levels of short-term debt obligations and advance approval of transactions with affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Further, Wisconsin Electric's hydroelectric facilities are regulated by FERC, and FERC also regulates our wholesale power service practices, electric reliability requirements, and participation in the interstate natural gas pipeline capacity market. Our significant level of regulation imposes restrictions on our operations and causes us to incur substantial compliance costs.

We are obligated to comply in good faith with all applicable governmental rules and regulations. If it is determined that we failed to comply with any applicable rules or regulations, whether through new interpretations or applications of the regulations or otherwise, we may be liable for customer refunds, penalties and other amounts, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

We estimate that within our regulated energy segment, approximately 
86%
 of our electric revenues are regulated by the PSCW, 
7%
 are regulated by the MPSC and the balance of our electric revenues is regulated by FERC. All of our natural gas and steam revenues are regulated by the PSCW. Our ability to obtain rate adjustments in the future is dependent upon regulatory action, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain rate adjustments in the future that will allow us to recover our costs and expenses and to maintain our current authorized rates of return.

We believe we have obtained the necessary permits, approvals and certificates for our existing operations and that our respective businesses are conducted in accordance with applicable laws; however, the impact of any future revision or changes in interpretations of existing regulations or the adoption of new laws and regulations applicable to us cannot be predicted. Changes in regulation, interpretations of regulations or the imposition of additional regulations could influence our operating environment and may result in substantial compliance costs.

Governmental agencies could modify our permits, authorizations or licenses.

Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Gas are required to comply with the terms of various permits, authorizations and licenses. These permits, authorizations and licenses may be revoked or modified by the agencies that granted them if facts develop that differ significantly from the facts assumed when they were issued. In addition, discharge permits and other approvals and licenses are often granted for a term that is less than the expected life of the associated facility. Licenses and permits may require periodic renewal, which may result in additional requirements being imposed by the granting agency.

Also, if we are unable to obtain, renew or comply with these governmental permits, authorizations or licenses, or if we are unable to recover any increased costs of complying with additional license requirements or any other associated costs in our rates in a timely manner, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.

Factors beyond our control could adversely affect project costs and completion of major construction projects.

We are in the process of constructing new renewable generation and adding environmental controls equipment to existing generating facilities. These types of large construction projects are subject to usual construction risks over which we will have limited or no control and which might adversely affect project costs and completion time. These risks include, but are not limited to, shortages of, the ability to obtain or the cost of labor or materials; the ability of the contractors to perform under their contracts; strikes; adverse weather conditions; the ability to obtain necessary operating permits in a timely manner; legal challenges; changes in applicable law or regulations; adverse interpretation or enforcement of permit conditions, laws and regulations by courts or the permitting agencies; other 

24

Wisconsin Energy Corporation

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS - (Cont'd)

2011 Form 10-K

governmental actions; and events in the global economy.

If we are unable to complete the development or construction of a facility or decide to delay or cancel construction, we may not be able to recover our investment in the facility and may incur substantial cancellation payments under equipment and construction contracts. Even if a construction project is completed, the total costs may be higher than estimated and/or higher than amounts approved by our regulators, and there is no guarantee that we will be allowed to recover these costs in rates. In addition, construction delays can result in the delay of revenues and, therefore, could affect our results of operations.

We estimate that the final cost of the Oak Creek expansion is approximately $181 million, or 8.3%, over the amount initially approved by the PSCW, of which our share is approximately $154 million. This additional amount includes the amounts payable to Bechtel Power Corporation (Bechtel) pursuant to the Settlement Agreement. The order approving the Oak Creek expansion provides that if final costs are within 5% of the costs initially approved by the PSCW, and the additional costs are deemed to be prudent by the PSCW, the final lease payments for the Oak Creek expansion to be recovered from Wisconsin Electric's ratepayers would be adjusted to reflect the actual construction costs. Costs above the 5% cap would not be included in lease payments or recovered from customers absent a finding by the PSCW that such costs were prudently incurred and were the result of force majeure conditions, an excused event and/or an event of loss. In addition, the leases provided for a guaranteed in-service date of September 29, 2009 for OC 1 and September 29, 2010 for OC 2, and imposed liquidated damages of $250,000 per day, of which Elm Road Generating Station Supercritical, LLC's (ERGSS) share is approximately $208,350 per day, for failure to achieve the guaranteed in-service date unless the delays resulted from force majeure conditions or an excused event. ERGSS is entitled to receive its share of liquidated damages from Bechtel for each day Bechtel failed to achieve the same guaranteed in-service dates, unless the delays resulted from force majeure conditions or an excused event. Bechtel was granted total schedule relief of 120 days for OC 1 and 81 days for OC 2. All liquidated damages collected are for the benefit of Wisconsin Electric's customers. There is no guarantee that the PSCW will grant ERGSS the same schedule relief. In light of the weather delays incurred on the project and other factors, we expect to request authorization from the PSCW to recover all costs associated with the units and to grant relief from liquidated damages. If the PSCW does not allow Wisconsin Electric to collect our share of the additional costs or grant ERGSS the same schedule relief, our results of operations could be adversely affected.

Customer growth in our service areas affects our results of operations.

Our results of operations are affected by customer growth in our service areas. Customer growth can be affected by population growth as well as economic factors in Wisconsin and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, including job and income growth. Customer growth directly influences the demand for electricity and gas, and the need for additional power generation and generating facilities. Population declines and/or business closings in our service territories or slower than anticipated customer growth has a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flow.

Energy sales are impacted by seasonal factors and varying weather conditions from year-to-year.

Our electric and gas utility businesses are generally seasonal businesses. Demand for electricity is greater in the summer and winter months associated with cooling and heating. In addition, demand for natural gas peaks in the winter heating season. As a result, our overall results in the future may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis. In addition, we have historically had lower revenues and net income when weather conditions are milder. Our rates in Wisconsin are set by the PSCW based on estimated temperatures which approximate 20-year averages. Mild temperatures during the summer cooling season and during the winter heating season will negatively impact the results of operations and cash flows of our electric utility business. In addition, mild temperatures during the winter heating season negatively impact the results of operations and cash flows of our gas utility business.

Severe weather events, such as floods, droughts, tornadoes and blizzards, could result in substantial damage to or limit the operation of our facilities.

Severe weather events could result in substantial damage to our electric generating and gas distribution facilities, as well as ATC's transmission lines. Our hydroelectric generation operations could be adversely affected if there is a significant change in water levels in their respective waterways. In addition, a significant reduction in water levels in waterways that supply cooling water to our coal- and natural gas-fired power plants, whether by drought or otherwise, could restrict or prevent the operation of such facilities.

25

Wisconsin Energy Corporation

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS - (Cont'd)

2011 Form 10-K

In the event we experience any of these weather events or other natural disaster, recovery of any costs in excess of any reserves or applicable insurance is subject to the approval of the PSCW and/or MPSC. There is no guarantee that we will be allowed to fully recover any such costs or that cost recovery will not be delayed or otherwise conditioned. Any denial or delay in recovery of any such costs could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.

In addition, damages resulting from severe weather events within our service territories may result in the loss of customers and reduced demand for electricity and natural gas for extended periods. Any significant loss of customers or reduction in demand could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.

Our financial performance may be adversely affected if we are unable to successfully operate our facilities.

Our financial performance depends on the successful operation of our electric generating and gas distribution facilities. Operation of these facilities involves many risks, including: operator error and breakdown or failure of equipment processes; fuel supply interruptions; labor disputes; operating limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements; or catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, explosions, floods or other similar occurrences. Unplanned outages can result in additional maintenance expenses as well as incremental replacement power costs. A decrease in revenues from these facilities or an increase in operating costs could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.

We are a holding company and rely on the earnings of our subsidiaries to meet our financial obligations.

As a holding company, our ability to meet our financial obligations and pay dividends on our common stock is dependent upon the ability of our subsidiaries to pay amounts to us, whether through dividends or other payments. The ability of our subsidiaries to pay amounts to us will depend on the earnings, cash flows, capital requirements and general financial condition of our subsidiaries and on regulatory limitations. Prior to distributing cash to Wisconsin Energy, our subsidiaries have financial obligations that must be satisfied, including among others, debt service and preferred stock dividends. Our subsidiaries also have dividend payment restrictions based on the terms of their outstanding preferred stock and regulatory limitations applicable to them. In addition, each of the bank back-up credit facilities for Wisconsin Energy, Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Gas have specified total funded debt to capitalization ratios that must be maintained. Wisconsin Energy's subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no obligation to provide us with funds for our payment obligations.

An increase in natural gas costs could negatively impact our electric and gas utility operations.

Wisconsin Electric burns natural gas in several of its peaking power plants and in PWGS 1 and PWGS 2, and as a supplemental fuel at several coal-fired plants. In many instances the cost of purchased power is tied to the cost of natural gas. Disruption in the supply of natural gas due to a curtailment in production or distribution can increase the cost of natural gas, as can international market conditions and demand for natural gas. Higher natural gas costs can have the effect of increasing demand for other sources of fuel thereby increasing the costs of those fuels as well.

For Wisconsin customers, Wisconsin Electric bears the risk for the recovery of fuel and purchased power costs within a symmetrical two percent fuel tolerance band compared to the forecast of fuel and purchased power costs established in its rate structure. Our gas distribution business receives dollar for dollar recovery of the cost of natural gas, subject to tolerance bands and prudency review. However, increased natural gas costs increase the risk that customers will switch to alternative sources of fuel or reduce their usage, which could reduce future gas margins. In addition, an increase in natural gas costs combined with slower economic conditions could also expose us to greater risks of accounts receivable write-offs as more customers are unable to pay their bills. Additionally, high natural gas costs increase our working capital requirements.

We may not be able to obtain an adequate supply of coal, which could limit our ability to operate our coal-fired facilities.

We are dependent on coal for much of our electric generating capacity. Although we currently have an adequate supply of coal at our coal-fired facilities, there can be no assurance that we will continue to have an adequate supply of coal in the future. While we have coal supply and transportation contracts in place, there can be no assurance that the counterparties to these agreements will be able to fulfill their obligations to supply coal to us. The suppliers under these agreements may experience financial or operational problems that inhibit their ability to fulfill 

26

Wisconsin Energy Corporation

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS - (Cont'd)

2011 Form 10-K

their obligations to us. In addition, suppliers under these agreements may not be required to supply coal to us under certain circumstances, such as in the event of a natural disaster. Furthermore, international demand for coal can impact its availability and cost. If we significantly reduce our inventory of coal and are unable to obtain our coal requirements under our coal supply and transportation contracts, we may be required to purchase coal at higher prices, or we may be forced to reduce generation at our coal units and replace this lost generation from higher cost generating resources or through additional power purchases in the MISO Energy Markets.

Acts of terrorism could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Our electric generation and gas distribution facilities, including the facilities of third parties on which we rely, could be targets of terrorist activities. A terrorist attack on our facilities (or those of third parties) could result in a full or partial disruption of our ability to generate, transmit, transport, purchase or distribute electricity or natural gas or cause environmental repercussions. Any operational disruption or environmental repercussions could result in a significant decrease in our revenues or significant reconstruction or remediation costs, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

We could be the subject of cyber intrusions that disrupt our electric generation and gas distribution operations and/or result in security breaches that expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of confidential and proprietary information, litigation and potential liability.

Cyber intrusions, including those targeting the electronic control systems used at our generating facilities and for the electric and gas distribution systems, could result in a full or partial disruption of our electric generation and/or gas distribution operations. Any disruption of these operations could result in a loss of service to customers and a significant decrease in revenues, as well as significant expense to repair system damage and remedy security breaches. Furthermore, we may need to obtain more expensive purchased power to meet customer demand for electricity if our electric generating facilities are unable to operate at full capacity as a result of a cyber intrusion. Any resulting loss of revenue or increase in expense could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.

In addition, any theft, loss and/or fraudulent use of customer, stockholder, employee or proprietary data as a result of cyber intrusion or otherwise could subject us to significant litigation, liability and costs, as well as adversely impact our reputation with customers, stockholders and regulators, among others.

As cyber attacks become more sophisticated generally, we may be required to incur significant costs to strengthen our information and electronic control systems from outside intrusions and/or to obtain insurance coverage related to the threat of such attacks.

Wisconsin Electric could be subject to higher costs and penalties as a result of mandatory reliability standards.

Wisconsin Electric is subject to mandatory reliability and critical infrastructure protection standards established by the North American Electric Reliability Corporation. The critical infrastructure protection standards focus on controlling access to critical and physical and cybersecurity assets. Compliance with the mandatory reliability standards could subject Wisconsin Electric to higher operating costs. If Wisconsin Electric is found to be in noncompliance with the mandatory reliability standards, it could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties.

A downgrade in the credit ratings of WEC or any of its subsidiaries could negatively affect their ability to access capital at reasonable costs and/or require the posting of collateral.

There are a number of factors that impact Wisconsin Energy's and its subsidiaries' credit ratings, including, without limitation, capital structure, regulatory environment, the ability to cover liquidity requirements, and other requirements for capital. Wisconsin Energy or any of its subsidiaries could experience a downgrade in their ratings if the rating agencies determine that the level of business or financial risk of the industry or Wisconsin Energy and/or its subsidiaries has deteriorated. Changes in rating methodologies by the rating agencies could also have a negative impact on credit ratings. If Wisconsin Energy or its subsidiaries are downgraded by the rating agencies, their borrowing costs could increase, funding sources could decrease and, for any downgrade to below investment grade, collateral requirements may be triggered in several contracts.

27

Wisconsin Energy Corporation

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS - (Cont'd)

2011 Form 10-K

Failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce could adversely impact our results of operations.

Events such as an aging workforce without appropriate replacements may lead to operating challenges or increased costs. These operating challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge and a lengthy time period associated with skill development. Failure to hire and obtain replacement employees, including the ability to transfer significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to the new employees, may adversely affect our ability to manage and operate our business. If we are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, our results of operations could be adversely affected.

The use of derivative contracts could result in financial losses.

We use derivative instruments such as swaps, options, futures and forwards to manage commodity and, to a much lesser extent, interest rate exposures. We could recognize financial losses as a result of volatility in the market value of these contracts or if a counterparty fails to perform. These risks are managed through risk management policies, which might not work as planned and cannot entirely eliminate the risks associated with these activities. In addition, although the hedging programs of Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Gas must be approved by the PSCW, derivative contracts entered into for hedging purposes might not offset the underlying exposure being hedged as expected, resulting in financial losses. In the absence of actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the value of these financial instruments can involve management's judgment or use of estimates. Changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the value of the reported fair value of these contracts.

The Dodd-Frank Act could impact our use of over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives. Regulations to implement the Dodd-Frank Act could impose additional requirements on the use of OTC derivatives, which could affect both the use and cost of OTC derivatives. The impact, if any, cannot be determined until the regulations are finalized.

Our revenues could be negatively impacted by competitive activity in the wholesale electricity markets.

FERC rules related to transmission are designed to facilitate competition in the wholesale electricity markets among regulated utilities, non-utility generators, wholesale power marketers and brokers by providing greater flexibility and more choices to wholesale customers, including initiatives designed to encourage the integration of renewable sources of supply. In addition, along with transactions contemplating physical delivery of energy, futures contracts and derivatives are traded on various commodities exchanges. We currently cannot predict the impact of these developments or the effect of changes in levels of wholesale supply and demand, which are driven by factors beyond our control.

Restructuring in the regulated energy industry could have a negative impact on our business.

The regulated energy industry continues to experience significant structural changes. Increased competition in the retail and wholesale markets, which may result from restructuring efforts, could have a significant adverse financial impact on us. It is uncertain when retail access might be implemented in Wisconsin; however, Michigan has adopted retail choice which allows customers to choose their own electric generation supplier. Although competition and customer switching to alternative suppliers in our service territories in Michigan has been limited, the additional competitive pressures resulting from retail access could lead to a loss of customers and our incurring stranded costs.

FERC continues to support the existing RTOs that affect the structure of the wholesale market within those RTOs. In connection with its status as a FERC approved RTO, MISO implemented bid-based energy markets that are part of the MISO Energy Markets. The MISO Energy Markets rules require that all market participants submit day-ahead and/or real-time bids and offers for energy at locations across the MISO region. MISO then calculates the most efficient solution for all of the bids and offers made into the market that day and establishes a Locational Marginal Price (LMP) that reflects the market price for energy. As a participant in the MISO Energy Markets, we are required to follow MISO's instructions when dispatching generating units to support MISO's responsibility for maintaining stability of the transmission system. MISO also implemented an Ancillary Services Market for operating reserves that was simultaneously co-optimized with its existing energy markets.

These market designs have the potential to increase the costs of transmission, the costs associated with inefficient 

28

Wisconsin Energy Corporation

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS - (Cont'd)

2011 Form 10-K

generation dispatching, the costs of participation in the market and the costs associated with estimated payment settlements.

Risks Related to Legislation and Regulation

We may face significant costs of compliance with existing and future environmental regulations.

Our operations are subject to extensive environmental legislation and regulation by state and federal environmental agencies governing, among other things, air emissions such as Carbon Dioxide (CO
2

), SO
2

, NO
x

, fine particulates and mercury; water discharges; and management of hazardous, toxic and solid wastes and substances. We incur significant expenditures in complying with these environmental requirements, including expenditures for the installation of pollution control equipment, environmental monitoring, emissions fees and permits at all of our facilities. In April 2003, Wisconsin Electric reached a Consent Decree with the EPA to significantly reduce air emissions from its coal-fired generating facilities. Through the end of 2011, we had invested approximately 
$1.0 billion
 to comply with the Consent Decree. The total cost of implementing the Consent Decree is currently estimated to be approximately 
$1.1 billion
 over the ten year period ending 2013.

Several new environmental regulations have recently been proposed or adopted, including the EPA's Cross-State Air Pollution Rule (CSAPR), the Mercury and Air Toxics Standards (MATS) rule (also referred to as the utility Maximum Achievable Control Technology (MACT) rule) and new SO
2

 National Ambient Air Quality Standards. Various petitioners have requested judicial and administrative review of many of these regulations, including CSAPR. The December 30, 2011 decision of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia to grant a motion to stay CSAPR, which was scheduled to become effective on January 1, 2012, adds substantial uncertainty as to what capital expenditures may be required to comply with new environmental regulations. Despite this uncertainty, we currently estimate the capital expenditures necessary to comply with these new environmental regulations, including the utility MACT rule, over the three year period ending 2014 could be up to $16 million more than the estimated cost of implementing the Consent Decree. These costs are included in the table under "Capital Expenditures" in the Liquidity and Capital Resources section of Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Existing environmental regulations may be revised or new laws or regulations may be adopted at the federal or state level which could result in significant additional expenditures, operating restrictions on our facilities and increased compliance costs. In addition, the operation of emission control equipment and further regulations on our intake and discharge of water could increase our operating costs and could reduce the generating capacity of our power plants.

In the event we are not able to recover all of our environmental expenditures from our customers in the future, our results of operations could be adversely affected.

Environmental legislation and regulation and the related compliance costs could affect future unit retirement and replacement decisions, and could result in some of our coal-fired generating units being retired or converted to an alternative type of fuel. In order to comply with new environmental requirements we are currently exploring different alternatives with regard to the Presque Isle Power Plant in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan and the VAPP in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. We have committed to convert the VAPP from coal to natural gas if we are able to determine that such conversion will have a direct economic benefit to our customers and we receive approval from the PSCW. Costs associated with these potential actions could affect our results of operations and financial condition.

Our electric and gas utility businesses are also subject to significant liabilities related to the investigation and remediation of environmental contamination at certain of our current and former facilities, and at third-party owned sites. Due to the potential for imposition of stricter standards and greater regulation in the future and the possibility that other potentially responsible parties may not be financially able to contribute to cleanup costs, conditions may change or additional contamination may be discovered, our remediation costs could increase, and the timing of our capital and/or operating expenditures in the future may accelerate.

We may also be subject to potential liability in connection with the environmental condition of the facilities that we have previously owned and operated, regardless of whether the liabilities arose before, during or after the time we owned or operated the facilities. If we fail (or failed) to comply with environmental laws and regulations or cause (or caused) harm to the environment or persons, that failure or harm may result in the assessment of civil penalties and 

29

Wisconsin Energy Corporation

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS - (Cont'd)

2011 Form 10-K

damages against us. The incurrence of a material environmental liability or a material judgment in any action for personal injury or property damage related to environmental matters could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

Energy conservation and rate increases could negatively impact financial results.

Wisconsin and Michigan have adopted energy efficiency targets to reduce energy consumption by certain dates. To the extent there is any regulatory lag to adjust rates as a result of reduced sales from effective conservation measures, these measures could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows.

In addition, any higher costs that are collected through rates could contribute to reduced demand for electricity, natural gas or steam, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.

We may face significant costs if coal combustion products are regulated as hazardous waste.

We currently have a program of beneficial utilization for substantially all of our coal combustion products, including fly ash, bottom ash and gypsum, which minimizes the need for disposal in specially-designed landfills. Both Wisconsin and Michigan have regulations governing the use and disposal of these materials. In June 2010, the EPA issued draft rules for public comment proposing two alternative rules for regulating coal combustion products. One of the proposed rules classifies the materials as hazardous waste. We submitted comments on the proposed rules in 2010. The EPA also issued a Notice of Data Availability (NODA) in October 2011, and we submitted comments on the NODA in November 2011. If coal combustion products are classified as hazardous waste, it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue our current program.

If coal combustion products are classified as hazardous waste and we terminate our coal combustion products utilization program, we could be required to dispose of the coal combustion products at a significant cost to the Company, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.

In addition, the EPA finalized the Commercial and Industrial Solid Waste Incineration Units rule under the Clean Air Act (CAA), and finalized a Non-Hazardous Secondary Materials Rule. Both of these rules have the potential to negatively affect our ability to reburn coal ash from power plants and landfills.

We may face significant costs to comply with the regulation of greenhouse gas emissions.

The regulation of greenhouse gas emissions through legislation and regulation has been, and continues to be, a focus of the President and his administration. Although legislation that would impose mandatory requirements related to greenhouse gas emissions, renewable energy standards and/or energy efficiency standards has failed to pass in the U.S. Congress, we expect such legislation to be considered in the future. Although we cannot currently predict with any certainty what form these future regulations will take, the stringency of the regulations or when they will become effective, we do believe that future governmental legislation and/or regulation may require us to limit or control greenhouse gas emissions from our operations, purchase allowances for such emissions or otherwise incur costs in connection with such emissions.

While climate legislation has yet to be adopted, the EPA is pursuing regulation of greenhouse gas emissions using its existing authority under the CAA. In December 2009, the EPA issued its endangerment finding related to greenhouse gas emissions, which set in motion a regulatory process that has led to the regulation of greenhouse gas emissions from stationary sources, including electric generating units. In March 2010, the EPA issued regulations governing the applicability of the CAA's permitting requirements for greenhouse gas emissions from facilities, including electric generating units. These rules became applicable to sources that are already subject to CAA permitting requirements, as well as new and modified sources, during 2011. Additionally, the EPA plans to propose new source performance standards pertaining to greenhouse gas emissions from certain new or modified coal-fired power plants by the end of May 2012. Regulation of greenhouse gas emissions from power plants may negatively impact our ability to perform maintenance or modify our existing facilities, and permit new facilities. Depending on the extent of rate recovery and other factors, these rules could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition.

Legislation to regulate greenhouse gas emissions and establish renewable and efficiency standards has also been considered on the state level. The state of Michigan has enacted legislation that calls for the implementation of a 

30

Wisconsin Energy Corporation

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS - (Cont'd)

2011 Form 10-K

renewable portfolio standard by 2015 and energy optimization (efficiency) targets up to 1% annually by 2015. The state of Wisconsin has adopted its own renewable portfolio standard and energy optimization targets. Although the Wisconsin legislature ultimately did not pass a legislative proposal to increase Wisconsin's renewable portfolio standard and energy optimization targets, there is no guarantee the legislature will not consider similar legislation in the future.

Some states and environmental groups are also bringing lawsuits against electric utilities and others to force reductions in greenhouse gas emissions based upon their contribution to the alleged public nuisance of climate change. On June 20, 2011, in 
Connecticut v. American Electric Power Co.
, however, the United States Supreme Court ruled that the plaintiffs in that litigation did not have standing to claim nuisance due to the release of greenhouse gas into the atmosphere by the defendants, and the plaintiffs have since voluntarily dismissed their remaining claims. Similar cases are pending in other courts.

There is no guarantee that we will be allowed to fully recover costs incurred to comply with any future legislation, regulation or order that requires a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions or that cost recovery will not be delayed or otherwise conditioned. Any cap-and-trade or greenhouse gas tax program that may be adopted, either at the federal or state level, or other legislation, regulation or order designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions could have a material adverse impact on our electric generation and natural gas distribution operations. Such regulation could make some of our electric generating units uneconomic to maintain or operate, and could adversely affect our future results of operations, cash flows and possibly financial condition if such costs are not recovered through regulated rates.

We continue to monitor the legislative, regulatory and legal developments in this area. Although we expect the regulation of greenhouse gas emissions to have a material impact on our operations and rates, we believe it is premature to attempt to quantify the possible costs of the impacts.

Provisions of the Wisconsin Utility Holding Company Act limit our ability to invest in non-utility businesses and could deter takeover attempts by a potential purchaser of our common stock that would be willing to pay a premium for our common stock.

Under the Wisconsin Utility Holding Company Act, we remain subject to certain restrictions that have the potential of limiting our diversification into non-utility businesses. Under the Act, the sum of certain assets of all non-utility affiliates in a holding company system may not exceed 25% of the assets of all public utility affiliates in the system.

In addition, the Act precludes the acquisition of 10% or more of the voting shares of a holding company of a Wisconsin public utility unless the PSCW has first determined that the acquisition is in the best interests of utility customers, investors and the public. This provision and other requirements of the Act may delay or reduce the likelihood of a sale or change of control of Wisconsin Energy. As a result, stockholders may be deprived of opportunities to sell some or all of their shares of our common stock at prices that represent a premium over market prices.

Risks Related to Economic and Market Volatility

Our business is dependent on our ability to successfully access capital markets.

We rely on access to short-term and long-term capital markets to support our capital expenditures and other capital requirements, including expenditures for our utility infrastructure and to comply with future regulatory requirements. We have historically secured funds from a variety of sources, including the issuance of short-term and long-term debt securities and common stock. Successful implementation of our long-term business strategies is dependent upon our ability to access the capital markets, including the banking and commercial paper markets, under competitive terms and rates. In addition, we rely on committed bank credit agreements as back-up liquidity which allows us to access the low cost commercial paper markets. If our access to any of these markets were limited, or our cost of capital significantly increased, due to a rating downgrade, an economic downturn or uncertainty, prevailing market conditions, concerns over foreign economic conditions and/or the ability of foreign governments and central banks to respond to changing economic conditions, a negative view of the utility industry, failures of financial institutions or other factors, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.

31

Wisconsin Energy Corporation

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS - (Cont'd)

2011 Form 10-K

We are exposed to risks related to general economic conditions in our service territories.

Our electric and gas utility businesses are impacted by economic cycles and the competitiveness of the customers we serve. As the demand for products produced in our service area declines, we ordinarily experience reduced demand for electricity and/or natural gas. During 2011, our service territory experienced growth, but future growth could be impacted by the overall economy in our service territories. If the economic conditions in our service territories and/or demand for products produced in our service area does not continue to improve or declines again, we could experience a reduction in demand for electricity and/or natural gas that could result in decreased earnings and cash flow. We would also expect our collections of accounts receivable to be adversely impacted.

Poor investment performance of pension plan holdings and other factors impacting pension plan costs could unfavorably impact our liquidity and results of operations.

Our cost of providing defined benefit pension plans is dependent upon a number of factors including actual plan experience and assumptions concerning the future, such as earnings on plan assets, discount rates, the level of interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels of the plans, future government regulation and our required or voluntary contributions to be made to the plans. Plan assets are subject to market fluctuations and may yield returns that fall below projected return rates. A decline in the market value of these assets, as experienced in prior periods, may increase our funding requirements. Changes in interest rates affect plan liabilities - as rates decrease, the liabilities increase, which could increase our funding requirements. Changes in demographics, such as an increase in the number of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions, may also increase our funding requirements. Changes made to the plans may also impact current and future pension costs. These additional funding obligations could have a material adverse impact on our cash flows, financial condition or results of operations.

Our ability to obtain insurance and the terms of any available insurance coverage could be adversely affected by international, national, state or local events and company-specific events, as well as the financial condition of insurers. Our insurance coverage may not provide protection against all significant losses.

Our ability to obtain insurance, as well as the cost and coverage of such insurance, could be affected by developments affecting our business, as well as by international, national, state or local events, as well as the financial condition of insurers. Insurance coverage may not continue to be available at all or at rates or terms similar to those presently available to us. A loss for which we are not fully insured could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, our insurance may not be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which we may be subject.