Our business is significantly impacted by governmental regulation.

We are subject to significant state, local and federal governmental regulation. We are subject to the regulation of the PSCW as to retail electric, gas and steam rates in the State of Wisconsin, standards of service, issuance of securities, short-term debt obligations, construction of certain new facilities, transactions with affiliates, billing practices and various other matters. In addition, we are subject to the regulation of the MPSC as to the various matters associated with retail electric service in the state of Michigan, except as to the issuance of securities in the ordinary course of business, construction of certain new facilities, levels of short-term debt obligations and advance approval of transactions with affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Further, Wisconsin Electric's hydroelectric facilities are regulated by FERC, and FERC also regulates our wholesale power service practices and electric reliability requirements. Our significant level of regulation imposes restrictions on our operations and causes us to incur substantial compliance costs.

We are obligated to comply in good faith with all applicable governmental rules and regulations. If it is determined that we failed to comply with any applicable rules or regulations, whether through new interpretations or applications of the regulations or otherwise, we may be liable for customer refunds, penalties and other amounts, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

We estimate that within our regulated energy segment, approximately 88% of our electric revenues are regulated by the PSCW, 7% are regulated by the MPSC and the balance of our electric revenues is regulated by FERC. All of our natural gas and steam revenues are regulated by the PSCW. Our ability to obtain rate adjustments in the future is dependent upon regulatory action, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain rate adjustments in the future that will allow us to recover our costs and expenses and to maintain our current authorized rates of return. 

We believe we have obtained the necessary permits, approvals and certificates for our existing operations and that our respective businesses are conducted in accordance with applicable laws; however, the impact of any future revision or changes in interpretations of existing regulations or the adoption of new laws and regulations applicable to us cannot be predicted. Changes in regulation, interpretations of regulations or the imposition of additional regulations could influence our operating environment and may result in substantial compliance costs.

Factors beyond our control could adversely affect project costs and completion of OC 2 and other construction projects.

Under our PTF strategy, we expect to meet a significant portion of our future generation needs through the construction of two 545 MW natural gas-fired generating units at PWGS and two 615 MW coal-fired generating units (of which we own 515 MW each) located adjacent to our existing Oak Creek Power Plant. PWGS 1 and PWGS 2, which have a dependable capability of 545 MW each, were placed in service in July 2005 and May 2008, respectively. OC 1 was placed into service on February 2, 2010. Bechtel is targeting the commercial operation of OC 2 by the end of August 2010.

Large construction projects of this type, as well as the construction of renewable energy generation and environmental improvements, are subject to usual construction risks over which we will have limited or no control and which might adversely affect project costs and completion time. These risks include, but are not limited to, shortages of, the ability to obtain or the cost of labor or materials; the ability of the general contractor or subcontractors to perform under their contracts; strikes; adverse weather conditions; the ability to obtain necessary operating permits in a timely manner; legal challenges; changes in applicable law or regulations; adverse interpretation or enforcement of permit conditions, laws and regulations by courts or the permitting agencies; other governmental actions; and events in the global economy. 

Upon commencement of the commissioning of OC 2, we will be selling test power into the MISO Energy Markets. The amount we receive for the sale of this power will be affected by the market price for energy at the time of sale. 

If final costs of the Oak Creek expansion are within 5% of the costs initially approved by the PSCW, and the additional costs are deemed to be prudent by the PSCW, the final lease payments for the Oak Creek expansion to be recovered from Wisconsin Electric's ratepayers would be adjusted to reflect the actual construction costs. Costs above the 5% cap would not be included in lease payments or recovered from customers absent a finding by the PSCW that such costs were prudently incurred and were the result of force majeure conditions, an excused event and/or an event of loss.

 27

In December 2008, Bechtel, the contractor of the Oak Creek expansion under a fixed price contract, submitted claims for schedule and cost relief related to the delay of the in-service dates for OC 1 and OC 2. Through an amended claim filed on October 30, 2009, Bechtel was seeking cost relief of $517.5 million and seven months of relief from liquidated damages for OC 1 and four months of relief for OC 2. These claims, as well as claims submitted by ERS, had been submitted to binding arbitration. Effective December 16, 2009, ERS and Bechtel entered into the Settlement Agreement to resolve these claims, under which, among other things, ERS will pay to Bechtel $72 million. If the PSCW does not allow Wisconsin Electric to collect our share of this settlement in rates, as well as other additional amounts incurred above the costs initially approved by the PSCW, our results of operations could be adversely affected.

We face significant costs of compliance with existing and future environmental regulations. 

Our operations are subject to extensive environmental regulations by state and federal environmental agencies governing, among other things, air emissions such as CO2, SO
2, NO
x, fine particulates and mercury; water discharges and management of hazardous, toxic and solid wastes and substances. We incur significant expenditures in complying with these environmental requirements, including expenditures for the installation of pollution control equipment, environmental monitoring, emissions fees and permits at all of our facilities.

Existing environmental regulations may be revised or new laws or regulations may be adopted which could result in significant additional expenditures, operating restrictions on our facilities and increased compliance costs. In addition, the operation of emission control equipment and further regulations on our intake and discharge of water could increase our operating costs and could reduce the generating capacity of our power plants. In the event we are not able to recover all of our environmental expenditures from our customers in the future, our results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our electric and gas utility businesses are also subject to significant liabilities related to the investigation and remediation of environmental contamination at certain of our current and former facilities, and at third-party owned sites. Due to the potential for imposition of stricter standards and greater regulation in the future and the possibility that other potentially responsible parties may not be financially able to contribute to cleanup costs, conditions may change or additional contamination may be discovered, our remediation costs could increase, and the timing of our capital and/or operating expenditures in the future may accelerate.

In addition, we may also be subject to potential liability in connection with the environmental condition of the facilities that we have previously owned and operated, regardless of whether the liabilities arose before, during or after the time we owned or operated the facilities. If we fail (or failed) to comply with environmental laws and regulations or cause (or caused) harm to the environment or persons, even if caused by factors beyond our control, that failure or harm may result in the assessment of civil or criminal penalties and damages against us. The incurrence of a material environmental liability or a material judgment in any action for personal injury or property damage related to environmental matters could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

We could face significant costs if coal ash is regulated as a hazardous waste.

We currently have a successful program of beneficial utilization for substantially all of our coal combustion products, including fly ash, bottom ash and synthetic gypsum, which avoids the need for disposal in specially-designed landfills. Both Wisconsin and Michigan have regulations governing the use and disposal of these materials. Recently, however, the EPA stated it is considering classifying coal ash as hazardous waste. If coal ash is classified as hazardous waste, it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue our current program. Curtailing our program could result in the loss of a revenue stream that helps to offset the cost of pollution control equipment and the activities necessary to collect the coal ash.

In addition, if coal ash is classified as hazardous waste and we terminate our coal ash utilization program, we could be required to dispose of the coal ash at a significant cost to the Company.

We may face significant costs to comply with the regulation of greenhouse gas emissions.

Federal and state legislative and regulatory proposals have been introduced to regulate the emission of greenhouse gases, particularly CO2, and the President and his administration have made it clear that they are focused on reducing such emissions through legislation and/or regulation. In addition, there have been international efforts 

 28

seeking legally binding reductions in emissions of greenhouse gases.

We believe that future governmental legislation and/or regulation will require us either to limit greenhouse gas emissions from our operations or to purchase allowances for such emissions. However, we cannot currently predict with any certainty what form these future regulations will take, the stringency of the regulations or when they will become effective. Legislation continues to be considered in the United States Congress that would compel greenhouse gas emission reductions. The American Clean Energy and Security Act of 2009 passed the U.S. House of Representatives in June 2009. The bill, among other things, (i) establishes a federal renewable energy standard; (ii) permits energy efficiency measures to satisfy part of the renewable energy standard; and (iii) establishes a cap-and-trade program to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from various sectors of the economy, including electric and natural gas utilities. Similar legislation is currently being considered in the U.S. Senate, and could result in the passage of enforceable federal standards, such as a cap-and-trade program, governing greenhouse gas emissions.

Legislation to regulate greenhouse gases and establish renewable and efficiency standards is also being considered on the state level. The state of Michigan has enacted legislation that calls for the implementation of a renewable portfolio standard by 2015 and energy optimization (efficiency) targets up to 1% annually by 2015. The state of Wisconsin is currently considering similar legislation addressing renewable energy and efficiency standards. In addition, the Governors of both Michigan and Wisconsin have signed on to the "Midwestern Greenhouse Gas Reduction Accord" and the associated "platform" document developed through the Midwestern Governors Association. These state and regional initiatives could lead to legislation and regulation of greenhouse gas emissions that could be implemented sooner and/or independent of federal regulation, and could be more stringent than any federal legislation that is adopted. 

In addition to these federal and state legislative efforts, the EPA is pursuing regulation of greenhouse gases using its existing authority under the CAA. On December 7, 2009, the EPA issued its long-expected endangerment finding. This determination provides that the atmospheric mix of six greenhouse gases endanger public health and welfare. The determination specifically addresses only the contribution to air pollution of greenhouse gas emissions from motor vehicles and itself has no immediate regulatory effect. However, in combination with a separate EPA rulemaking that will establish limits on greenhouse gas emissions from new motor vehicles, the endangerment finding sets in motion a regulatory process that would likely lead to widespread regulation of greenhouse gas emissions from stationary sources, including electric generating units, absent legislative or other intervention by the Administration. Regulation of greenhouse gas emissions from power plants will impact our ability to do maintenance or modify our existing facilities, and permit new facilities.

In September 2009, the EPA issued two proposals intended to provide guidance on, and effectively change, how the CAA's existing permitting requirements could be applied to sources of greenhouse gas emissions in all sectors of the economy, including major stationary sources of air pollutants like electric generating plants. The endangerment finding, the regulation of greenhouse gas emissions from motor vehicles and these two additional proposals would provide a framework for the EPA to regulate greenhouse gas emissions from major sources under the CAA.

Some states and environmental groups are also bringing lawsuits against electric utilities and others to force reductions in greenhouse gas emissions. A decision in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit has made it easier for lawsuits to move forward based upon the alleged public nuisance of climate change. The Second Circuit ruled that the plaintiffs in that case have standing to file suit against six electric power corporations for their contribution to the alleged public nuisance of climate change, and that the court's jurisdiction over such lawsuit is not barred by the political question doctrine. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit reached a similar conclusion in another nuisance lawsuit involving climate change. Based on these recent decisions, this type of litigation may increase in frequency.

There is no guarantee that we will be allowed to fully recover costs incurred to comply with any future legislation, regulation or order that requires a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions or that cost recovery will not be delayed or otherwise conditioned. Any cap-and-trade program that may be adopted, either at the federal, state or regional level, or other legislation, regulation or order designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions could make some of our electric generating units uneconomic to maintain and could have a material adverse impact on our electric generation and natural gas distribution operations, cash flows and financial condition if such costs are not recovered through regulated rates. 

We continue to monitor the legislative, regulatory and legal developments in this area. Although we expect the regulation of greenhouse gas emissions to have a material impact on our operations and rates, we believe it is 

 29

premature to attempt to quantify the possible costs of the impacts.

Our business is dependent on our ability to successfully access capital markets.

We rely on access to short-term and long-term capital markets to support our capital expenditures and other capital requirements, including expenditures for our utility infrastructure and to comply with future regulatory requirements. We have historically secured funds from a variety of sources, including the issuance of short-term and long-term debt securities, preferred stock and common stock. Successful implementation of our long-term business strategies is dependent upon our ability to access the capital markets, including the banking and commercial paper markets, under competitive terms and rates. If our access to any of these markets were limited, or our cost of capital significantly increased due to a rating downgrade, prevailing market conditions, failures of financial institutions or other factors, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.

Acts of terrorism could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Our electric generation and gas transportation facilities, including the facilities of third parties on which we rely, could be targets of terrorist activities, including cyber terrorism. A terrorist attack on our facilities (or those of third parties) could result in a full or partial disruption of our ability to generate, transmit, transport, purchase or distribute electricity or natural gas or cause environmental repercussions. Any operational disruption or environmental repercussions could result in a significant decrease in our revenues or significant reconstruction or remediation costs, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

Energy sales are impacted by seasonal factors and varying weather conditions from year-to-year.

Our electric and gas utility businesses are generally seasonal businesses. Demand for electricity is greater in the summer and winter months associated with cooling and heating. In addition, demand for natural gas peaks in the winter heating season. As a result, our overall results in the future may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis. In addition, we have historically had lower revenues and net income when weather conditions are milder. Our rates in Wisconsin are set by the PSCW based on estimated temperatures which approximate 20-year averages. Mild temperatures during the summer cooling season and during the winter heating season will negatively impact the results of operations and cash flows of our electric utility business. In addition, mild temperatures during the winter heating season negatively impact the results of operations and cash flows of our gas utility business.

An increase in natural gas costs could negatively impact our electric and gas utility operations.

Wisconsin Electric burns natural gas in several of its peaking power plants and in PWGS 1 and PWGS 2, and as a supplemental fuel at several coal-fired plants. In many instances the cost of purchased power is tied to the cost of natural gas. In addition, higher natural gas costs also can have the effect of increasing demand for other sources of fuel thereby increasing the costs of those fuels as well. For Wisconsin customers, Wisconsin Electric bears the regulatory risk for the recovery of fuel and purchased power costs when those costs are higher than the forecast of fuel and purchased power costs used to determine the base rate established in its rate structure. Our gas distribution business receives dollar for dollar recovery of the cost of natural gas, subject to tolerance bands and prudency review. However, increased natural gas costs increase the risk that customers will switch to alternative sources of fuel or reduce their usage, which could reduce future gas margins. In addition, an increase in natural gas costs combined with slower economic conditions could also expose us to greater risks of accounts receivable write-offs as more customers are unable to pay their bills. Additionally, high natural gas costs increase our working capital requirements.

We may not be able to obtain an adequate supply of coal, which could limit our ability to operate our coal-fired facilities.

We are dependent on coal for much of our electric generating capacity. Although we currently have an adequate supply of coal at our coal-fired facilities, there can be no assurance that we will continue to have an adequate supply of coal in the future. While we have coal supply and transportation contracts in place, there can be no assurance that the counterparties to these agreements will be able to fulfill their obligations to supply coal to us. The suppliers under these agreements may experience financial or operational problems that inhibit their ability to fulfill their obligations to us. In addition, suppliers under these agreements may not be required to supply coal to us under certain circumstances, such as in the event of a natural disaster. If we significantly reduce our inventory of coal and 

 30

are unable to obtain our coal requirements under our coal supply and transportation contracts, we may be required to purchase coal at higher prices, or we may be forced to reduce generation at our coal units and replace this lost generation from higher cost generating resources or through additional power purchases in the MISO Energy Markets. 

Our financial performance may be adversely affected if we are unable to successfully operate our facilities.

Our financial performance depends on the successful operation of our electric generating and gas distribution facilities. Operation of these facilities involves many risks, including: operator error and breakdown or failure of equipment processes; fuel supply interruptions; labor disputes; operating limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements; or catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, explosions, floods or other similar occurrences. Unplanned outages can result in additional maintenance expenses as well as incremental replacement power costs. 

Poor investment performance of pension plan holdings and other factors impacting pension plan costs could unfavorably impact our liquidity and results of operations.

Our cost of providing defined benefit pension plans is dependent upon a number of factors including actual plan experience and assumptions concerning the future, such as earnings on plan assets, discount rates, the level of interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels of the plans, future government regulation and our required or voluntary contributions to be made to the plans. Changes made to the plans may also impact current and future pension costs. Depending upon the growth rate of the pension investments over time and other factors impacting our costs as listed above, we may be required to contribute significant additional amounts in the future to fund our plans. These additional funding obligations could have a material adverse impact on our cash flows, financial condition or results of operations.

We are exposed to risks related to general economic conditions in our service territories.

Our electric and gas utility businesses are impacted by the economic cycles of the customers we serve. As a result of the significant downturn in the economy during 2008 and 2009, we saw a deterioration in regional economic conditions. As the demand for products produced in our service area declines, we ordinarily experience reduced demand for electricity and/or natural gas. If the economic conditions in our service territories and/or demand for products produced in our service area does not continue to improve or declines again, we could experience a further reduction in demand for electricity and/or natural gas that could result in decreased earnings and cash flow. We would also expect our collections of accounts receivable to be adversely impacted. 

Customer growth in our service areas affects our results of operations.

Our results of operations are affected by customer growth in our service areas. Customer growth can be affected by population growth as well as economic factors in Wisconsin and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, including job and income growth. Customer growth directly influences the demand for electricity and gas, and the need for additional power generation and generating facilities. Population declines and/or business closings in our service territories or slower than anticipated customer growth as a result of the significant downturn in the economy during 2008 and 2009 or otherwise has, to a limited extent, and could continue to have, a material adverse impact on our cash flow, financial condition or results of operations.

We are a holding company and are subject to restrictions on our ability to pay dividends.

Wisconsin Energy is a holding company and has no significant operations of its own. Accordingly, our ability to meet our financial obligations and pay dividends on our common stock is dependent upon the ability of our subsidiaries to pay amounts to us, whether through dividends or other payments. The ability of our subsidiaries to pay amounts to us will depend on the earnings, cash flows, capital requirements and general financial condition of our subsidiaries and on regulatory limitations. Prior to distributing cash to Wisconsin Energy, our subsidiaries have financial obligations that must be satisfied, including among others, debt service and preferred stock dividends. Our subsidiaries also have dividend payment restrictions based on the terms of their outstanding preferred stock and regulatory limitations applicable to them. In addition, each of the bank back-up credit facilities for Wisconsin Energy, Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Gas have specified total funded debt to capitalization ratios that must be maintained.

 31

Provisions of the Wisconsin Utility Holding Company Act limit our ability to invest in non-utility businesses and could deter takeover attempts by a potential purchaser of our common stock that would be willing to pay a premium for our common stock.

Under the Wisconsin Utility Holding Company Act, we remain subject to certain restrictions that have the potential of limiting our diversification into non-utility businesses. Under the Act, the sum of certain assets of all non-utility affiliates in a holding company system may not exceed 25% of the assets of all public utility affiliates in the system. 

In addition, the Act precludes the acquisition of 10% or more of the voting shares of a holding company of a Wisconsin public utility unless the PSCW has first determined that the acquisition is in the best interests of utility customers, investors and the public. This provision and other requirements of the Act may delay or reduce the likelihood of a sale or change of control of Wisconsin Energy. As a result, shareholders may be deprived of opportunities to sell some or all of their shares of our common stock at prices that represent a premium over market prices.

Governmental agencies could modify our permits, authorizations or licenses.

Wisconsin Electric, Wisconsin Gas and Edison Sault are required to comply with the terms of various permits, authorizations and licenses. These permits, authorizations and licenses may be revoked or modified by the agencies that granted them if facts develop that differ significantly from the facts assumed when they were issued. In addition, discharge permits and other approvals and licenses are often granted for a term that is less than the expected life of the associated facility. Licenses and permits may require periodic renewal, which may result in additional requirements being imposed by the granting agency.

Also, if we are unable to obtain, renew or comply with these governmental permits, authorizations or licenses, or if we are unable to recover any increased costs of complying with additional license requirements or any other associated costs in our rates in a timely manner, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.

Restructuring in the regulated energy industry could have a negative impact on our business.

The regulated energy industry continues to experience significant structural changes. Increased competition in the retail and wholesale markets, which may result from restructuring efforts, could have a significant adverse financial impact on us. It is uncertain when retail access might be implemented in Wisconsin; however, Michigan has adopted retail choice which potentially affects our Michigan operations. Under retail access legislation, customers are permitted to choose their own electric generation supplier. All Michigan electric customers were able to choose their electric generation supplier beginning in January 2002. Although competition and customer switching to alternative suppliers in our service territories in Michigan has been limited, the additional competitive pressures resulting from retail access could lead to a loss of customers and our incurring stranded costs.

FERC continues to support the existing RTOs that affect the structure of the wholesale market within those RTOs. In connection with its status as a FERC approved RTO, MISO implemented the bid-based energy markets that are part of the MISO Energy Markets on April 1, 2005. The MISO Energy Markets rules require that all market participants submit day-ahead and/or real-time bids and offers for energy at locations across the MISO region. MISO then calculates the most efficient solution for all of the bids and offers made into the market that day and establishes a LMP that reflects the market price for energy. As a participant in the MISO Energy Markets, 
we are required to follow MISO's instructions when

dispatching generating units to support MISO's responsibility for maintaining stability of the transmission system. In addition, in January 2009, MISO implemented an Ancillary Services Market for operating reserves that was simultaneously co-optimized with MISO's existing energy markets. 

The new market designs have the potential to increase the costs of transmission, the costs associated with inefficient generation dispatching, the costs of participation in the market and the costs associated with estimated payment settlements. 

 32