related
to our operators’ revenues and expenses

Our operators’ revenues are primarily driven by
occupancy, private pay rates, and Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement, if
applicable. Expenses for these facilities are primarily driven by the costs of
labor, food, utilities, taxes, insurance and rent or debt service. Revenues
from government reimbursement have, and may continue to, come under pressure
due to reimbursement cuts and state budget shortfalls. Operating costs continue
to increase for our operators. To the extent that any decrease in revenues
and/or any increase in operating expenses result in a property not generating
enough cash to make payments to us, the credit of our operator and the value of
other collateral would have to be relied upon. To the extent the value of such
property is reduced, we may need to record an impairment for such asset.
Furthermore, if we determine to dispose of an underperforming property, such
sale may result in a loss. Any such impairment or loss on sale would negatively
affect our financial results.

The continued weakened economy may have an adverse
effect on our operators and tenants, including their ability to access credit
or maintain occupancy and/or private pay rates. If the operations, cash flows
or financial condition of our operators are materially adversely impacted by
economic conditions, our revenue and operations may be adversely affected.

Increased competition may affect our operators’ ability
to meet their obligations to

us 

The operators of our properties compete on a local and
regional basis with operators of properties and other health care providers
that provide comparable services. We cannot be certain that the operators of
all of our facilities will be able to achieve and maintain occupancy and rate
levels that will enable them to meet all of their obligations to us. Our
operators are expected to encounter increased competition in the future that
could limit their ability to attract residents or expand their businesses.

Risk factors related to obligor bankruptcies

We are exposed to the risk that our obligors may not
be able to meet the rent, principal and interest or other payments due us,
which may result in an obligor bankruptcy or insolvency, or that an obligor
might become subject to bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings for other reasons.
Although our operating lease agreements provide us with the right to evict a
tenant, demand immediate payment of rent and exercise other remedies, and our
loans provide us with the right to terminate any funding obligation, demand
immediate repayment of principal and unpaid interest, foreclose on the
collateral and exercise other remedies, the bankruptcy and insolvency laws
afford certain rights to a party that has filed for bankruptcy or
reorganization. An obligor in bankruptcy or subject to insolvency proceedings
may be able to limit or delay our ability to collect unpaid rent in the case of
a lease or to receive unpaid principal and interest in the case of a loan, and
to exercise other rights and remedies.

We may be required to fund certain expenses (e.g.,
real estate taxes and maintenance) to preserve the value of an investment
property, avoid the imposition of liens on a property and/or transition a
property to a new tenant. In some instances, we have terminated our lease with
a tenant and relet the property to another tenant. In some of those situations,
we have provided working capital loans to and limited indemnification of the
new obligor. If we cannot transition a leased property to a new tenant, we may
take possession of that property, which may expose us to certain successor
liabilities. Should such events occur, our revenue and operating cash flow may
be adversely affected.

Transfers of health care facilities may require
regulatory approvals and these

facilities
may not have efficient alternative uses

Transfers of health care facilities to successor
operators frequently are subject to regulatory approvals or notifications,
including, but not limited to, change of ownership approvals under certificate
of need (“CON”) or determination of need laws, state licensure laws and
Medicare and Medicaid provider arrangements, that are not required for
transfers of other types of real estate. The replacement of a health care
facility operator could be delayed by the approval process of any federal,
state or local agency necessary for the transfer of the facility or the
replacement of the operator licensed to manage the facility. Alternatively,
given the specialized nature of our facilities, we may be required to spend
substantial time and funds to adapt these properties to other uses. If we are
unable 

29

to timely transfer properties to successor
operators or find efficient alternative uses, our revenue and operations may be
adversely affected.

Risk factors related to government regulations

Some of our obligors’ businesses are affected by
government reimbursement. To the extent that an operator/tenant receives a
significant portion of its revenues from government payors, primarily Medicare
and Medicaid, such revenues may be subject to statutory and regulatory changes,
retroactive rate adjustments, recovery of program overpayments or set-offs,
court decisions, administrative rulings, policy interpretations, payment or
other delays by fiscal intermediaries or carriers, government funding
restrictions (at a program level or with respect to specific facilities) and
interruption or delays in payments due to any ongoing government investigations
and audits at such property. In recent years, government payors have frozen or
reduced payments to health care providers due to budgetary pressures. Health
care reimbursement will likely continue to be of paramount importance to
federal and state authorities. We cannot make any assessment as to the ultimate
timing or effect any future legislative reforms may have on the financial
condition of our obligors and properties. There can be no assurance that
adequate reimbursement levels will be available for services provided by any
property operator, whether the property receives reimbursement from Medicare,
Medicaid or private payors. Significant limits on the scope of services
reimbursed and on reimbursement rates and fees could have a material adverse
effect on an obligor’s liquidity, financial condition and results of
operations, which could adversely affect the ability of an obligor to meet its
obligations to us. See “Item 1 — Business — Certain Government
Regulations — Reimbursement” above.

Our operators and tenants generally are subject to
varying levels of federal, state, local, and industry-regulated licensure,
certification and inspection laws, regulations, and standards.  Our operators’
or tenants’ failure to comply with any of these laws, regulations, or standards
could result in loss of accreditation, denial of reimbursement, imposition of
fines, suspension, decertification or exclusion from federal and state health
care programs, loss of license or closure of the facility. Such actions may
have an effect on our operators’ or tenants’ ability to make lease payments to
us and, therefore, adversely impact us. See “Item 1 — Business —
Certain Government Regulations — Other Related Laws” above.

Many of our properties may require a license,
registration, and/or CON to operate. Failure to obtain a license, registration,
or CON, or loss of a required license, registration, or CON would prevent a
facility from operating in the manner intended by the operators or tenants.
These events could materially adversely affect our operators’ or tenants’
ability to make rent payments to us.  State and local laws also may regulate
the expansion, including the addition of new beds or services or acquisition of
medical equipment, and the construction or renovation of health care
facilities, by requiring a CON or other similar approval from a state agency.
See “Item 1 — Business — Certain Government Regulations —
Licensing and Certification” above.

The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of
2010, as modified by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010
(collectively, the “Health Reform Laws”), provides states with an increased
federal medical assistance percentage under certain conditions. On June 28,
2012, The United States Supreme Court upheld the individual mandate of the
Health Reform Laws but partially invalidated the expansion of Medicaid. The
ruling on Medicaid expansion will allow states not to participate in the
expansion—and to forego funding for the Medicaid expansion—without losing their
existing Medicaid funding. Given that the federal government substantially
funds the Medicaid expansion, it is unclear whether any state will pursue this
option, although at least some appear to be considering this option at this
time. The participation by states in the Medicaid expansion could have the dual
effect of increasing our tenants’ revenues, through new patients, but further
straining state budgets. While the federal government will pay for
approximately 100% of those additional costs from 2014 to 2016, states will be
expected to begin paying for part of those additional costs in 2017. With
increasingly strained budgets, it is unclear how states will pay their share of
these additional Medicaid costs and what other health care expenditures could
be reduced as a result. A significant reduction in other health care related
spending by states to pay for increased Medicaid costs could affect our
tenants’ revenue streams. See “Item 1 — Business — Certain
Government Regulations — Reimbursement” above and “Item 7—Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Health
Care Industry—Health Reform Laws” below.

More generally, and because of the dynamic nature of
the legislative and regulatory environment for health care products and
services, and in light of existing federal deficit and budgetary concerns, we
cannot predict the impact that broad-based, far-reaching legislative or
regulatory changes could have on the U.S. economy, our business or that of our
tenants.

Risk factors related to liability claims and insurance
costs

In recent years, skilled nursing and seniors housing
operators have experienced substantial increases in both the number and size of
patient care liability claims. As a result, general and professional liability
costs have increased in some markets. General and professional liability
insurance coverage may be restricted or very costly, which may adversely affect
the property operators’ future 

30

operations, cash flows
and financial condition, and may have a material adverse effect on the property
operators’ ability to meet their obligations to us.

Unfavorable resolution of pending and future
litigation matters and disputes could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition. 

From time to time, we may be directly involved in a
number of legal proceedings, lawsuits and other claims. We may also be named as
defendants in lawsuits allegedly arising out of our actions or the actions of
our operators/tenants or managers in which such operators/tenants or managers
have agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various
claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their respective
businesses. An unfavorable resolution of pending or future litigation may have
a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. Regardless of its outcome, litigation may result in substantial
costs and expenses and significantly divert the attention of management. There
can be no assurance that we will be able to prevail in, or achieve a favorable
settlement of, pending or future litigation. In addition, pending litigation or
future litigation, government proceedings or environmental matters could lead
to increased costs or interruption of our normal business operations.

Risk factors related to acquisitions

We are exposed to the risk that some of our
acquisitions may not prove to be successful. We could encounter unanticipated
difficulties and expenditures relating to any acquired properties, including
contingent liabilities, and acquired properties might require significant
management attention that would otherwise be devoted to our ongoing business.
If we agree to provide construction funding to an operator/tenant and the
project is not completed, we may need to take steps to ensure completion of the
project. Such expenditures may negatively affect our results of operations.  Furthermore,
there can be no assurance that our anticipated acquisitions and investments,
the completion of which is subject to various conditions, will be consummated
in accordance with anticipated timing, on anticipated terms, or at all.

Risk factors related to joint ventures

We have entered into, and may continue in the future
to enter into, partnerships or joint ventures with other persons or entities.
Joint venture investments involve risks that may not be present with other
methods of ownership, including the possibility that our partner might become
insolvent, refuse to make capital contributions when due or otherwise fail to
meet its obligations, which may result in certain liabilities to us for
guarantees and other commitments; that our partner might at any time have
economic or other business interests or goals that are or become inconsistent
with our interests or goals; that we could become engaged in a dispute with our
partner, which could require us to expend additional resources to resolve such
disputes and could have an adverse impact on the operations and profitability
of the joint venture; and that our partner may be in a position to take action
or withhold consent contrary to our instructions or requests. In addition, our
ability to transfer our interest in a joint venture to a third party may be
restricted. In some instances, we and/or our partner may have the right to
trigger a buy-sell arrangement, which could cause us to sell our interest, or
acquire our partner’s interest, at a time when we otherwise would not have
initiated such a transaction. Our ability to acquire our partner’s interest may
be limited if we do not have sufficient cash, available borrowing capacity or
other capital resources. In such event, we may be forced to sell our interest
in the joint venture when we would otherwise prefer to retain it. Joint
ventures may require us to share decision-making authority with our partners,
which could limit our ability to control the properties in the joint ventures.
Even when we have a controlling interest, certain major decisions may require
partner approval, such as the sale, acquisition or financing of a property.

Risk factors related to our seniors housing operating