This section discusses the most significant factors that affect our business, operations and financial condition. It does not describe all risks and uncertainties applicable to us, our industry or ownership of our securities. If any of the following risks, as well as other risks and uncertainties that are not addressed in this section or that we have not yet identified, actually occur, we could be materially adversely affected and the value of our securities could decline. We group these risk factors into three categories:

•

Risks arising from our business;

•

Risks arising from our capital structure; and

•

Risks arising from our status as a REIT. 

Risks Arising from Our Business

Our investments in and acquisitions of health care and seniors housing properties may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations

We are exposed to the risk that some of our acquisitions may not prove to be successful. We could encounter unanticipated difficulties and expenditures relating to any acquired properties, including contingent liabilities, and acquired properties might require significant management attention that would otherwise be devoted to our ongoing business. If we agree to provide construction funding to an operator/tenant and the project is not completed, we may need to take steps to ensure completion of the project. Such expenditures may negatively affect our results of operations. Investments in and acquisitions of seniors housing and health care properties entail risks associated with real estate investments generally, including risks that the investment will not achieve expected returns, that the cost estimates for necessary property improvements will prove inaccurate or that the tenant, operator or manager will fail to meet performance expectations. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that our anticipated acquisitions and investments, the completion of which is subject to various conditions, will be consummated in accordance with 

25

anticipated timing, on anticipated terms, or at all. Health care properties are often highly customizable and the development or redevelopment of such properties may require costly tenant-specific improvements. We also may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of portfolios of properties, into our existing operations, and this could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. As a result, we cannot assure you that we will achieve the economic benefit we expect from acquisitions, investment, development and redevelopment opportunities. All of the foregoing could affect our ability to continue paying dividends at the current rate.

Our investments in joint ventures could be adversely affected by our lack of exclusive control over these investments, our partners’ insolvency or failure to meet their obligations, and disputes between us and our partners

We have entered into, and may continue in the future to enter into, partnerships or joint ventures with other persons or entities. Joint venture investments involve risks that may not be present with other methods of ownership, including the possibility that our partner might become insolvent, refuse to make capital contributions when due or otherwise fail to meet its obligations, which may result in certain liabilities to us for guarantees and other commitments; that our partner might at any time have economic or other business interests or goals that are or become inconsistent with our interests or goals; that we could become engaged in a dispute with our partner, which could require us to expend additional resources to resolve such dispute and could have an adverse impact on the operations and profitability of the joint venture; and that our partner may be in a position to take action or withhold consent contrary to our instructions or requests. In addition, our ability to transfer our interest in a joint venture to a third party may be restricted. In some instances, we and/or our partner may have the right to trigger a buy-sell arrangement, which could cause us to sell our interest, or acquire our partner’s interest, at a time when we otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction. Our ability to acquire our partner’s interest may be limited if we do not have sufficient cash, available borrowing capacity or other capital resources. In such event, we may be forced to sell our interest in the joint venture when we would otherwise prefer to retain it. Joint ventures may require us to share decision-making authority with our partners, which could limit our ability to control the properties in the joint ventures. Even when we have a controlling interest, certain major decisions may require partner approval, such as the sale, acquisition or financing of a property.

We are exposed to operational risks with respect to our seniors housing operating properties that could adversely affect our revenue and operations

We are exposed to various operational risks with respect to our seniors housing operating properties that may increase our costs or adversely affect our ability to generate revenues. These risks include fluctuations in occupancy, Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement, if applicable, and private pay rates; economic conditions; competition; federal, state, local, and industry-regulated licensure, certification and inspection laws, regulations, and standards; the availability and increases in cost of general and professional liability insurance coverage; state regulation and rights of residents related to entrance fees; and the availability and increases in the cost of labor (as a result of unionization or otherwise). Any one or a combination of these factors may adversely affect our revenue and operations.

Decreases in our operators’ revenues or increases in our operators’ expenses could affect our operators’ ability to make payments to us

Our operators’ revenues are primarily driven by occupancy, private pay rates, and Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement, if applicable. Expenses for these facilities are primarily driven by the costs of labor, food, utilities, taxes, insurance and rent or debt service. Revenues from government reimbursement have, and may continue to, come under pressure due to reimbursement cuts and state budget shortfalls. Operating costs continue to increase for our operators. To the extent that any decrease in revenues and/or any increase in operating expenses result in a property not generating enough cash to make payments to us, the credit of our operator and the value of other collateral would have to be relied upon. To the extent the value of such property is reduced, we may need to record an impairment for such asset. Furthermore, if we determine to dispose of an underperforming property, such sale may result in a loss. Any such impairment or loss on sale would negatively affect our financial results.  All of the foregoing could affect our ability to continue paying dividends at the current rate. 

Increased competition and oversupply may affect our operators’ ability to meet their obligations to us

The operators of our properties compete on a local and regional basis with operators of properties and other health care providers that provide comparable services for residents and patients, including on the basis of the scope and quality of care and services provided, reputation and financial condition, physical appearance of the properties, price, and location. Our operators are expected to encounter increased competition in the future that could limit their ability to attract residents or expand their businesses.  In addition, we expect that there will continue to be a more than adequate inventory of seniors housing facilities. We cannot be certain that the operators of all of our facilities will be able to achieve and maintain occupancy and rate levels that will enable them to meet all of their obligations to us.  If our operators cannot compete effectively or if there is an oversupply of facilities, their financial performance and ability to meet their obligations to us could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.

A severe cold and flu season, epidemics or any other widespread illnesses could adversely affect the occupancy of our seniors housing operating and triple-net properties

26

Our revenues and our operators’ revenues are dependent on occupancy. It is impossible to predict the severity of the cold and flu season or the occurrence of epidemics or any other widespread illnesses. The occupancy of our seniors housing operating and triple-net properties could significantly decrease in the event of a severe cold and flu season, an epidemic or any other widespread illness.  Such a decrease could affect the operating income of our seniors housing operating properties and the ability of our triple-net operators to make payments to us. In addition, a flu pandemic could significantly increase the cost burdens faced by our operators, including if they are required to implement quarantines for residents, and adversely affect their ability to meet their obligations to us, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial results.

The insolvency or bankruptcy of our tenants, operators, borrowers, managers and other obligors may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition

We are exposed to the risk that our tenants, operators, borrowers, managers or other obligors may not be able to meet the rent, principal and interest or other payments due us, which may result in a tenant, operator, borrower, manager or other obligor bankruptcy or insolvency, or that a tenant, operator, borrower, manager or other obligor might become subject to bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings for other reasons. Although our operating lease agreements provide us with the right to evict a tenant, demand immediate payment of rent and exercise other remedies, and our loans provide us with the right to terminate any funding obligation, demand immediate repayment of principal and unpaid interest, foreclose on the collateral and exercise other remedies, the bankruptcy and insolvency laws afford certain rights to a party that has filed for bankruptcy or reorganization. A tenant, operator, borrower, manager or other obligor in bankruptcy or subject to insolvency proceedings may be able to limit or delay our ability to collect unpaid rent in the case of a lease or to receive unpaid principal and interest in the case of a loan, and to exercise other rights and remedies. In addition, if a lease is rejected in a tenant bankruptcy, our claim against the tenant may be limited by applicable provisions of the bankruptcy law. We may be required to fund certain expenses (e.g., real estate taxes and maintenance) to preserve the value of an investment property, avoid the imposition of liens on a property and/or transition a property to a new tenant. In some instances, we have terminated our lease with a tenant and relet the property to another tenant. In some of those situations, we have provided working capital loans to and limited indemnification of the new obligor. If we cannot transition a leased property to a new tenant, we may take possession of that property, which may expose us to certain successor liabilities. Should such events occur, our revenue and operating cash flow may be adversely affected. All of the foregoing could affect our ability to continue paying dividends at the current rate.

We may not be able to timely reinvest our sale proceeds on terms acceptable to us

From time to time, we will have cash available from the proceeds of sales of our securities, principal payments on our loans receivable or the sale of properties, including non-elective dispositions, under the terms of master leases or similar financial support arrangements. In order to maintain current revenues and continue generating attractive returns, we expect to re-invest these proceeds in a timely manner. We compete for real estate investments with a broad variety of potential investors, including other health care REITs, real estate partnerships, health care providers, health care lenders and other investors, including developers, banks, insurance companies, pension funds, government-sponsored entities and private equity firms, some of whom may have greater financial resources and lower costs of capital than we do. This competition for attractive investments may negatively affect our ability to make timely investments on terms acceptable to us.

The properties managed by Sunrise Senior Living, LLC (“Sunrise”) account for a significant portion of our revenues and net operating income and any adverse developments in its business or financial condition could adversely affect us 

As of 
December 31, 2018
, Sunrise managed 161 of our seniors housing operating properties.  These properties account for a significant portion of our revenues, and we rely on Sunrise to manage these properties efficiently and effectively. We also rely on Sunrise to set appropriate resident fees, to provide accurate property-level financial results for our properties in a timely manner and to otherwise operate them in compliance with the terms of our management agreements and all applicable laws and regulations.  Any adverse developments in Sunrise’s business or financial condition could impair its ability to manage our properties efficiently and effectively, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Also, if Sunrise experiences any significant financial, legal, accounting or regulatory difficulties, such difficulties could result in, among other things, acceleration of its indebtedness, impairment of its continued access to capital or the commencement of insolvency proceedings by or against it under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, which, in turn, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. 

We depend on Genesis HealthCare (“Genesis”), Brookdale Senior Living (“Brookdale”) and ProMedica Health System ("ProMedica") for a significant portion of our revenues and any failure, inability or unwillingness by them to satisfy obligations under their agreements with us could adversely affect us

The properties we lease to Genesis, Brookdale and ProMedica account for a significant portion of our revenues, and because these leases are triple-net leases, we also depend on Genesis, Brookdale and ProMedica to pay all insurance, taxes, utilities and maintenance and repair expenses in connection with the leased properties. We cannot assure you that Genesis, Brookdale and ProMedica will have sufficient assets, income and access to financing to enable them to make rental payments to us or to otherwise satisfy their respective obligations under our leases, and any failure, inability or unwillingness by Genesis, Brookdale or ProMedica 

27

to do so could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Genesis, Brookdale and ProMedica have also agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their respective businesses, and we cannot assure you that Genesis, Brookdale and ProMedica will have sufficient assets, income, access to financing and insurance coverage to enable them to satisfy their respective indemnification obligations.  Genesis, Brookdale and ProMedica's failure to effectively conduct their operations or to maintain and improve our properties could adversely affect their business reputations and their ability to attract and retain patients and residents in our properties, which, in turn, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, we have made real estate and other loans to Genesis and their operational or other failures could adversely impact their ability to repay these loans when due.

Ownership of property outside the U.S. may subject us to different or greater risks than those associated with our domestic operations

We have operations in Canada and the U.K. which represent 
10.0%
 and 
9.6%
 of total Welltower revenues, respectively. As of December 31, 2018, Revera managed 98 of our seniors housing operating properties in Canada, representing a significant portion of our revenues, and also owned a controlling interest in Sunrise. International development, ownership, and operating activities involve risks that are different from those we face with respect to our domestic properties and operations. These risks include, but are not limited to, any international currency gain recognized with respect to changes in exchange rates may not qualify under the 75% gross income test or the 95% gross income test that we must satisfy annually in order to qualify and maintain our status as a REIT; challenges with respect to the repatriation of foreign earnings and cash; changes in foreign political, regulatory, and economic conditions (regionally, nationally and locally) including, but not limited to, continuing uncertainty surrounding the process of Brexit and the macroeconomic and regulatory effects of Brexit, including impacts on the U.K. real estate market; challenges in managing international operations; challenges of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations, including those relating to real estate, corporate governance, operations, taxes, employment and other civil and criminal legal proceedings; foreign ownership restrictions with respect to operations in countries; differences in lending practices and the willingness of domestic or foreign lenders to provide financing; regional or country-specific business cycles and political and economic instability; and failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations in the U.S. that affect foreign operations, including, but not limited to, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. If we are unable to successfully manage the risks associated with international expansion and operations, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.

If our tenants do not renew their existing leases, or if we are required to sell properties for liquidity reasons,

we may be unable to lease or sell the properties on favorable terms, or at all

We cannot predict whether our tenants will renew existing leases at the end of their lease terms, which expire at various times. If these leases are not renewed, we would be required to find other tenants to occupy those properties or sell them. There can be no assurance that we would be able to identify suitable replacement tenants or enter into leases with new tenants on terms as favorable to us as the current leases or that we would be able to lease those properties at all. 

Real estate investments are relatively illiquid and most of the property we own is highly customized for specific uses. Our ability to quickly sell or exchange any of our properties in response to changes in operator, economic and other conditions will be limited. No assurances can be given that we will recognize full value for any property that we are required to sell. Our inability to respond rapidly to changes in the performance of our investments could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we are exposed to the risks inherent in concentrating investments in real estate, and in particular, the seniors housing and health care industries. A downturn in the real estate industry could adversely affect the value of our properties and our ability to sell properties for a price or on terms acceptable to us.  All of the foregoing could affect our ability to continue paying dividends at the current rate.

Our tenants, operators and managers may not have the necessary insurance coverage to insure adequately against losses

We maintain or require our tenants, operators and managers to maintain comprehensive insurance coverage on our properties and their operations with terms, conditions, limits and deductibles that we believe are customary for similarly-situated companies in our industry, and we frequently review our insurance programs and requirements. That said, we cannot assure you that we or our tenants, operators or managers will continue to be able to maintain adequate levels of insurance and required coverages or that we will continue to require the same levels of insurance coverage under our lease, management and other agreements, which could adversely affect us in the event of a significant uninsured loss. Also, in recent years, long-term/post-acute care and seniors housing operators and managers have experienced substantial increases in both the number and size of patient care liability claims. As a result, general and professional liability costs have increased in some markets. General and professional liability insurance coverage may be restricted or very costly, which may adversely affect the tenants’, operators’ and managers’ future operations, cash flows and financial condition, and may have a material adverse effect on the tenants’, operators’ and managers’ ability to meet their obligations to us. 

Our ownership of properties through ground leases exposes us to the loss of such