Forward-Looking
 Statements and Risk Factors

 This section discusses the most significant factors that affect
 our business, operations and financial condition. It does not
 describe all risks and uncertainties applicable to us, our
 industry or ownership of our securities. If any of the following
 risks, as well as other risks and uncertainties that are not yet
 identified or that we currently think are not material, actually
 occur, we could be materially adversely affected. In that event,
 the value of our securities could decline.

 This Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 and the documents incorporated by reference contain statements
 that constitute “forward-looking statements” as that
 term is defined in the federal securities laws. These
 forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to,
 those regarding:

 • 

 the possible expansion of our portfolio;

 • 

 the sale of properties;

 • 

 the performance of our operators/tenants and properties;

 • 

 our ability to enter into agreements with new viable tenants for
 vacant space or for properties that we take back from
 financially troubled tenants, if any;

 • 

 our occupancy rates;

 • 

 our ability to acquire, develop
 and/or
 manage properties;

 • 

 our ability to make distributions to stockholders;

 • 

 our policies and plans regarding investments, financings and
 other matters;

 • 

 our tax status as a real estate investment trust;

 • 

 our critical accounting policies;

 • 

 our ability to appropriately balance the use of debt and equity;

 • 

 our ability to access capital markets or other sources of
 funds; and

 • 

 our ability to meet our earnings guidance.

 When we use words such as “may,” “will,”
 “intend,” “should,” “believe,”
 “expect,” “anticipate,” “project,”
 “estimate” or similar expressions, we are making
 forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not
 guarantees of future performance and involve risks and
 uncertainties. Our expected results may not be achieved, and

 29

Table of Contents

 actual results may differ materially from our expectations. This
 may be a result of various factors, including, but not limited
 to:

 • 

 the status of the economy;

 • 

 the status of capital markets, including availability and cost
 of capital;

 • 

 issues facing the health care industry, including compliance
 with, and changes to, regulations and payment policies,
 responding to government investigations and punitive settlements
 and operators’/tenants’ difficulty in cost-effectively
 obtaining and maintaining adequate liability and other insurance;

 • 

 changes in financing terms;

 • 

 competition within the health care, senior housing and life
 science industries;

 • 

 negative developments in the operating results or financial
 condition of operators/tenants, including, but not limited to,
 their ability to pay rent and repay loans;

 • 

 our ability to transition or sell facilities with profitable
 results;

 • 

 the failure to make new investments as and when anticipated;

 • 

 acts of God affecting our properties;

 • 

 our ability to re-lease space at similar rates as vacancies
 occur;

 • 

 our ability to timely reinvest sale proceeds at similar rates to
 assets sold;

 • 

 operator/tenant or joint venture partner bankruptcies or
 insolvencies;

 • 

 the cooperation of joint venture partners;

 • 

 government regulations affecting Medicare and Medicaid
 reimbursement rates and operational requirements;

 • 

 regulatory approval and market acceptance of the products and
 technologies of life science tenants;

 • 

 liability or contract claims by or against operators/tenants;

 • 

 unanticipated difficulties
 and/or
 expenditures relating to future acquisitions;

 • 

 environmental laws affecting our properties;

 • 

 changes in rules or practices governing our financial reporting;

 • 

 other legal and operational matters, including REIT
 qualification and key management personnel recruitment and
 retention; and

 • 

 the risks described below:

 related to our operators’ revenues and
 expenses

 Our investment property operators’ revenues are primarily
 driven by occupancy, Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement, if
 applicable, and private pay rates. Expenses for these facilities
 are primarily driven by the costs of labor, food, utilities,
 taxes, insurance and rent or debt service. Revenues from
 government reimbursement have, and may continue to, come under
 pressure due to reimbursement cuts and state budget shortfalls.
 Liability insurance and staffing costs continue to increase for
 our operators. To the extent that any decrease in revenues
 and/or any
 increase in operating expenses result in a property not
 generating enough cash to make payments to us, the credit of our
 operator and the value of other collateral would have to be
 relied upon.

 The recent credit and liquidity crisis, and the weakened
 economy, may have a lingering adverse effect on our operators
 and tenants, including their ability to access credit or
 maintain occupancy rates. If the operations, cash flows or
 financial condition of our operators are materially adversely
 impacted by economic conditions, our revenue and operations may
 be adversely affected.

 30

Table of Contents

 Increased
 competition may affect our operators’ ability to meet their
 obligations to us

 The operators of our properties compete on a local and regional
 basis with operators of properties and other health care
 providers that provide comparable services. We cannot be certain
 that the operators of all of our facilities will be able to
 achieve and maintain occupancy and rate levels that will enable
 them to meet all of their obligations to us. Our operators are
 expected to encounter increased competition in the future that
 could limit their ability to attract residents or expand their
 businesses.

 Risk
 factors related to obligor bankruptcies

 We are exposed to the risk that our obligors may not be able to
 meet the rent, principal and interest or other payments due us,
 which may result in an obligor bankruptcy or insolvency, or that
 an obligor might become subject to bankruptcy or insolvency
 proceedings for other reasons. Although our operating lease
 agreements provide us with the right to evict a tenant, demand
 immediate payment of rent and exercise other remedies, and our
 loans provide us with the right to terminate any funding
 obligation, demand immediate repayment of principal and unpaid
 interest, foreclose on the collateral and exercise other
 remedies, the bankruptcy and insolvency laws afford certain
 rights to a party that has filed for bankruptcy or
 reorganization. An obligor in bankruptcy or subject to
 insolvency proceedings may be able to limit or delay our ability
 to collect unpaid rent in the case of a lease or to receive
 unpaid principal and interest in the case of a loan, and to
 exercise other rights and remedies.

 We may be required to fund certain expenses (e.g., real estate
 taxes and maintenance) to preserve the value of an investment
 property, avoid the imposition of liens on a property
 and/or
 transition a property to a new tenant. In some instances, we
 have terminated our lease with a tenant and relet the property
 to another tenant. In some of those situations, we have provided
 working capital loans to and limited indemnification of the new
 obligor. If we cannot transition a leased property to a new
 tenant, we may take possession of that property, which may
 expose us to certain successor liabilities. Should such events
 occur, our revenue and operating cash flow may be adversely
 affected.

 Transfers
 of health care facilities may require regulatory approvals and
 these facilities may not have efficient alternative
 uses

 Transfers of health care facilities to successor operators
 frequently are subject to regulatory approvals or notifications,
 including, but not limited to, change of ownership approvals
 under certificate of need (“CON”) laws, state
 licensure laws and Medicare and Medicaid provider arrangements,
 that are not required for transfers of other types of real
 estate. The replacement of a health care facility operator could
 be delayed by the approval process of any federal, state or
 local agency necessary for the transfer of the facility or the
 replacement of the operator licensed to manage the facility.
 Alternatively, given the specialized nature of our facilities,
 we may be required to spend substantial time and funds to adapt
 these properties to other uses. If we are unable to timely
 transfer properties to successor operators or find efficient
 alternative uses, our revenue and operations may be adversely
 affected.

 Risk
 factors related to government regulations

 Our obligors’ businesses are affected by government
 reimbursement and private payor rates. To the extent that an
 operator/tenant receives a significant portion of its revenues
 from government payors, primarily Medicare and Medicaid, such
 revenues may be subject to statutory and regulatory changes,
 retroactive rate adjustments, recovery of program overpayments
 or set-offs, administrative rulings, policy interpretations,
 payment or other delays by fiscal intermediaries or carriers,
 government funding restrictions (at a program level or with
 respect to specific facilities) and interruption or delays in
 payments due to any ongoing government investigations and audits
 at such property. In recent years, government payors have frozen
 or reduced payments to health care providers due to budgetary
 pressures. Health care reimbursement will likely continue to be
 of paramount importance to federal and state authorities. We
 cannot make any assessment as to the ultimate timing or effect
 any future legislative reforms may have on the financial
 condition of our obligors and properties. There can be no
 assurance that adequate reimbursement levels will be available
 for services provided by any property operator, whether the
 property receives reimbursement from Medicare, Medicaid or
 private payors. Significant limits on the scope of services
 reimbursed and on reimbursement rates and fees could have a
 material adverse effect on an obligor’s liquidity,
 financial

 31

Table of Contents

 condition and results of operations, which could adversely
 affect the ability of an obligor to meet its obligations to us.
 See “Item 1 — Business — Certain
 Government Regulations — Reimbursement” above.

 Our operators and tenants generally are subject to extensive
 federal, state, local, and industry-regulated licensure,
 certification and inspection laws, regulations, and standards.
 Our operators’ or tenants’ failure to comply with any
 of these laws, regulations, or standards could result in loss of
 accreditation, denial of reimbursement, imposition of fines,
 suspension or decertification from federal and state health care
 programs, loss of license or closure of the facility. Such
 actions may have an effect on our operators’ or
 tenants’ ability to make lease payments to us and,
 therefore, adversely impact us. See
 “Item 1 — Business — Certain
 Government Regulations — Other Related Laws”
 above.

 Many of our properties may require a license, registration,
 and/or CON
 to operate. Failure to obtain a license, registration, or CON,
 or loss of a required license, registration, or CON would
 prevent a facility from operating in the manner intended by the
 operators or tenants. These events could materially adversely
 affect our operators’ or tenants’ ability to make rent
 payments to us. State and local laws also may regulate the
 expansion, including the addition of new beds or services or
 acquisition of medical equipment, and the construction or
 renovation of health care facilities, by requiring a CON or
 other similar approval from a state agency. See
 “Item 1 — Business — Certain
 Government Regulations — Licensing and
 Certification” above.

 The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
 (“ARRA”), which was signed into law on
 February 17, 2009, provides $87 billion in additional
 federal Medicaid funding for states’ Medicaid expenditures
 between October 1, 2008 and December 31, 2010. On
 August 10, 2010, the President signed into law H.R. 1586,
 which mandates a six-month extension of the increase in federal
 Medicaid funding for states through June 30, 2011, although
 the enhanced federal Medicaid funding is scaled back for the
 first two quarters of 2011. Under both the ARRA and H.R. 1586,
 states meeting certain eligibility requirements will temporarily
 receive additional money in the form of an increase in the
 federal medical assistance percentage (“FMAP”). Thus,
 for a limited period of time, the share of Medicaid costs that
 are paid for by the federal government will go up, and each
 state’s share will go down. We cannot predict whether
 states are, or will remain, eligible to receive the additional
 federal Medicaid funding, or whether the states will have
 sufficient funds for their Medicaid programs. We also cannot
 predict the impact that such broad-based, far-reaching
 legislation will have on the U.S. economy or our business.

 Risk
 factors related to liability claims and insurance
 costs

 In recent years, skilled nursing and seniors housing operators
 have experienced substantial increases in both the number and
 size of patient care liability claims. As a result, general and
 professional liability costs have increased in some markets.
 However, a recent report and state survey found that the
 liability insurance market is beginning to stabilize in most
 markets. In 2008, national average liability loss costs were
 stable for the first time in nearly a decade. State-led tort
 reform efforts have greatly contributed to decreasing costs. In
 some markets general and professional liability insurance
 coverage continues to be restricted or very costly, which in
 some cases has caused operators to self-insure. These
 developments may adversely affect the property operators’
 future operations, cash flows and financial condition, and may
 have a material adverse effect on the property operators’
 ability to meet their obligations to us.

 Risk
 factors related to acquisitions

 We are exposed to the risk that some of our acquisitions may not
 prove to be successful. We could encounter unanticipated
 difficulties and expenditures relating to any acquired