.

We wish to caution readers that in addition to the important factors described elsewhere in this Form 10-K, the following important factors, among others, sometimes have affected, or in the future could affect, our
 actual results and could cause our actual consolidated results during 2007, and beyond, to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf.

Risks Related to Triarc

A substantial amount of our shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock is concentrated in the hands of certain stockholders.

As of February 15, 2007, Nelson Peltz, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Peter May, our President and Chief Operating Officer, beneficially owned shares of our outstanding Class A Common Stock
 and Class B Common Stock, Series 1, that collectively constituted approximately 36.8% of our Class A Common Stock, 21.5% of our Class B Common Stock and 34.0% of our total voting power.

Messrs. Peltz and May may from time to time acquire additional shares of Class A Common Stock, including by exchanging some or all of their shares of Class B Common Stock for shares of Class A Common Stock.
 Additionally, we may from time to time repurchase shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock. Such transactions could result in Messrs. Peltz and May together owning more than a majority of our
 outstanding voting power. If that were to occur, Messrs. Peltz and May would be able to determine the outcome of the election of members of our board of directors and the outcome of corporate actions requiring
 majority stockholder approval, including mergers, consolidations and the sale of all or substantially all of our assets. They would also be in a position to prevent or cause a change in control of us. In addition, to the
 extent we issue additional shares of our Class B Common Stock for acquisitions, financings or compensation purposes, such issuances would not proportionally dilute the voting power of existing stockholders, including
 Messrs. Peltz and May.

Our success depends substantially upon the continued retention of certain key personnel.

We believe that over time our success has been dependent to a significant extent upon the efforts and abilities of our and our subsidiaries’ senior management teams. The failure by us to retain members of our and/or
 our subsidiaries’ senior management teams could adversely affect our ability to build on the efforts we have undertaken to increase the efficiency and profitability of our businesses. Specifically, in the event a corporate
 restructuring is not completed, the loss of Nelson Peltz, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, or Peter May, our President and Chief Operating Officer, or other members of our senior management team could
 adversely affect us.

We are continuing to explore a possible corporate restructuring that is expected to involve the disposition of our asset management operations, whether through a sale of our ownership interest in Deerfield, a spin-off
 of our ownership interest in Deerfield to our stockholders or such other means as our board of directors may conclude would be in the best interests of our stockholders. If the corporate restructuring is completed, it is
 currently anticipated that Triarc would be renamed Arby’s and would be led by ARG’s current Chief Executive Officer, Roland Smith, and the remainder of ARG’s management team. Following the corporate
 restructuring, although Messrs. Peltz and May will continue to be large stockholders and directors of Arby’s, it is currently expected that they and other members of our existing senior management team would no longer
 be involved as senior executives of Arby’s and the success of the Arby’s business would depend to a significant extent upon the efforts and abilities of Arby’s senior management team. See “Item 1. Business—Business
 Strategy; Potential Corporate Restructuring.”

Equity investment funds started by the Principals may create a conflict of interests between the Funds and us.

On November 1, 2005, the Principals started the Funds, which are separate and distinct from us and are being managed by the Principals and the Employees through the Management Company. Although the
 Principals and the Employees continue to serve as officers and employees of, and receive compensation from, us, we are making the services of the Principals and the Employees available to the Management Company.
 Consequently, the Principals and the Employees are no longer providing their services exclusively to us. Triarc

14

is being reimbursed by the Management Company for the allocable cost of these and other support services being made available to the Management Company. The arrangement by which the Principals and the
 Employees provide these services was reviewed and considered by a special committee comprised of independent directors of our board of directors. See “Item 1. Business—Business Strategy; Potential Corporate
 Restructuring.”

The investment strategy of the Funds is to achieve capital appreciation by investing in equity securities of publicly traded companies and effecting positive change through active hands-on influence and involvement.
 In contrast, Deerfield is an asset manager focusing on fixed income and credit-related strategies with approximately $13.2 billion of assets under management as of December 31, 2006, none of which was invested in
 equity securities of publicly traded companies. Although neither the Funds nor Deerfield currently plans to change its investment strategy, a change in investment strategy by either party in the future may create conflicts
 of interest between the Funds and us. The Funds have invested and may continue to invest from time to time in companies that compete with Arby’s or Deerfield. In addition, while the Principals have agreed to offer us
 the opportunity to acquire more than 50% of the outstanding securities of a company in the quick service restaurant segment, if we decline to exercise such opportunity, the Funds could consummate such an acquisition.

We
 have broad discretion in the use of our cash, cash equivalents and investments.

As
 of December 31, 2006, we had $327.0 million of cash and cash equivalents, restricted
 cash equivalents, investments other than investments held in deferred compensation
 trusts and receivables from sales of investments, net of liabilities related
 to investments. The foregoing amounts do not reflect regular quarterly cash
 dividends of $0.08 per share on our Class A Common Stock and $0.09 per
 share on our Class B Common Stock that were declared on February 1, 2007 and
 are scheduled to be paid on March 15, 2007 in the aggregate amount of approximately
 $8.0 million. We have not otherwise designated any specific use for our cash,
 cash equivalents and investment position. In connection with the potential corporate
 restructuring, in addition to expected significant severance or contractual
 settlement payments, options for our remaining non-restaurant net assets are
 under review and could include the allocation of such assets between our businesses
 (Arby’s and Deerfield) and/or additional special dividends or distributions
 to our stockholders.

Acquisitions have been a key element of our business strategy, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to identify appropriate acquisition targets in the future and that we will be able to successfully
 integrate any future acquisitions into our existing operations.

Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including difficulties assimilating new operations and products. In addition, acquisitions may require significant management time and capital resources. We cannot assure you
 that we will have access to the capital required to finance potential acquisitions on satisfactory terms, that any acquisition would result in long-term benefits to us or that management would be able to manage effectively
 the resulting business. Future acquisitions, if any, are likely to result in the incurrence of additional indebtedness, which could contain restrictive covenants, or the issuance of additional equity securities, which could
 dilute our existing stockholders.

We cannot assure you that our proposed corporate restructuring will be successfully implemented.

We are continuing to explore the feasibility, as well as the risks and opportunities, of a possible corporate restructuring that is expected to involve the disposition of our asset management operations, whether
 through a sale of our ownership interest in Deerfield, a spin-off of our ownership interest in Deerfield to our stockholders or such other means as our board of directors may conclude would be in the best interests of our
 stockholders. There can be no assurance that the corporate restructuring will occur or the form, terms or timing of such restructuring if it does occur. Our failure to implement these transactions timely and economically
 could materially increase our costs and impair our results of operations. Even if the restructuring is completed, there can be no assurance that the expected benefits to Triarc and its stockholders would be realized.

15

Our investment of excess funds may be subject to risk, particularly due to use of leverage and the riskiness of underlying assets.

From time to time we place our excess cash in investment funds managed by third parties (including the Management Company). Some of these funds use substantial leverage in their trading, including through the
 use of borrowed funds, total return swaps and/or other derivatives. The use of leverage generates various risks, including the exacerbation of losses, increased interest expense in the case of leverage through borrowing, and
 exposure to counterparty risk in the case of leverage through derivatives. However, volatility in the value of a fund is a function not only of the amount of leverage employed but also of the riskiness of the underlying
 investments. Therefore, the greater the amount of leverage used by a fund and the greater the riskiness of a fund’s underlying assets, the greater the risk associated with our investment in such fund.

In the future, we may have to take actions that we would not otherwise take so as not to be subject to tax as a “personal holding company.”

If at any time during the last half of our taxable year, five or fewer individuals own or are deemed to own more than 50% of the total value of our shares and if during such taxable year we receive 60% or more of
 our gross income, as specially adjusted, from specified passive sources, we would be classified as a “personal holding company” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If this were the case, we would be subject to additional
 taxes at the rate of 15% on a portion of our income, to the extent this income is not distributed to stockholders. We do not currently expect to have any liability in 2007 for tax under the personal holding company rules.
 However, we cannot assure you that we will not become liable for such tax in the future. Because we do not wish to be classified as a personal holding company or to incur any personal holding company tax, we may be
 required in the future to take actions that we would not otherwise take. These actions may influence our strategic and business decisions, including causing us to conduct our business and acquire or dispose of investments
 differently than we otherwise would.

Our certificate of incorporation contains certain anti-takeover provisions and permits our board of directors to issue preferred stock and additional series of Class B Common Stock without stockholder
 approval.

Certain provisions in our certificate of incorporation are intended to discourage or delay a hostile takeover of control of us. Our certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of shares of “blank check” preferred
 stock and additional series of Class B Common Stock, which will have such designations, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our board of directors. Accordingly, our board of directors is
 empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock and/or Class B Common Stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other
 rights of the holders of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, Series 1. The preferred stock and additional series of Class B Common Stock could be used to discourage, delay or prevent a change in
 control of us that is determined by our board of directors to be undesirable. Although we have no present intention to issue any shares of preferred stock or additional series of Class B Common Stock, we cannot assure
 you that we will not do so in the future.

Risks Related to Arby’s

Our restaurant business is significantly dependent on new restaurant openings, which may be affected by factors beyond our control.

Our restaurant business derives earnings from sales at company-owned restaurants, franchise royalties received from all Arby’s restaurants and up-front fees from restaurant operators for each new unit opened. Growth
 in our restaurant revenues and earnings is significantly dependent on new restaurant openings. Numerous factors beyond our control may affect restaurant openings. These factors include but are not limited to:

 •

 our ability to attract new franchisees;

 •

 the availability of site locations for new restaurants;

 •

 the ability of potential restaurant owners to obtain financing;

 •

 the ability of restaurant owners to hire, train and retain qualified operating personnel;

16

 •

 the availability of construction materials and labor;

 •

 construction and development costs of new restaurants, particularly in highly-competitive markets;

 •

 the ability of restaurant owners to secure required governmental approvals and permits in a timely manner, or at all; and

 •

 adverse weather conditions.

Although as of December 31, 2006, franchisees had signed commitments to open 295 Arby’s restaurants over the next six years and have made or are required to make non-refundable deposits of $10,000 per
 restaurant, we cannot assure you that franchisees will meet these commitments and that they will result in open restaurants. See “Item 1. Business—Business Segments—Restaurant Franchising and Operations
 (Arby’s)—Franchise Network.”

Arby’s franchisees could take actions that could harm our business.

Arby’s franchisees are contractually obligated to operate their restaurants in accordance with the standards ARG sets in its agreements with them. ARG also provides training and support to franchisees. However,
 franchisees are independent third parties that ARG does not control, and the franchisees own, operate and oversee the daily operations of their restaurants. As a result, the ultimate success and quality of any franchise
 restaurant rests with the franchisee. If franchisees do not successfully operate restaurants in a manner consistent with ARG’s standards, the Arby’s image and reputation could be harmed, which in turn could hurt ARG’s
 business and operating results.

ARG’s success depends on Arby’s franchisees’ participation in ARG’s strategy.

Arby’s franchisees are an integral part of ARG’s business. ARG may be unable to successfully implement ARG’s brand strategies that it believes are necessary for further growth if Arby’s franchisees do not
 participate in that implementation. The failure of ARG’s franchisees to focus on the fundamentals of restaurant operations such as quality, service and cleanliness would have a negative impact on ARG’s success.

ARG’s financial results are affected by the financial results of Arby’s franchisees.

ARG receives revenue in the form of royalties and fees from Arby’s franchisees, which are generally based on a percentage of sales at franchised restaurants. Accordingly, a substantial portion of ARG’s financial
 results is to a large extent dependent upon the operational and financial success of Arby’s franchisees, including their implementation of ARG’s strategic plans. If sales trends or economic conditions worsen for Arby’s
 franchisees, their financial results may worsen and ARG’s collection rates may decline. When ARG divests company-owned restaurants, ARG is often required to remain responsible for lease payments for these restaurants
 to the extent that the relevant franchisees default on their leases. Additionally, if Arby’s franchisees fail to renew their franchise agreements, or if ARG is required to restructure its franchise agreements in connection with
 such renewal, it would result in decreased revenues for ARG.

ARG may be unable to manage effectively its strategy of acquiring and disposing of Arby’s restaurants, which could adversely affect ARG’s business and financial results.

ARG’s strategy of acquiring Arby’s restaurants from franchisees and eventually “re-franchising” these restaurants by selling them to new or existing franchisees is dependent upon the availability of sellers and buyers
 as well as ARG’s ability to negotiate transactions on terms that ARG deems acceptable. In addition, the operations of restaurants that ARG acquires may not be integrated successfully, and the intended benefits of such
 transactions may not be realized. Acquisitions of Arby’s restaurants pose various risks to ARG’s on-going operations, including:

 •

 diversion of management attention to the integration of acquired restaurant operations;

 •

 increased operating expenses and the inability to achieve expected cost savings and operating efficiencies;

 •

 exposure to liabilities arising out of sellers’ prior operations of acquired restaurants; and

 •

 incurrence or assumption of debt to finance acquisitions or improvements and/or the assumption of long-term, non-cancelable leases.

17

In addition, engaging in acquisitions and dispositions places increased demands on ARG’s operational, financial and management resources and may require ARG to continue to expand these resources. If ARG is
 unable to manage the acquisition and disposition strategy effectively, its business and financial results could be adversely affected.

ARG does not exercise ultimate control over advertising and purchasing for the Arby’s restaurant system, which could hurt sales and the Arby’s brand.

Arby’s franchisees control the provision of national advertising and marketing services to the Arby’s franchise system through AFA Service Corporation (the AFA), a company controlled by Arby’s franchisees. Subject
 to ARG’s right to protect its trademarks, and except to the extent that ARG participates in the AFA through its company-owned restaurants, the AFA has the right to approve all significant decisions regarding the
 national marketing and advertising strategies and the creative content of advertising for the Arby’s system. Although ARG has entered into a management agreement pursuant to which ARG, on behalf of the AFA,
 manages the day-to-day operations of the AFA, many areas are still subject to ultimate approval by the AFA’s independent board of directors and the management agreement may be terminated by either party for any
 reason upon one year’s prior notice. See “Item 1. Business—Business Segments—Restaurant Franchising and Operations (Arby’s)—Advertising and Marketing.” In addition, local cooperatives run by operators of Arby’s
 restaurants in a particular local area (including ARG) make their own decisions regarding local advertising expenditures, subject to spending the required minimum amounts. ARG’s lack of control over advertising could
 hurt sales and the Arby’s brand.

In addition, although ARG ensures that all suppliers to the Arby’s system meet quality control standards, Arby’s franchisees control the purchasing of food, proprietary paper, equipment and other operating supplies
 from such suppliers through ARCOP, Inc., a not-for-profit entity controlled by Arby’s franchisees. ARCOP negotiates national contracts for such food, equipment and supplies. ARG is entitled to appoint one
 representative on the board of directors of ARCOP and participate in ARCOP through its company-owned restaurants, but otherwise does not control the decisions and activities of ARCOP except to ensure that all
 suppliers satisfy Arby’s quality control standards. If ARCOP does not properly estimate the needs of the Arby’s system with respect to one or more products, makes poor purchasing decisions, or decides to cease its
 operations, system sales and operating costs could be adversely affected and the financial condition of ARG or the financial condition of Arby’s franchisees could be hurt.

Shortages or interruptions in the supply or delivery of perishable food products could damage the Arby’s brand reputation and adversely affect ARG’s operating results.

ARG and Arby’s franchisees are dependent on frequent deliveries of perishable food products that meet ARG’s specifications. Shortages or interruptions in the supply of perishable food products caused by
 unanticipated demand, problems in production or distribution, disease or food-borne illnesses, inclement weather or other conditions could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of ingredients, which would
 likely lower ARG’s revenues, damage Arby’s reputation and otherwise harm ARG’s business.

Additional instances of mad cow disease or other food-borne illnesses, such as bird flu or salmonella, could adversely affect the price and availability of beef, poultry or other meats and create negative
 publicity, which could result in a decline in sales.

Instances of mad cow disease or other food-borne illnesses, such as bird flu, salmonella, e-coli or hepatitis A, could adversely affect the price and availability of beef, poultry or other meats, including if additional
 incidents cause consumers to shift their preferences to other meats. As a result, Arby’s restaurants could experience a significant increase in food costs if there are additional instances of mad cow disease or other food-borne
 illnesses.

In addition to losses associated with higher prices and a lower supply of our food ingredients, instances of food-borne illnesses could result in negative publicity for Arby’s. This negative publicity, as well as any
 other negative publicity concerning food products Arby’s serves, may reduce demand for Arby’s food and could result in a decrease in guest traffic to Arby’s restaurants. A decrease in guest traffic to Arby’s restaurants as a
 result of these health concerns or negative publicity could result in a decline in sales at company-owned restaurants or in ARG’s royalties from sales at franchised restaurants.

18

Changes in consumer tastes and preferences and in discretionary consumer spending could result in a decline in sales at company-owned restaurants and in the royalties that ARG receives from franchisees.

The quick service restaurant industry is often affected by changes in consumer tastes, national, regional and local economic conditions, discretionary spending priorities, demographic trends, traffic patterns and the
 type, number and location of competing restaurants. ARG’s success depends to a significant extent on discretionary consumer spending, which is influenced by general economic conditions and the availability of
 discretionary income. Accordingly, ARG may experience declines in sales during economic downturns. Any material decline in the amount of discretionary spending or a decline in family food-away-from-home spending
 could hurt ARG’s revenues, results of operations, business and financial condition.

In addition, if company-owned and franchised restaurants are unable to adapt to changes in consumer preferences and trends, ARG and Arby’s franchisees may lose customers and the resulting revenues from
 company-owned restaurants and the royalties that ARG receives from its franchisees may decline.

Changes in food and supply costs could harm ARG’s results of operations.

ARG’s profitability depends in part on its ability to anticipate and react to changes in food and supply costs. Any increase in food prices, especially that of beef or chicken, could harm ARG’s operating results.
 While fuel price increases have increased the costs of transportation and distribution generally, ARG’s commodity prices have largely been unaffected by these distribution cost increases in 2006 due to purchase contracts
 for commodities, which are managed by ARCOP, that have allowed only limited increases for distribution costs. As these contracts expire and are replaced in 2007, ARG expects to experience more variability in its
 commodity prices. In addition, ARG is susceptible to increases in food costs as a result of other factors beyond its control, such as weather conditions, food safety concerns, product recalls and government regulations. For
 example, increased demand for ethanol as a fuel alternative has increased the cost of corn, which is also used as feed in the production of beef and chicken. Therefore, increases in the cost of corn could increase ARG’s food
 costs and harm its operating results. ARG cannot predict whether it will be able to anticipate and react to changing food costs by adjusting its purchasing practices and menu prices, and a failure to do so could adversely
 affect ARG’s operating results. In addition, ARG may not seek to or be able to pass along price increases to its customers.

Competition from other restaurant companies could hurt ARG.

The market segments in which company-owned and franchised Arby’s restaurants compete are highly competitive with respect to, among other things, price, food quality and presentation, service, location, and the
 nature and condition of the restaurant facility. Arby’s restaurants compete with a variety of locally-owned restaurants, as well as competitive regional and national chains and franchises. Several of these chains compete by
 offering high quality sandwiches and/or menu items that are targeted at certain consumer groups. Additionally, many of our competitors have introduced lower cost, value meal menu options. ARG’s revenues and those of
 Arby’s franchisees may be hurt by this product and price competition.

Moreover, new companies, including operators outside the quick service restaurant industry, may enter Arby’s market areas and target Arby’s customer base. For example, additional competitive pressures for prepared
 food purchases have come from deli sections and in-store cafes of several major grocery store chains, as well as from convenience stores and casual dining outlets. Such competitors may have, among other things, lower
 operating costs, lower debt service requirements, better locations, better facilities, better management, more effective marketing and more efficient operations. All such competition may adversely affect ARG’s revenues
 and profits by reducing revenues of company-owned restaurants and royalty payments from franchised restaurants. Many of ARG’s competitors have substantially greater financial, marketing, personnel and other resources
 than ARG, which may allow them to react to changes in pricing and marketing strategies in the quick service restaurant industry better than ARG can.

Current Arby’s restaurant locations may become unattractive, and attractive new locations may not be available for a reasonable price, if at all.

The success of any restaurant depends in substantial part on its location. There can be no assurance that current Arby’s locations will continue to be attractive as demographic patterns change. Neighborhood or

19

economic conditions where Arby’s restaurants are located could decline in the future, thus resulting in potentially reduced sales in those locations. In addition, rising real estate prices, particularly in the Northeastern
 region of the U.S., may restrict the ability of ARG or Arby’s franchisees to purchase or lease new desirable locations. If desirable locations cannot be obtained at reasonable prices, ARG’s ability to effect its growth
 strategies will be adversely affected.

ARG’s business could be hurt by increased labor costs or labor shortages.

Labor is a primary component in the cost of operating our company-owned restaurants. ARG devotes significant resources to recruiting and training its managers and hourly employees. Increased labor costs due to
 competition, increased minimum wage or employee benefits costs or other factors would adversely impact ARG’s cost of sales and operating expenses. In addition, ARG’s success depends on its ability to attract, motivate
 and retain qualified employees, including restaurant managers and staff. If ARG is unable to do so, its results of operations may be hurt.

ARG’s leasing and ownership of significant amounts of real estate exposes it to possible liabilities and losses, including liabilities associated with environmental matters.

As of December 31, 2006, ARG leased or owned the land and/or the building for over 1,000 Arby’s restaurants. Accordingly, ARG is subject to all of the risks associated with leasing and owning real estate. In
 particular, the value of our real property assets could decrease, and ARG’s costs could increase, because of changes in the investment climate for real estate, demographic trends, supply or demand for the use of the
 restaurants, which may result from competition from similar restaurants in the area, and liability for environmental matters.

ARG is subject to federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations concerning the discharge, storage, handling, release and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances. These environmental
 laws provide for significant fines, penalties and liabilities, sometimes without regard to whether the owner, operator or occupant of the property knew of, or was responsible for, the release or presence of the hazardous or
 toxic substances. Third parties may also make claims against owners, operators or occupants of properties for personal injuries and property damage associated with releases of, or actual or alleged exposure to, such
 substances. A number of ARG’s restaurant sites were formerly gas stations or are adjacent to current or former gas stations, or were used for other commercial activities that can create environmental impacts. ARG may
 also acquire or lease these types of sites in the future. ARG has not conducted a comprehensive environmental review of all of its properties. ARG may not have identified all of the potential environmental liabilities at its
 leased and owned properties, and any such liabilities identified in the future could cause ARG to incur significant costs, including costs associated with litigation, fines or clean-up responsibilities.

ARG leases real property generally for initial terms of 20 years. Many leases provide that the landlord may increase the rent over the term of the lease. Most leases require ARG to pay all of the costs of insurance,
 taxes, maintenance and utilities. ARG generally cannot cancel these leases. If an existing or future restaurant is not profitable, and ARG decides to close it, ARG may nonetheless be committed to perform its obligations
 under the applicable lease including, among other things, paying the base rent for the balance of the lease term. In addition, as each of ARG’s leases expires, ARG may fail to negotiate renewals, either on commercially
 acceptable terms or at all, which could cause ARG to close stores in desirable locations.

Complaints or litigation may hurt ARG.

Occasionally, ARG’s customers file complaints or lawsuits against it alleging that ARG is responsible for an illness or injury they suffered at or after a visit to an Arby’s restaurant, or alleging that there was a
 problem with food quality or operations at an Arby’s restaurant. ARG is also subject to a variety of other claims arising in the ordinary course of our business, including personal injury claims, contract claims, claims
 from franchisees and claims alleging violations of federal and state law regarding workplace and employment matters, discrimination and similar matters. ARG could also become subject to class action lawsuits related to
 these matters in the future. Regardless of whether any claims against ARG are valid or whether ARG is found to be liable, claims may be expensive to defend and may divert management’s attention away from operations
 and hurt ARG’s performance. A judgment significantly in excess of ARG’s insurance coverage for any claims could materially adversely affect ARG’s financial condition or results of operations. Further, adverse publicity
 resulting from these allegations may hurt ARG and Arby’s franchisees.

20

Additionally, the restaurant industry has been subject to a number of claims that the menus and actions of restaurant chains have led to the obesity of certain of their customers. Adverse publicity resulting from
 these allegations may harm the reputation of Arby’s restaurants, even if the allegations are not directed against Arby’s restaurants or are not valid, and even if ARG is not found liable or the concerns relate only to a single
 restaurant or a limited number of restaurants. Moreover, complaints, litigation or adverse publicity experienced by one or more of Arby’s franchisees could also hurt ARG’s business as a whole.

ARG’s current insurance may not provide adequate levels of coverage against claims it may file.

ARG currently maintains insurance customary for businesses of its size and type. However, there are types of losses it may incur that cannot be insured against or that ARG believes are not economically reasonable
 to insure, such as losses due to natural disasters or acts of terrorism. In addition, ARG currently self-insures a significant portion of expected losses under its workers compensation, general liability and property insurance
 programs. Unanticipated changes in the actuarial assumptions and management estimates underlying ARG’s reserves for these losses could result in materially different amounts of expense under these programs, which
 could harm ARG’s business and adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition.

Changes in governmental regulation may hurt ARG’s ability to open new restaurants or otherwise hurt ARG’s existing and future operations and results.

Each Arby’s restaurant is subject to licensing and regulation by health, sanitation, safety and other agencies in the state and/or municipality in which the restaurant is located. There can be no assurance that ARG
 and/or Arby’s franchisees will not experience material difficulties or failures in obtaining the necessary licenses or approvals for new restaurants, which could delay the opening of such restaurants in the future. In addition,
 more stringent and varied requirements of local and tax governmental bodies with respect to zoning, land use and environmental factors could delay or prevent development of new restaurants in particular locations.
 ARG, and Arby’s franchisees, are also subject to the Fair Labor Standards Act, which governs such matters as minimum wages, overtime and other working conditions, along with the ADA, family leave mandates and a
 variety of other laws enacted by the states that govern these and other employment law matters. As described more fully under “Item 3. Legal Proceedings,” one of our subsidiaries was a defendant in a lawsuit alleging
 failure to comply with Title III of the ADA at approximately 775 company-owned restaurants acquired as part of the RTM acquisition in July 2005. Under a court approved settlement of that lawsuit, ARG estimates
 that it will spend approximately $1.0 million per year of capital expenditures over an eight-year period beginning in 2007 to bring these restaurants into compliance with the ADA, in addition to paying certain legal fees
 and expenses. ARG cannot predict the amount of any other future expenditures that may be required in order to permit company-owned restaurants to comply with any changes in existing regulations or to comply with
 any future regulations that may become applicable to ARG’s business.

ARG’s operations could be influenced by weather conditions.

Weather, which is unpredictable, can impact Arby’s restaurant sales. Harsh weather conditions that keep customers from dining out result in lost opportunities for Arby’s restaurants. A heavy snowstorm in the
 Northeast or Midwest or a hurricane in the Southeast can shut down an entire metropolitan area, resulting in a reduction in sales in that area. Our first quarter includes winter months and historically has a lower level of
 sales at company-owned restaurants. Because a significant portion of ARG’s restaurant operating costs is fixed or semi-fixed in nature, the loss of sales during these periods hurts ARG’s operating margins, and can result
 in restaurant operating losses. For these reasons, a quarter-to-quarter comparison may not be a good indication of ARG’s performance or how it may perform in the future.

Due to the concentration of Arby’s restaurants in particular geographic regions, ARG’s business results could be impacted by the adverse economic conditions prevailing in those regions regardless of the state
 of the national economy as a whole.

As of December 31, 2006 ARG and Arby’s franchisees operated Arby’s restaurants in 48 states, the District of Columbia and four foreign countries. As of December 31, 2006, the six leading states by number of
 operating units were: Ohio, with 288 restaurants; Michigan, with 191 restaurants; Indiana, with 175 restaurants; Florida, with 175 restaurants; Texas, with 156 restaurants; and Georgia, with 153 restaurants. This
 geographic concentration can cause economic conditions in particular areas of the country to have a

21

disproportionate impact on ARG’s overall results of operations. ARG believes that the adverse economic conditions in Ohio and Michigan, two states that have a significant number of Arby’s restaurants, have adversely
 impacted its results of operations. It is possible that adverse economic conditions in those two states or in other states or regions that contain a high concentration of Arby’s restaurants could have a material adverse
 impact on ARG’s results of operations in the future.

ARG and its subsidiaries are subject to various restrictions, and substantially all of their assets are pledged, under a credit agreement
.

Under its credit agreement, substantially all of the assets of ARG and its subsidiaries (other than real property) are pledged as collateral security. The credit agreement also contains financial covenants that, among
 other things, require ARG and its subsidiaries to maintain certain financial ratios and restrict their ability to incur debt, pay dividends or make other distributions, enter into certain fundamental transactions (including
 sales of assets and certain mergers and consolidations) and create or permit liens. If ARG and its subsidiaries are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or otherwise obtain the funds necessary to make required payments
 of interest or principal under, or are unable to comply with covenants of, the credit agreement, they would be in default under the terms of the credit agreement, which would, under certain circumstances, permit the
 lenders to accelerate the maturity of the indebtedness. You should read the information in Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Risks Related to Deerfield

DCM may lose client assets, and thus fee revenue, for various reasons.

DCM’s success depends on its ability to earn investment advisory fees from the client accounts it manages. Such fees generally consist of payments based on the amount of assets in the account (management fees), and
 on the profits earned by the account or the returns to certain investors in the accounts (performance fees). If there is a reduction in an account’s assets, there will be a corresponding reduction in DCM’s management fees
 from the account, and a likely reduction in DCM’s performance fees (if any) relating to the account, since the smaller the account’s asset base the smaller will be the potential profits earned by the account. There could be
 a reduction in an account’s assets as the result of investment losses in the account, the withdrawal by investors of their capital in the account, or both. Except for the REIT, investors in the accounts managed by DCM
 have various types of withdrawal rights, ranging from the right of investors in separate accounts to withdraw any or all of their capital on a daily basis, the right of investors in hedge funds to withdraw their capital on a
 monthly or quarterly basis, and the right of investors in CDOs to terminate the CDO in specified situations. Investors in hedge funds and managed accounts might withdraw capital for many reasons, including their
 dissatisfaction with the account’s performance, adverse publicity regarding DCM, DCM’s loss of key personnel, errors in reporting to investors account values or account performance, other matters resulting from
 problems in DCM’s systems technology, investors’ desire to invest the capital elsewhere, and their need (in the case of investors that are themselves investment funds) for the capital to fund withdrawals by their investors.
 DCM could experience a major loss of account assets, and thus advisory fee revenue, at any time.

Poor investment performance could lead to a loss of clients and a decline in DCM’s revenues.

Investment performance is a key factor for the retention of client assets, the growth of DCM’s assets under management and the generation of management fee revenue. Poor investment performance could impair
 DCM’s revenues and growth because:

 •

 existing clients might withdraw funds in favor of better performing products, which would result in lower investment management fees for DCM;

 •

 DCM’s subordinate management fees for a CDO may be deferred;

 •

 DCM’s ability to attract funds from existing and new clients might diminish; and

 •

 DCM might earn minimal or no performance fees.

The failure of DCM’s investment products to perform well both on an absolute basis and in relation to competing products, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on DCM’s business.

22

DCM derives a substantial portion of its revenues from contracts that may be terminated on short notice.

DCM derives a substantial portion of its revenues from investment management agreements with accounts that generally have the right to remove DCM as the investment manager of the account and replace it with
 a substitute investment manager. Some of these investment management agreements may be terminated for various reasons, including failure to follow the account’s investment guidelines, fraud, breach of fiduciary duty
 and gross negligence, or may not be renewed. With respect to DCM’s agreements with some of the CDOs it manages, DCM can be removed without cause by investors that hold a specified amount of the securities issued
 by the CDO. All of DCM’s agreements with CDOs allow investors that hold a specified amount of securities issued by the CDO to remove DCM for “cause,” which typically includes DCM’s violation of the management
 agreement or the CDO’s indenture, DCM’s breach of its representations and warranties under the agreement, DCM’s bankruptcy or insolvency, DCM’s fraud or a criminal offense by DCM or its employees, and the failure
 of certain of the CDO’s performance tests. With respect to DCM’s investment management agreement with the REIT, at the end of the initial term of the agreement (which occurs on December 31, 2007) or at the end of
 any one-year renewal term thereafter, DCM can be removed as manager by a vote of at least two-thirds of the REIT’s independent directors or holders of at least a majority of the outstanding common stock of the REIT
 based upon unsatisfactory performance that is materially detrimental to the REIT or a determination that the management fees payable to DCM are not fair (subject to DCM’s right to prevent such a termination by
 accepting a reduction of management fees that at least two-thirds of the REIT’s independent directors determine to be fair). During 2006, DCM generated approximately 22% of its revenue from managing the REIT.
 DCM’s investment management agreements with separate accounts are typically terminable by the client without penalty on 30 days’ notice or less. DCM may not be able to replace these agreements on favorable terms.
 The revenue loss that would result from any such termination could have a material adverse effect on DCM’s business.

DCM could lose client assets as the result of the loss of key DCM personnel.

DCM generally assigns the management of its investment products to specific teams, consisting of DCM portfolio management and other personnel. The loss of a particular member or members of such a team—for
 example, because of resignation or retirement—could cause investors in the product to withdraw, to the extent they have withdrawal rights, all or a portion of their investment in the product, and adversely affect the
 marketing of the product to new investors and the product’s performance. In the case of some accounts, such as certain CDOs, DCM can be removed as investment manager upon its loss of specified key employees. In
 addition to the loss of specific portfolio management team members, the loss of one or more members of DCM’s senior management involved in supervising the portfolio teams could have similar adverse effects on DCM’s
 investment products.

DCM may need to offer new investment strategies and products in order to continue to generate revenue.

The segments of the asset management industry in which DCM operates are subject to rapid change. Investment strategies and products that had historically been attractive to investors may lose their appeal for
 various reasons. Thus, strategies and products that have generated fee revenue for DCM in the past may fail to do so in the future. In such case DCM would have to develop new strategies and products in order to retain
 investors or replace withdrawing investors with new investors. It could be both expensive and difficult for DCM to develop new strategies and products, and there is no assurance that DCM would be successful in this
 regard. In addition, alternative asset management products represent a substantially smaller segment of the overall asset management industry than traditional asset management products (such as many corporate bond
 funds). DCM’s inability to expand its offerings beyond alternative asset management products could inhibit its growth and harm its competitive position in the investment management industry.

Changes in the fixed income markets could adversely affect DCM.

DCM’s success depends largely on the attractiveness to institutional investors of investing in the fixed income markets, and changes in those markets could significantly reduce the appeal of DCM’s investment
 products to such investors. Such changes could include increased volatility in the prices of fixed income instruments, periods of illiquidity in the fixed income trading markets, changes in the taxation of fixed income

23

instruments, significant changes in the “spreads” in the fixed income markets (the amount by which the yields on particular fixed income instruments exceed the yields on benchmark U.S. Treasury securities), and the
 lack of arbitrage opportunities between U.S. Treasury securities and their related instruments (such as interest rate swap and futures contracts). The fixed income markets can be highly volatile, and the prices of fixed
 income instruments may increase or decrease for many reasons beyond DCM’s control or ability to anticipate, including economic and political events and acts of terrorism. Any adverse changes in the fixed income
 markets could reduce DCM’s revenues.

The narrowing of CDO spreads could make it difficult for DCM to launch new CDOs.

It is important for DCM to be able to launch new CDO products from time to time, both to expand its CDO activities (which are a major part of DCM’s business) and to replace existing CDOs as they are
 terminated or mature. The ability to launch new CDOs is dependent on, among other factors, the amount by which the interest earned on the collateral held by the CDO (such as bank loans or corporate bonds) exceeds
 the interest payable by the CDO on the debt obligations it issues to investors. If these “spreads” are not wide enough, the proposed CDO will not be attractive to investors and thus cannot be launched. There may be
 sustained periods when such spreads will not be sufficient for DCM to launch new CDO products, which could have a material adverse effect on DCM’s business.

DCM could lose client assets as the result of adverse publicity.

Asset managers such as DCM can be particularly vulnerable to losing clients because of adverse publicity. Asset managers are generally regarded as fiduciaries, and if they fail to adhere at all times to a high level of
 honesty, fair dealing and professionalism they can incur large and rapid losses of client assets. Accordingly, a relatively small lapse in this regard, particularly if it resulted in a regulatory investigation or enforcement
 proceeding, could materially hurt DCM’s business.

DCM could incur losses due to trading errors.

DCM could make errors in placing transaction orders for client accounts, such as purchasing a security for an account whose investment guidelines prohibited the account from holding the security, purchasing an
 unintended amount of the security, or placing a buy order when DCM intended to place a sell order. If the transaction resulted in a loss for the account, DCM might be required to reimburse the account for the loss, or
 DCM might choose to do so for client relations purposes. Such reimbursements could be substantial.

DCM could lose management fee income from its CDOs because of payment defaults by issuers of collateral held by the CDOs or the triggering of certain structural protections built into CDOs.

Pursuant to the investment management agreements between DCM and the CDOs it manages, DCM’s management fee from the CDO is generally subject to a “waterfall” structure, under which DCM will not
 receive all or a portion of its fees if, among other things, the CDO does not have sufficient cash flows from its underlying collateral (such as corporate bonds or bank loans) to pay the required interest on the notes it has
 issued to investors and certain expenses. This could occur if there are defaults by issuers of the collateral on their payments of principal or interest relating to the collateral. In that event, DCM’s management fees would
 be deferred until funds are available to pay the fees, if such funds become available. In addition, many CDOs have structural provisions meant to protect investors from deterioration in the credit quality of the underlying
 collateral pool. If those provisions are triggered, then certain portions of DCM’s management fees may be deferred indefinitely.

DCM may be unable to increase its assets under management in certain of its investment vehicles, or it may have to reduce such assets, because of capacity constraints.

A number of DCM’s investment vehicles are limited in the amount of client assets they can accommodate by the amount of liquidity in the instruments traded by such vehicles, the arbitrage opportunities available
 in those instruments, or other factors. Thus, DCM may manage investment vehicles that are relatively successful but that cannot accept additional capital because of such constraints. In addition, DCM might have to
 reduce the amount of assets managed in investment vehicles that face capacity constraints. Changes in the fixed income markets could materially reduce capacity, such as an increase in the number of asset managers using
 the same or similar strategies as DCM.

24

The fixed income investment management market is highly competitive and DCM may lose client assets due to competition from other asset managers who have greater resources than DCM does or who are
 able to offer services and products at more competitive prices.

The alternative asset management industry is highly competitive. Many firms offer similar and additional investment management products and services to the same clients that DCM targets. DCM currently focuses
 almost exclusively on fixed income securities and related financial instruments in managing client accounts. DCM has limited experience in investing in equity securities. This is in contrast to numerous other asset
 managers with comparable assets under management, which have significant background and experience in both the equity and debt markets. In addition, many of DCM’s competitors have or may in the future develop
 greater financial and other resources, more extensive distribution capabilities, more effective marketing strategies, more attractive fund structures and broader name recognition. DCM’s competitors may be able to use
 these resources and capabilities to place DCM at a competitive disadvantage in retaining assets under management and achieving increased market penetration. Also, DCM may be at a disadvantage in competing with
 other asset managers that are subject to less regulation and thus less restricted in their client solicitation and portfolio management activities, and DCM may be competing for non-U.S. clients with asset managers that are
 based in the jurisdiction of the prospective client’s domicile. Because barriers to entry into the alternative asset management business are low, DCM may face increased competition from many new entrants into DCM’s
 relatively limited market of providing fixed income asset management services to institutional clients. Also, DCM is a relatively recent entrant into the REIT management business and DCM competes in this area against
 numerous firms that are larger, more experienced or both.

Additionally, if other asset managers offer services and products at more competitive prices than DCM offers, DCM may not be able to maintain its current fee structure. Although DCM’s investment management
 fees vary from product to product, historically DCM has competed primarily on the performance of its products and not on the level of its investment management fees relative to those of its competitors. In recent years,
 however, despite the fact that alternative asset managers typically charge higher fees than traditional managers, particularly with respect to hedge funds and similar products, there has been a trend toward lower fees in the
 investment management industry generally. In order to maintain its fee structure in a competitive environment, DCM must be able to continue to provide clients with investment returns and service that make investors
 willing to pay DCM’s fees. DCM cannot assure you that it will succeed in providing investment returns and service that will allow DCM to maintain its current fee structure. Fee reductions on existing or future business
 could have a material adverse effect on DCM’s profit margins and results of operations.

Changes in laws, regulations or government policies affecting DCM’s businesses could limit its revenues, increase its costs of doing business and materially and adversely affect its business.

DCM’s business is subject to extensive government regulation. This regulation is primarily at the federal level, through regulation by the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and regulation
 by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or CFTC, under the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. DCM is also regulated by state regulators. The Investment Advisers Act imposes numerous obligations on
 investment advisers including anti-fraud prohibitions, advertising and custody requirements, disclosure obligations, compliance program duties and trading restrictions. The CFTC regulates commodity futures and option
 markets and imposes numerous obligations on the industry. DCM is registered with the CFTC as both a commodity trading advisor and a commodity pool operator and certain of its employees are registered with the
 CFTC as “associated persons.” DCM is also a member of the National Futures Association, the self-regulatory organization for the U.S. commodity futures industry, and thus subject to its regulations. If DCM fails to
 comply with applicable laws or regulations, DCM could be subject to fines, censure, suspensions of personnel or other sanctions, including revocation of its registration as an investment adviser, commodity trading
 advisor or commodity pool operator. Changes in laws, regulations or government policies could limit DCM’s revenues, increase its costs of doing business and materially adversely affect its business.

DCM Europe’s business is subject to extensive government regulation, primarily by the United Kingdom Financial Services Authority under the U.K. Financial Services and Markets Act of 2000. Such regulation is
 generally similar to the regulation governing DCM.

The non-U.S. domiciled investment funds that DCM manages are regulated in the jurisdiction of their domicile. Changes in the laws or government policies of these foreign jurisdictions could limit DCM’s revenues

25

from these funds, increase DCM’s costs of doing business in these jurisdictions and materially adversely affect DCM’s business.

The level of investor participation in DCM’s products may also be affected by the regulatory and self-regulatory requirements and restrictions applicable to DCM’s products and investors, the financial reporting
 requirements imposed on DCM’s investors and financial intermediaries, and the tax treatment of DCM’s products. Adverse changes in any of these areas may result in a loss of existing investors or difficulties in attracting
 new investors.

Other Risks

We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property, which could harm the value of our brands and hurt our business
.

Our intellectual property is material to the conduct of our business. We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, service marks, trade secrets and similar intellectual property rights to protect our brands and
 other intellectual property. The success of our business strategy depends, in part, on our continued ability to use our existing trademarks and service marks in order to increase brand awareness and further develop our
 branded products in both existing and new markets. If our efforts to protect our intellectual property are not adequate, or if any third party misappropriates or infringes on our intellectual property, either in print or on
 the Internet, the value of our brands may be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, including the failure of our brands to achieve and maintain market acceptance. This could harm our image,
 brand or competitive position and, if we commence litigation to enforce our rights, cause us to incur significant legal fees.

We franchise our restaurant brands to various franchisees. While we try to ensure that the quality of our brands is maintained by all of our franchisees, we cannot assure you that these franchisees will not take actions
 that hurt the value of our intellectual property or the reputation of the Arby’s restaurant system. We have registered certain trademarks and have other trademark registrations pending in the United States and certain
 foreign jurisdictions. The trademarks that we currently use have not been registered in all of the countries outside of the United States in which we do business or may do business in the future and may never be
 registered in all of these countries. We cannot assure you that all of the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property in the United States and foreign countries will be adequate. The laws of some foreign
 countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States.

In addition, we cannot assure you that third parties will not claim infringement by us in the future. Any such claim, whether or not it has merit, could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, cause delays in
 introducing new menu items or investment products or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements. As a result, any such claim could harm our business and cause a decline in our results of operations and
 financial condition.

One of our subsidiaries remains contingently liable with respect to certain obligations relating to a business that we have sold.

In July 1999, we sold 41.7% of our then remaining 42.7% interest in National Propane Partners, L.P. and a sub-partnership, National Propane, L.P. to Columbia Energy Group, and retained less than a 1% special
 limited partner interest in AmeriGas Eagle Propane, L.P. (formerly known as National Propane, L.P. and as Columbia Propane, L.P.). As part of the transaction, our subsidiary, National Propane Corporation, agreed that
 while it remains a special limited partner of AmeriGas, it would indemnify the owner of AmeriGas for any payments the owner makes under certain debt of AmeriGas (aggregating approximately $138.0 million as of
 December 31, 2006), if AmeriGas is unable to repay or refinance such debt, but only after recourse to the assets of AmeriGas. Either National Propane Corporation or AmeriGas Propane, L.P., the owner of AmeriGas,
 may require AmeriGas to repurchase the special limited partner interest. However, we believe it is unlikely that either party would require repurchase prior to 2009 as either AmeriGas Propane, L.P. would owe us tax
 indemnification payments or we would accelerate payment of deferred taxes, which amount to approximately $36.0 million as of December 31, 2006, associated with our sale of the propane business.

Although we believe that it is unlikely that we will be called upon to make any payments under the indemnification described above, if we are required to make such payments it could have a material adverse

26

effect on our financial position and results of operations. You should read the information in “Item. 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital
 Resources” and in Note 27 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Changes in governmental regulation may adversely affect our existing and future operations and results.

Certain of our current and past operations are or have been subject to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations concerning the discharge, storage, handling and disposal of hazardous or toxic
 substances that provide for significant fines, penalties and liabilities, in certain cases without regard to whether the owner or operator of the property knew of, or was responsible for, the release or presence of such
 hazardous or toxic substances. In addition, third parties may make claims against owners or operators of properties for personal injuries and property damage associated with releases of hazardous or toxic substances.
 Although we believe that our operations comply in all material respects with all applicable environmental laws and regulations, we cannot predict what environmental legislation or regulations will be enacted in the
 future or how existing or future laws or regulations will be administered or interpreted. We cannot predict the amount of future expenditures that may be required in order to comply with any environmental laws or
 regulations or to satisfy any such claims. See “Item 1. Business—General—Environmental Matters.”