.

We wish
to caution readers that in addition to the important factors described elsewhere
in this Form 10-K, the following important factors, among others, sometimes have
affected, or in the future could affect, our actual results and could cause our
actual consolidated results during 2008, and beyond, to differ materially from
those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our
behalf.

Risks
Related to Triarc

A
substantial amount of our shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common
Stock is concentrated in the hands of certain stockholders.

As of
February 15, 2008, Nelson Peltz, our Chairman and former Chief Executive
Officer, and Peter May, our Vice Chairman and former President and Chief
Operating Officer, beneficially owned shares of our outstanding Class A Common
Stock and Class B Common Stock, Series 1, that collectively constituted
approximately 36.7% of our Class A Common Stock, 21.3% of our Class B Common
Stock and 34.0% of our total voting power.

Messrs.
Peltz and May may from time to time acquire additional shares of Class A Common
Stock, including by exchanging some or all of their shares of Class B Common
Stock for shares of Class A Common Stock.  Additionally, we may from
time to time repurchase shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common
Stock.  Such transactions could result in Messrs. Peltz and May
together owning more than a majority of our outstanding voting
power.  If that were to occur, Messrs. Peltz and May would be able to
determine the outcome of the election of members of our board of directors and
the outcome of corporate actions requiring majority stockholder approval,
including mergers, consolidations and the sale of all or substantially all of
our assets.  They would also be in a position to prevent or cause a
change in control of us.  In addition, to the extent we issue
additional shares of our Class B Common Stock for acquisitions, financings or
compensation purposes, such issuances would not proportionally dilute the voting
power of existing stockholders, including Messrs. Peltz and May.

Our success
depends substantially upon the continued retention of certain key
personnel.

We
believe that over time our success has been dependent to a significant extent
upon the efforts and abilities of our senior management team.  The
failure by us to retain members of our senior management team, including our
Chief Executive Officer, Roland Smith, could adversely affect our ability to
build on the efforts we have undertaken to increase the efficiency and
profitability of our businesses.

Acquisitions
have been a key element of our business strategy, but we cannot assure you that
we will be able to identify appropriate acquisition targets in the future and
that we will be able to successfully integrate any future acquisitions into our
existing operations.

Acquisitions
involve numerous risks, including difficulties assimilating new operations and
products.  In addition, acquisitions may require significant
management time and capital resources.  We cannot assure you that we
will have access to the capital required to finance potential acquisitions on
satisfactory terms, that any acquisition would result in long-term benefits to
us or that management would be able to manage effectively the resulting
business.  Future acquisitions, if any, are likely to result in the
incurrence of additional indebtedness, which could contain restrictive
covenants, or the issuance of additional equity securities, which could dilute
our existing stockholders.

  Our investment of excess
funds in accounts managed by third parties is subject to risks associated with
the underlying investment strategy of the accounts .

From time to time we place our
excess cash in investment funds or accounts managed by third parties (including
the Management Company).  These funds or accounts are subject to
inherent risks associated with the underlying investment strategy, which may
include significant exposure to the equity markets, the use of leverage and a
lack of diversification.

In
the future, we may have to take actions that we would not otherwise take so as
not to be subject to tax as a “personal holding company.”

If at any
time during the last half of our taxable year, five or fewer individuals own or
are deemed to own more than 50% of the total value of our shares and if during
such taxable year we receive 60% or more of our gross income, as specially
adjusted, from specified passive sources, we would be classified as a “personal
holding company” for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  If this were
the case, we would be
subject to additional taxes at the rate of 15% on a portion of our income, to
the extent this income is not distributed to stockholders.  We do not
currently expect to have any liability in 2008 for tax under the personal
holding company rules.  However, we cannot assure you that we will not
become liable for such tax in the future.  Because we do not wish to
be classified as a personal holding company or to incur any personal holding
company tax, we may be required in the future to take actions that we would not
otherwise take. These actions may influence our strategic and business
decisions, including causing us to conduct our business and acquire or dispose
of investments differently than we otherwise would.

 - 9
-

Our
certificate of incorporation contains certain anti-takeover provisions and
permits our board of directors to issue preferred stock and additional series of
Class B Common Stock without stockholder approval.

Certain provisions in our certificate
of incorporation are intended to discourage or delay a hostile takeover of
control of us.  Our certificate of incorporation authorizes the
issuance of shares of “blank check” preferred stock and additional series of
Class B Common Stock, which will have such designations, rights and preferences
as may be determined from time to time by our board of
directors.  Accordingly, our board of directors is empowered, without
stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock and/or Class B Common Stock with
dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights that could adversely
affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of our Class A Common
Stock and Class B Common Stock.  The preferred stock and additional
series of Class B Common Stock could be used to discourage, delay or prevent a
change in control of us that is determined by our board of directors to be
undesirable.  Although we have no present intention to issue any
shares of preferred stock or additional series of Class B Common Stock, we
cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future.

Risks
Related to Arby’s

Our
restaurant business is significantly dependent on new restaurant openings, which
may be affected by factors beyond our control.

Our
restaurant business derives earnings from sales at company-owned restaurants,
franchise royalties received from franchised Arby’s restaurants and franchise
fees from restaurant operators for each new unit opened.  Growth in
our restaurant revenues and earnings is significantly dependent on new
restaurant openings.  Numerous factors beyond our control may affect
restaurant openings.  These factors include but are not limited
to:

 ·

 our
 ability to attract new franchisees;

 ·

 the
 availability of site locations for new
 restaurants;

 ·

 the
 ability of potential restaurant owners to obtain
 financing;

 ·

 the
 ability of restaurant owners to hire, train and retain qualified operating
 personnel;

 ·

 the
 availability of construction materials and
 labor;

 ·

 construction
 and development costs of new restaurants, particularly in
 highly-competitive markets;

 ·

 the
 ability of restaurant owners to secure required governmental approvals and
 permits in a timely manner, or at all;
and

 ·

 adverse
 weather conditions.

Although
as of December 30, 2007, franchisees had signed commitments to open 386 Arby’s
restaurants over the next seven years and have made or are required to make
non-refundable deposits of $10,000 per restaurant, we cannot assure you that
franchisees will meet these commitments and that they will result in open
restaurants.  See “Item 1. Business--Business Operations—Franchise
Network.”

Arby’s
franchisees could take actions that could harm our business.

Arby’s
franchisees are contractually obligated to operate their restaurants in
accordance with the standards ARG sets through its agreements with
them.  ARG also provides training and support to
franchisees.  However, franchisees are independent third parties that
ARG does not control, and the franchisees own, operate and oversee the daily
operations of their restaurants.  As a result, the ultimate success
and quality of any franchise restaurant rests with the franchisee.  If
franchisees do not successfully operate restaurants in a manner consistent with
required standards, royalty payments to us will be adversely affected, the
Arby’s image and reputation could be harmed, which in turn could hurt ARG’s
business and operating results.

ARG’s
success depends on Arby’s franchisees’ participation in ARG’s
strategy.

Arby’s
franchisees are an integral part of ARG’s business.  ARG may be unable
to successfully implement ARG’s brand strategies that it believes are necessary
for further growth if Arby’s franchisees do not participate in that
implementation.  The failure of ARG’s franchisees to focus on the
fundamentals of restaurant operations such as quality, service and cleanliness
would have a negative impact on ARG’s success.

 - 10
-

ARG’s
financial results are affected by the financial results of Arby’s
franchisees.

ARG
receives revenue in the form of royalties and fees from Arby’s franchisees,
which are generally based on a percentage of sales at franchised
restaurants.  Accordingly, a substantial portion of ARG’s financial
results is to a large extent dependent upon the operational and financial
success of Arby’s franchisees.  If sales trends or economic conditions
worsen for Arby’s franchisees, their financial results may worsen and ARG’s
royalty revenues may decline.  When ARG sells company-owned
restaurants, ARG is often required to remain responsible for lease payments for
these restaurants to the extent that the purchasing franchisees default on their
leases.  Additionally, if Arby’s franchisees fail to renew their
franchise agreements, or if ARG decides to restructure franchise agreements in
order to induce franchisees to renew these agreements, then ARG’s royalty
revenues may decrease.

ARG

may be unable to manage effectively
its strategy of acquiring and disposing of Arby’s restaurants, which could
adversely affect ARG’s business and financial results.

ARG’s
strategy of acquiring Arby’s restaurants from franchisees and eventually
“re-franchising” these restaurants by selling them to new or existing
franchisees is dependent upon the availability of sellers and buyers as well as
ARG’s ability to negotiate transactions on terms that ARG deems
acceptable.  In addition, the operations of restaurants that ARG
acquires may not be integrated successfully, and the intended benefits of such
transactions may not be realized.  Acquisitions of Arby’s restaurants
pose various risks to ARG’s operations, including:

 ·

 diversion
 of management attention to the integration of acquired restaurant
 operations;

 ·

 increased
 operating expenses and the inability to achieve expected cost savings and
 operating efficiencies;

 ·

 exposure
 to liabilities arising out of sellers’ prior operations of acquired
 restaurants; and

 ·

 incurrence
 or assumption of debt to finance acquisitions or improvements and/or the
 assumption of long-term, non-cancelable
leases.

In
addition, engaging in acquisitions and dispositions places increased demands on
ARG’s operational, financial and management resources and may require ARG to
continue to expand these resources.  If ARG is unable to manage the
acquisition and disposition strategy effectively, its business and financial
results could be adversely affected.

ARG
does not exercise ultimate control over advertising and purchasing for the
Arby’s restaurant system, which could hurt sales and the Arby’s
brand.

Arby’s
franchisees control the provision of national advertising and marketing services
to the Arby’s franchise system through the AFA, a company controlled by Arby’s
franchisees.  Subject to ARG’s right to protect its trademarks, and
except to the extent that ARG participates in the AFA through its company-owned
restaurants, the AFA has the right to approve all significant decisions
regarding the national marketing and advertising strategies and the creative
content of advertising for the Arby’s system.  Although ARG has
entered into a management agreement pursuant to which ARG, on behalf of the AFA,
manages the day-to-day operations of the AFA, many areas are still subject to
ultimate approval by the AFA’s independent board of directors, and the
management agreement may be terminated by either party for any reason upon one
year’s prior notice.  See “Item 1. Business--Business
Operations—Advertising and Marketing.”  In addition, local
cooperatives run by operators of Arby’s restaurants in a particular local area
(including ARG) make their own decisions regarding local advertising
expenditures, subject to spending the required minimum amounts.  ARG’s
lack of control over advertising could hurt sales and the Arby’s
brand.

In
addition, although ARG ensures that all suppliers to the Arby’s system meet
quality control standards, Arby’s franchisees control the purchasing of food,
proprietary paper, equipment and other operating supplies from such suppliers
through ARCOP, Inc., a not-for-profit entity controlled by Arby’s
franchisees.  ARCOP negotiates national contracts for such food,
equipment and supplies.  ARG is entitled to appoint one representative
on the board of directors of ARCOP and participate in ARCOP through its
company-owned restaurants, but otherwise does not control the decisions and
activities of ARCOP except to ensure that all suppliers satisfy Arby’s quality
control standards.  If ARCOP does not properly estimate the needs of
the Arby’s system with respect to one or more products, makes poor purchasing
decisions, or decides to cease its operations, system sales and operating costs
could be adversely affected and the financial condition of ARG or the financial
condition of Arby’s franchisees could be hurt.

Shortages
or interruptions in the supply or delivery of perishable food products could
damage the Arby's brand reputation and adversely affect ARG's operating
results.

ARG and
Arby's franchisees are dependent on frequent deliveries of perishable food
products that meet ARG’s specifications. Shortages or interruptions in the
supply of perishable food products caused by unanticipated demand, problems in
production or distribution, disease or food-borne illnesses, inclement weather
or other conditions could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of
ingredients, which could lower ARG's revenues, increase ARG’s operating costs,
damage Arby's reputation and otherwise harm ARG's business and the businesses of
Arby’s franchisees.

 - 11
-

Additional
instances of mad cow disease or other food-borne illnesses, such as bird flu or
salmonella, could adversely affect the price and availability of beef, poultry
or other meats and create negative publicity, which could result in a decline in
sales.

Additional instances of mad cow disease
or other food-borne illnesses, such as bird flu, salmonella, e-coli or hepatitis
A, could adversely affect the price and availability of beef, poultry or other
meats.  Additional incidents may cause consumers to shift their
preferences to other meats. As a result, Arby’s restaurants could experience a
significant increase in food costs if there are additional instances of mad cow
disease or other food-borne illnesses.

In
addition to losses associated with higher prices and a lower supply of our food
ingredients, instances of food-borne illnesses could result in negative
publicity for Arby’s.  This negative publicity, as well as any other
negative publicity concerning types of food products Arby’s serves, may reduce
demand for Arby’s food and could result in a decrease in guest traffic to Arby’s
restaurants.  A decrease in guest traffic to Arby’s restaurants as a
result of these health concerns or negative publicity could result in a decline
in sales at company-owned restaurants or in ARG’s royalties from sales at
franchised restaurants.

Changes
in consumer tastes and preferences and in discretionary consumer spending could
result in a decline in sales at company-owned restaurants and in the royalties
that ARG receives from franchisees.

The quick
service restaurant industry is often affected by changes in consumer tastes,
national, regional and local economic conditions, discretionary spending
priorities, demographic trends, traffic patterns and the type, number and
location of competing restaurants. ARG’s success depends to a significant extent
on discretionary consumer spending, which is influenced by general economic
conditions and the availability of discretionary income.  Accordingly,
ARG may experience declines in sales during economic downturns.  Any
material decline in the amount of discretionary spending or a decline in family
food-away-from-home spending could hurt ARG’s revenues, results of operations,
business and financial condition.

In
addition, if company-owned and franchised restaurants are unable to adapt to
changes in consumer preferences and trends, ARG and Arby’s franchisees may lose
customers and the resulting revenues from company-owned restaurants and the
royalties that ARG receives from its franchisees may decline.

Changes
in food and supply costs could harm ARG’s results of operations.

ARG’s
profitability depends in part on its ability to anticipate and react to changes
in food and supply costs.  Any increase in food prices, especially
those of beef or chicken, could harm ARG’s operating
results.   Recently, ARG has experienced higher product costs as
a result of (1) increased fuel costs, (2) the weak U.S
. dollar
, which has
resulted in greater foreign demand for U
.S
. food
products
, and
(3) the increased demand for ethanol as a fuel alternative. 
 Ethanol
production has increased the cost of corn
, which has raised
corn oil prices and contributed to higher beef and chicken prices stemming from
increased corn feed pricing. 
 The increase
in fuel costs has also contributed to an increase in distribution costs from
th
e distribution
centers to 
the
restaurants
.  In
addition, ARG is susceptible to increases in food costs as a result of other
factors beyond its control, such as weather conditions, food safety concerns,
product recalls and government regulations.  Additionally, prices for
feed ingredients used to produce beef and chicken could be adversely affected by
changes in global weather patterns, which are inherently
unpredictable.  ARG cannot predict whether it will be able to
anticipate and react to changing food costs by adjusting its purchasing
practices and menu prices, and a failure to do so could adversely affect ARG’s
operating results.  In addition, ARG may not seek to or be able to
pass along price increases to its customers.

Competition
from other restaurant companies could hurt ARG.

The
market segments in which company-owned and franchised Arby’s restaurants compete
are highly competitive with respect to, among other things, price, food quality
and presentation, service, location, and the nature and condition of the
restaurant facility.  Arby’s restaurants compete with a variety of
locally-owned restaurants, as well as competitive regional and national chains
and franchises.  Several of these chains compete by offering high
quality sandwiches and/or menu items that are targeted at certain consumer
groups.  Additionally, many of our competitors have introduced lower
cost, value meal menu options.  ARG’s revenues and those of Arby’s
franchisees may be hurt by this product and price competition.

Moreover,
new companies, including operators outside the quick service restaurant
industry, may enter Arby’s market areas and target Arby’s customer
base.  For example, additional competitive pressures for prepared food
purchases have come from deli sections and in-store cafes of a number of major
grocery store chains, as well as from convenience stores and casual dining
outlets.  Such competitors may have, among other things, lower
operating costs, lower debt service requirements, better locations, better
facilities, better management, more effective marketing and more efficient
operations.  Many of our competitors have substantially greater
financial, marketing, personnel and other resources than we do, which may allow
them to react to changes in pricing and marketing strategies in the quick
service restaurant industry better than we can.  Many of our
competitors spend significantly more on advertising and marketing than we do,
which may give them a competitive advantage over Arby’s through higher levels of
brand awareness among consumers.  All such competition may adversely
affect ARG’s revenues and profits by reducing revenues of company-owned
restaurants and royalty payments from franchised restaurants.

 - 12
-

Current
Arby's restaurant locations may become unattractive, and attractive new
locations may not be available for a reasonable price, if at all.

The
success of any restaurant depends in substantial part on its location. There can
be no assurance that current Arby's locations will continue to be attractive as
demographic patterns change. Neighborhood or economic conditions where Arby's
restaurants are located could decline in the future, thus resulting in
potentially reduced sales in those locations. In addition, rising real estate
prices, particularly in the Northeastern region of the U.S. and in California,
may restrict the ability of ARG or Arby's franchisees to purchase or lease new
desirable locations. If desirable locations cannot be obtained at reasonable
prices, ARG's ability to effect its growth strategies will be adversely
affected.

ARG’s
business could be hurt by increased labor costs or labor shortages.

Labor is
a primary component in the cost of operating our company-owned
restaurants.  ARG devotes significant resources to recruiting and
training its managers and hourly employees.  Increased labor costs due
to competition, increased minimum wage or employee benefits costs or other
factors would adversely impact ARG’s cost of sales and operating
expenses.  In addition, ARG’s success depends on its ability to
attract, motivate and retain qualified employees, including restaurant managers
and staff.  If ARG is unable to do so, its results of operations may
be hurt.

ARG's
leasing and ownership of significant amounts of real estate exposes it to
possible liabilities and losses, including liabilities associated with
environmental matters.

As of
December 30, 2007, ARG leased or owned the land and/or the building for over
1,100 Arby's restaurants. Accordingly, ARG is subject to all of the risks
associated with leasing and owning real estate. In particular, the value of our
real property assets could decrease, and ARG's costs could increase, because of
changes in the investment climate for real estate, demographic trends, supply or
demand for the use of the restaurants, which may result from competition from
similar restaurants in the area, and liability for environmental
matters.

ARG is
subject to federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and
regulations concerning the discharge, storage, handling, release and disposal of
hazardous or toxic substances. These environmental laws provide for significant
fines, penalties and liabilities, sometimes without regard to whether the owner,
operator or occupant of the property knew of, or was responsible for, the
release or presence of the hazardous or toxic substances. Third parties may also
make claims against owners, operators or occupants of properties for personal
injuries and property damage associated with releases of, or actual or alleged
exposure to, such substances.  A number of ARG's restaurant sites were
formerly gas stations or are adjacent to current or former gas stations, or were
used for other commercial activities that can create environmental impacts. ARG
may also acquire or lease these types of sites in the future. ARG has not
conducted a comprehensive environmental review of all of its properties. ARG may
not have identified all of the potential environmental liabilities at its leased
and owned properties, and any such liabilities identified in the future could
cause ARG to incur significant costs, including costs associated with
litigation, fines or clean-up responsibilities.

ARG
leases real property generally for initial terms of 20 years with two
to four additional options to extend the term of the leases in
consecutive five-year increments. Many leases provide that the landlord may
increase the rent over the term of the lease and any renewals thereof. Most
leases require ARG to pay all of the costs of insurance, taxes, maintenance and
utilities. ARG generally cannot cancel these leases. If an existing or future
restaurant is not profitable, and ARG decides to close it, ARG may nonetheless
be committed to perform its obligations under the applicable lease including,
among other things, paying the base rent for the balance of the lease term. In
addition, as each of ARG's leases expires, ARG may fail to
negotiate additional renewals or renewal options, either on
commercially acceptable terms or at all, which could cause ARG to close stores
in desirable locations.

Complaints
or litigation may hurt ARG.

Occasionally,
ARG’s customers file complaints or lawsuits against it alleging that ARG is
responsible for an illness or injury they suffered at or after a visit to an
Arby’s restaurant, or alleging that there was a problem with food quality or
operations at an Arby’s restaurant.  ARG is also subject to a variety
of other claims arising in the ordinary course of our business, including
personal injury claims, contract claims, claims from franchisees and claims
alleging violations of federal and state law regarding workplace and employment
matters, discrimination and similar matters.  ARG could also become
subject to class action lawsuits related to these matters in the
future.  Regardless of whether any claims against ARG are valid or
whether ARG is found to be liable, claims may be expensive to defend and may
divert management’s attention away from operations and hurt ARG’s
performance.  A judgment significantly in excess of ARG’s insurance
coverage for any claims could materially adversely affect ARG’s financial
condition or results of operations.  Further, adverse publicity
resulting from these allegations may hurt ARG and Arby’s
franchisees.

Additionally,
the restaurant industry has been subject to a number of claims that the menus
and actions of restaurant chains have led to the obesity of certain of their
customers.  Adverse publicity resulting from these allegations may
harm the reputation of Arby’s restaurants, even if the allegations are not
directed against Arby’s restaurants or are not valid, and even if ARG is not
found liable or the concerns relate only to a single restaurant or a limited
number of restaurants.  Moreover, complaints, litigation or adverse
publicity experienced by one or
more of Arby’s franchisees could also hurt ARG’s business as a
whole.

 - 13
-

ARG’s
current insurance may not provide adequate levels of coverage against claims it
may file.

ARG
currently maintains insurance it believes is customary for businesses of its
size and type.  However, there are types of losses it may incur that
cannot be insured against or that ARG believes are not economically reasonable
to insure, such as losses due to natural disasters or acts of terrorism.  In addition, ARG
currently self-insures a significant portion of expected losses under its
workers compensation, general liability and property insurance
programs.  Unanticipated changes in the actuarial assumptions and
management estimates underlying ARG’s reserves for these losses could result in
materially different amounts of expense under these programs, which could harm
ARG’s business and adversely affect its results of operations and financial
condition.

Changes
in governmental regulation may hurt ARG’s ability to open new restaurants or
otherwise hurt ARG’s existing and future operations and results.

Each Arby’s restaurant is subject to
licensing and regulation by health, sanitation, safety and other agencies in the
state and/or municipality in which the restaurant is located.  State
and local government authorities may enact laws, rules or regulations that
impact restaurant operations and the cost of conducting those
operations.  For example, recent efforts to require the listing of
specified nutritional information on menus and menu boards could adversely
affect consumer demand for our products, could make our menu boards less
appealing and could increase our costs of doing business.  There can
be no assurance that ARG and/or Arby’s franchisees will not experience material
difficulties or failures in obtaining the necessary licenses or approvals for
new restaurants, which could delay the opening of such restaurants in the
future.  In addition, more stringent and varied requirements of local
governmental bodies with respect to tax, zoning, land use and environmental
factors could delay or prevent development of new restaurants in particular
locations.  ARG, and Arby’s franchisees, are also subject to the Fair
Labor Standards Act, which governs such matters as minimum wages, overtime and
other working conditions, along with the ADA, family leave mandates and a
variety of other laws enacted by the states that govern these and other
employment law matters.  As described more fully under “Item 3. Legal
Proceedings,” one of our subsidiaries was a defendant in a lawsuit alleging
failure to comply with Title III of the ADA at approximately 775 company-owned
restaurants acquired as part of the RTM acquisition in July
2005.  Under a court approved settlement of that lawsuit, ARG
estimates that it will spend approximately $1.15 million per year of capital
expenditures over a seven-year period commencing in 2008 to bring these
restaurants into compliance with the ADA, in addition to paying certain legal
fees and expenses.  ARG cannot predict the amount of any other future
expenditures that may be required in order to permit company-owned restaurants
to comply with any changes in existing regulations or to comply with any future
regulations that may become applicable to ARG’s business.

ARG’s
operations could be influenced by weather conditions.

Weather,
which is unpredictable, can impact Arby’s restaurant sales.  Harsh
weather conditions that keep customers from dining out result in lost
opportunities for Arby’s restaurants.  A heavy snowstorm in the
Northeast or Midwest or a hurricane in the Southeast can shut down an entire
metropolitan area, resulting in a reduction in sales in that
area.  Our first quarter includes winter months and historically has a
lower level of sales at company-owned restaurants.  Because a
significant portion of ARG’s restaurant operating costs is fixed or semi-fixed
in nature, the loss of sales during these periods hurts ARG’s operating margins,
and can result in restaurant operating losses.  For these reasons, a
quarter-to-quarter comparison may not be a good indication of ARG’s performance
or how it may perform in the future.

Due
to the concentration of Arby’s restaurants in particular geographic regions,
ARG’s business results could be impacted by the adverse economic conditions
prevailing in those regions regardless of the state of the national economy as a
whole.

As of
December 30, 2007 ARG and Arby’s franchisees operated Arby’s restaurants in 48
states and four foreign countries.  As of December 30, 2007, the six
leading states by number of operating units were: Ohio, with 291 restaurants;
Michigan, with 196 restaurants; Indiana, with 181 restaurants; Florida, with 176
restaurants; Texas, with 167 restaurants; and Georgia, with 153
restaurants.  This geographic concentration can cause economic
conditions in particular areas of the country to have a disproportionate impact
on ARG’s overall results of operations.  It is possible that adverse
economic conditions in states or regions that contain a high concentration of
Arby’s restaurants could have a material adverse impact on ARG’s results of
operations in the future.

ARG and its
subsidiaries are subject to various restrictions, and substantially all of their
assets are pledged, under a credit agreement.

Under its
credit agreement, substantially all of the assets of ARG and its subsidiaries
(other than real property) are pledged as collateral security. The credit
agreement also contains financial covenants that, among other things, require
ARG and its subsidiaries to maintain certain financial ratios and restrict their
ability to incur debt, pay dividends or make other distributions, enter into
certain fundamental transactions (including sales of assets and certain mergers
and consolidations) and create or permit liens. If ARG and its
subsidiaries are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or otherwise obtain the
funds necessary to make required payments of interest or principal under, or are
unable to comply with covenants of, the credit agreement, then they would be in
default under the terms of the credit agreement, which would preclude the
payment of dividends to Triarc, restrict access to ARG’s revolving line of
credit and, under 

certain
circumstances, permit the lenders to accelerate the maturity of the
indebtedness.  You should read the information in Note 11 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

 - 14
-

We may not be able to adequately
protect our intellectual property, which could harm the value of our brands and
hurt our business.

Our
intellectual property is material to the conduct of our business.  We
rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, service marks, trade secrets
and similar intellectual property rights to protect our brands and other
intellectual property.  The success of our business strategy depends,
in part, on our continued ability to use our existing trademarks and service
marks in order to increase brand awareness and further develop our branded
products in both existing and new markets. If our efforts to protect our
intellectual property are not adequate, or if any third party misappropriates or
infringes on our intellectual property, either in print or on the Internet, the
value of our brands may be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, including the failure of our brands to achieve and maintain market
acceptance.  This could harm our image, brand or competitive position
and, if we commence litigation to enforce our rights, cause us to incur
significant legal fees.

We
franchise our restaurant brands to various franchisees.  While we try
to ensure that the quality of our brands is maintained by all of our
franchisees, we cannot assure you that these franchisees will not take actions
that hurt the value of our intellectual property or the reputation of the Arby’s
restaurant system.

We have
registered certain trademarks and have other trademark registrations pending in
the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions.  The trademarks
that we currently use have not been registered in all of the countries outside
of the United States in which we do business or may do business in the future
and may never be registered in all of these countries.  We cannot
assure you that all of the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual
property in the United States and foreign countries will be
adequate.  The laws of some foreign countries do not protect
intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United
States.

 In
addition, we cannot assure you that third parties will not claim infringement by
us in the future.  Any such claim, whether or not it has merit, could
be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, cause delays in introducing new
menu items or investment products or require us to enter into royalty or
licensing agreements.  As a result, any such claim could harm our
business and cause a decline in our results of operations and financial
condition.

Other
Risks

The
value of our interest in DFR is subject to risks related to that
business.

At
December 30, 2007, as a result of the Deerfield Sale, we hold approximately $48
million principal amount of senior secured notes of DFR and beneficially own
approximately 15% of DFR’s outstanding common stock, assuming conversion of all
convertible preferred stock we own.  DFR is a diversified financial company
that invests in real estate investments, primarily mortgage-backed securities,
as well as corporate investments.  At December 30, 2007, the aggregate
carrying value of our investment in DFR was approximately $118.5 million. 
Our investment in the convertible preferred stock of DFR currently is
non-marketable; however, it is mandatorily redeemable in seven years from
issuance.  We value the preferred shares based on the quoted market price
of the common shares of DFR into which they are convertible.  If those
shares should decline in value other than on a temporary basis, then in the
reporting period in which it is determined that the decline is other than
temporary, all or a portion of the decline would be required to be recognized in
our statement of operations.  Payments to us of principal and interest
under the senior secured notes, which mature in December 2012, are dependent on
the cash flow of DFR.  DFR’s investment portfolio is comprised primarily of
fixed income investments, including mortgage-backed securities and corporate
debt.  Among the factors that may adversely affect DFR’s ability to make
payments under the senior secured notes are the current weakness in the mortgage
sector in particular and the broader financial markets in general.  This
weakness could adversely affect DFR and one or more of its lenders, which could
result in increases in their borrowing costs, reductions in their liquidity and
reductions in the value of the investments in their portfolio, all of which
could reduce DFR’s cash flow and adversely affect its ability to make payments
to us under the senior secured notes.  Such a condition could result in an
impairment charge by us or a provision by us for uncollectible notes receivable
which could be material.

     See Note 32
to the Consolidated Financial Statement for a subsequent event related to our
investments in DFR.

One
of our subsidiaries remains contingently liable with respect to certain
obligations relating to a business that we have sold.

In July
1999, we sold 41.7% of our then remaining 42.7% interest in National Propane
Partners, L.P. and a sub-partnership, National Propane, L.P. to Columbia Energy
Group, and retained less than a 1% special limited partner interest in AmeriGas
Eagle Propane, L.P. (formerly known as National Propane, L.P. and as Columbia
Propane, L.P.).  As part of the transaction, our subsidiary, National
Propane Corporation, agreed that while it remains a special limited partner of
AmeriGas, it would indemnify the owner of AmeriGas for any payments the owner
makes under certain debt of AmeriGas (aggregating approximately $138.0 million
as of December 30, 2007), if AmeriGas is unable to repay or refinance such debt,
but only after recourse to the assets of AmeriGas.  Either National
Propane Corporation or AmeriGas Propane, L.P., the owner of AmeriGas, may
require AmeriGas to repurchase the special limited partner
interest.  However, we believe it is unlikely that either party would
require repurchase prior to 2009 as either AmeriGas Propane, L.P. would owe us
tax
indemnification payments or we would accelerate payment of deferred taxes, which
amount to approximately $35.9 million as of December 30, 2007, associated with
our sale of the propane business.

 - 15
-

Although we believe that it is unlikely
that we will be called upon to make any payments under the indemnification
described above, if we are required to make such payments it could have a
material adverse effect on our financial position and results of
operations.  You should read the information in “Item. 7. Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations--Liquidity and Capital Resources” and in Note 27 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.

Changes
in environmental regulation may adversely affect our existing and future
operations and results.

Certain
of our current and past operations are or have been subject to federal, state
and local environmental laws and regulations concerning the discharge, storage,
handling and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances that provide for
significant fines, penalties and liabilities, in certain cases without regard to
whether the owner or operator of the property knew of, or was responsible for,
the release or presence of such hazardous or toxic substances.  In
addition, third parties may make claims against owners or operators of