.

       We wish to caution readers that in addition to the important factors described elsewhere in this Form 10-K, the following important factors, among others, sometimes have affected, or in the future could affect, our actual results and could cause our actual consolidated results during 2006, and beyond, to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf.

14

Risks Relating to Triarc

A substantial amount of our shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock is concentrated in the hands of certain stockholders.

       As of March 15, 2006, Nelson Peltz, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Peter May, our President and Chief Operating Officer, each individually beneficially owned shares of our outstanding Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, Series 1 (including shares issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2006), that collectively constituted approximately 41.9% of our Class A Common Stock, 29.6% of our Class B Common Stock and 39.7% of our total voting power as of March 15, 2006.

       Messrs. Peltz and May may from time to time acquire additional shares of Class A Common Stock, including by exchanging some or all of their shares of Class B Common Stock for shares of Class A Common Stock. Additionally, the Company may from time to time repurchase shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock. Such transactions could result in Messrs. Peltz and May together owning more than a majority of our outstanding voting power. As a result, Messrs. Peltz and May would be able to determine the outcome of the election of members of our board of directors and the outcome of corporate actions requiring majority stockholder approval, including mergers, consolidations and the sale of all or substantially all of our assets. They would also be in a position to prevent or cause a change in control of us. In
addition, to the extent we issue additional shares of our Class B Common Stock for acquisitions, financings or compensation purposes, such issuances would not proportionally dilute the voting power of existing stockholders, including Messrs. Peltz and May.

Our success depends substantially upon the continued retention of certain key personnel.

       We believe that our success has been and will continue to be dependent to a significant extent upon the efforts and abilities of our senior management team. The failure by us to retain members of our senior management team could adversely affect our ability to build on the efforts undertaken by our current management to increase the efficiency and profitability of our businesses. Specifically, the loss of Nelson Peltz, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, or Peter May, our President and Chief Operating Officer, other members of our senior management team or the senior management of our subsidiaries could adversely affect us.

       We
 are continuing to explore the feasibility, as well as the risks and opportunities,
 of a possible corporate restructuring that may involve the spin-off to our stockholders
 or other disposition of our ownership interest in Deerfield. If the corporate
 restructuring is completed, Messrs. Peltz and May and other members of Triarc's
 senior management will no longer be involved in actively managing Arby's
 and Deerfield and the success of those businesses will depend to a significant
 extent upon the efforts and abilities of their respective senior management
 teams following the restructuring. In addition, the Principals have started
 the Funds, which are separate and distinct from Triarc and which are being managed
 by the Principals and other senior officers of Triarc through the Management
 Company formed by the Principals. Although the Principals and other senior officers
 continue to serve as officers of, and be compensated by, Triarc, Triarc is making
 available the services of the Principals and these officers to the Management
 Company. Consequently, the Principals and these officers are no longer providing
 their services exclusively to Triarc. See “Item 1. Business—Business
 Strategy; Potential Corporate Restructuring.”

We have broad discretion in the use of our significant cash, cash equivalents and investments.

       At January 1, 2006, our consolidated cash, cash equivalents and investments (including restricted cash, but excluding investments related to deferred compensation arrangements) totaled approximately $502 million. The foregoing amounts do not reflect the special cash dividend we paid on March 1, 2006, the regular quarterly dividend we paid on March 15, 2006 or the repurchase of a significant portion of our outstanding Notes in February 2006. We have not designated any specific use for our significant cash, cash equivalents and investment position, other than as previously disclosed in connection with future special cash dividends expected to be declared and paid during 2006. See “Item 1. Business—Business Strategy; Potential Corporate Restructuring” and “—Repurchase of 5% Convertible Notes
due 2023; Right to Convert Notes During 2006 Second Fiscal Quarter” above and “Item 5. Market For Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities” below.

15

Acquisitions have been a key element of our business strategy, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to identify appropriate acquisition targets in the future and that we will be able to successfully integrate any future acquisitions into our existing operations.

       Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including difficulties assimilating new operations and products. In addition, acquisitions may require significant management time and capital resources. We cannot assure you that we will have access to the capital required to finance potential acquisitions on satisfactory terms, that any acquisition would result in long-term benefits to us or that management would be able to manage effectively the resulting business. Future acquisitions, if any, are likely to result in the incurrence of additional indebtedness, which could contain restrictive covenants, or the issuance of additional equity securities, which could dilute our existing stockholders.

We cannot assure you that our proposed corporate restructuring will be successfully implemented.

       We
 are continuing to explore the feasibility, as well as the risks and opportunities,
 of a possible corporate restructuring that may involve the spin-off to our stockholders
 or other disposition of our ownership interest in Deerfield. There can be no
 assurance that the corporate restructuring will occur or the form, terms or
 timing of such restructuring if it does occur. Our failure to implement these
 transactions timely and economically could materially increase our costs and
 impair our results of operations. Even if the restructuring is completed, there
 can be no assurance that the expected benefits to Triarc and its stockholders
 would be realized.

Our investment of excess funds may be subject to risk, particularly due to use of leverage and the riskiness of underlying assets.

       From time to time we place our excess cash in investment funds managed by third parties or by Deerfield. Some of these funds use substantial leverage in their trading, including through the use of borrowed funds, total return swaps and/or other derivatives. The use of leverage generates various risks, including the exacerbation of losses, increased interest expense in the case of leverage through borrowing, and exposure to counterparty risk in the case of leverage through derivatives. However, volatility in the value of a fund is a function not only of the amount of leverage employed but also of the riskiness of the underlying investments. Therefore, the greater the amount of leverage used by a fund and the greater the riskiness of a fund's underlying assets, the greater the risk associated with our investment
in such fund.

We may be required to take or not take certain actions, such as foregoing investment opportunities, so as not to be deemed an “investment company” under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

       The Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”), requires the registration of, and imposes various restrictions on the operations of, companies that own “investment securities” having a value exceeding 40% of their assets (excluding government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis, absent an available exclusion. We and/or our subsidiaries may be required to take actions that we and/or our subsidiaries would not otherwise take so as not to be deemed an “investment company” under the 1940 Act. Presently, neither we nor any of our subsidiaries is an investment company required to register under the 1940 Act. If we or one of our subsidiaries invests more than 40% of its assets in investment securities, and is unable to rely on an exclusion from being
an investment company, we and/or that subsidiary might be required to register under and thus become subject to the restrictions of the 1940 Act. We and our subsidiaries intend to continue to make acquisitions and other investments in a manner so as not to be an investment company. As a result, we and/or our subsidiaries may forego investments that we and/or our subsidiaries might otherwise make or retain or dispose of investments or assets that we and/or our subsidiaries might otherwise sell or hold.

In the future, we may have to take actions that we would not otherwise take so as not to be subject to tax as a “personal holding company.”

       If at any time during the last half of our taxable year, five or fewer individuals own or are deemed to own more than 50% of the total value of our shares and if during such taxable year we receive 60% or more of our gross income, as specially adjusted, from specified passive sources, we would be classified as a “personal holding company” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If this were the case, we would be subject to additional taxes at

16

the rate of 15% on a portion of our income, to the extent this income is not distributed to shareholders. We do not currently expect to have any liability in 2006 for tax under the personal holding company rules. However, we cannot assure you that we will not become liable for such tax in the future. Because we do not wish to be classified as a personal holding company or to incur any personal holding company tax, we may be required in the future to take actions that we would not otherwise take. These actions may influence our strategic and business decisions, including causing us to conduct our business and acquire or dispose of investments differently than we otherwise would.

Our certificate of incorporation contains certain anti-takeover provisions and permits our board of directors to issue preferred stock and additional series of Class B Common Stock without stockholder approval.

       Certain provisions in our certificate of incorporation are intended to discourage or delay a hostile takeover of control of us. Our certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of shares of “blank check” preferred stock and additional series of Class B Common Stock, which will have such designations, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our board of directors. Accordingly, our board of directors is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock and/or Class B Common Stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of our Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, Series 1. The preferred stock and additional series of Class B Common Stock could be used
to discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of us that is determined by our board of directors to be undesirable. Although we have no present intention to issue any shares of preferred stock or additional series of Class B Common Stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future.

Risks Relating to Arby's

Our restaurant business is significantly dependent on new restaurant openings, which may be interrupted by factors beyond our control.

       Our restaurant business derives revenues and earnings from franchise royalties and fees from franchised restaurants and sales in company-owned restaurants. Growth in our restaurant revenues and earnings is significantly dependent on new restaurant openings. Numerous factors beyond our control may affect restaurant openings. These factors include but are not limited to:

•

our ability to attract new franchisees;

•

the availability of site locations for new restaurants;

•

the ability of potential restaurant owners to obtain financing;

•

the ability of restaurant owners to hire, train and retain qualified operating personnel;

•

the availability of construction materials and labor;

•

construction and development costs of new restaurants, particularly in highly-competitive markets;

•

the ability of restaurant owners to secure required governmental approvals and permits in a timely manner, or at all; and

•

adverse weather conditions.

       Although as of January 1, 2006, franchisees had signed commitments to open 237 Arby's restaurants over the next six years and have made or are required to make non-refundable deposits of $10,000 per restaurant, we cannot assure you that franchisees will meet these commitments and that they will result in open restaurants. See “Item 1. Business—Business Segments—Restaurant Franchising and Operations (Arby's)—Franchise Network.”

Arby's franchisees could take actions that could harm our business.

       Arby's franchisees are contractually obligated to operate their restaurants in accordance with the standards ARG sets in its agreements with them. ARG also provides training and support to franchisees. However, franchisees are independent third parties that ARG does not control, and the franchisees own, operate and

17

oversee the daily operations of their restaurants. As a result, the ultimate success and quality of any franchise restaurant rests with the franchisee. If franchisees do not successfully operate restaurants in a manner consistent with ARG's standards, the Arby's image and reputation could be harmed, which in turn could hurt ARG's business and operating results.

ARG's success depends on Arby's franchisees' participation in ARG's strategy.

       Arby's franchisees are an integral part of ARG's business. ARG may be unable to successfully implement its brand strategies that it believes are necessary for further growth if Arby's franchisees do not participate in that implementation. The failure of ARG's franchisees to focus on the fundamentals of restaurant operations such as quality, service and cleanliness would have a negative impact on ARG's success.

ARG's financial results are affected by the financial results of Arby's franchisees.

       ARG receives revenue in the form of royalties and fees from Arby's franchisees, which are generally based on a percentage of sales at franchised restaurants. Accordingly, a substantial portion of ARG's financial results is to a large extent dependent upon the operational and financial success of Arby's franchisees, including their implementation of ARG's strategic plans. If sales trends or economic conditions worsen for Arby's franchisees, their financial results may worsen and ARG's collection rates may decline. To the extent ARG divests company-owned restaurants in the future, ARG may also be required to assume the responsibility for lease payments for these restaurants if the relevant franchisees default on their leases. Additionally, if Arby's franchisees fail to renew their franchise
agreements, or if ARG is required to restructure its franchise agreements in connection with such renewal, it could result in decreased revenues for ARG.

ARG may be unable to manage effectively its strategy of acquiring and disposing of Arby's restaurants, which could adversely affect ARG's business and financial results.

       ARG's strategy of acquiring Arby's restaurants from franchisees and eventually “re-franchising” these restaurants by selling them to new or existing franchisees is dependent upon the availability of sellers and buyers as well as ARG's ability to negotiate transactions on terms that ARG deems acceptable. In addition, the operations of restaurants that ARG acquires may not be integrated successfully, and the intended benefits of such transactions may not be realized. Acquisitions of Arby's restaurants pose various risks to ARG's on-going operations, including:

•

diversion of management attention to the integration of acquired restaurant operations;

•

increased operating expenses and the inability to achieve expected cost savings and operating efficiencies;

•

exposure to liabilities arising out of sellers' prior operations of acquired restaurants; and

•

incurrence or assumption of debt to finance acquisitions or improvements and/or the assumption of long-term, non-cancelable leases.

       In addition, engaging in acquisitions and dispositions places increased demands on ARG's operational, financial and management resources and may require ARG to continue to expand these resources. If ARG is unable to manage its acquisition and disposition strategy effectively, its business and financial results could be adversely affected.

ARG does not exercise ultimate control over advertising and purchasing for the Arby's restaurant system, which could hurt sales and the Arby's brand.

       Arby's franchisees control the provision of national advertising and marketing services to the Arby's franchise system through AFA Service Corporation, a company controlled by Arby's franchisees. Subject to ARG's right to protect its trademarks, and except to the extent that ARG participates in AFA through its company-owned restaurants, AFA has the right to approve all significant decisions regarding the national marketing and advertising strategies and the creative content of advertising for the Arby's system. Although ARG has entered into a Management Agreement pursuant to which it manages the day-to-day operations of AFA, many areas are still subject to ultimate approval by AFA's independent Board of Directors and the

18

Management Agreement may be terminated by either party for any reason upon one year's prior notice. See “Item 1. Business—Business Segments—Restaurant Franchising and Operations (Arby's)—Advertising and Marketing.” In addition, local cooperatives run by operators of Arby's restaurants in a particular local area (including ARG) make their own decisions regarding local advertising expenditures, subject to spending the required minimum amounts. ARG's lack of control over advertising could hurt sales and the Arby's brand.

       In addition, although ARG ensures that all suppliers to the Arby's system meet quality control standards, Arby's franchisees control the purchasing of food, proprietary paper and other operating supplies from such suppliers through ARCOP, Inc., a not-for-profit entity controlled by Arby's franchisees. ARCOP negotiates national contracts for such food and supplies. ARG is entitled to appoint one representative on the board of directors of ARCOP and participate in ARCOP through its company-owned restaurants, but otherwise exercises no control over the decisions and activities of ARCOP except to ensure that all suppliers satisfy Arby's quality control standards. If ARCOP does not properly estimate the needs of the Arby's system with respect to one or more products, makes poor purchasing decisions,
or decides to cease its operations, system sales and operating costs could be adversely affected and the financial condition of ARG or Arby's franchisees could be hurt.

Shortages or interruptions in the supply or delivery of perishable food products could damage the Arby's brand reputation and adversely affect ARG's operating results.

       ARG and Arby's franchisees are dependent on frequent deliveries of perishable food products that meet ARG's specifications. Shortages or interruptions in the supply of perishable food products caused by unanticipated demand, problems in production or distribution, disease or food-borne illnesses, inclement weather or other conditions could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of ingredients, which would likely lower ARG's revenues, damage the Arby's reputation and otherwise harm ARG's business.

Additional instances of mad cow disease or other food-borne illnesses, such as bird flu, could adversely affect the price and availability of beef, poultry or other meats and create negative publicity, which could result in a decline in sales.

       Instances of mad cow disease or other food-borne illnesses, such as bird flu, e-coli or hepatitis A, could adversely affect the price and availability of beef, poultry or other meats, including if additional incidents cause consumers to shift their preferences to other meats. As a result, Arby's restaurants could experience a significant increase in food costs if there are additional instances of mad cow disease or other food-borne illnesses.

       In addition to losses associated with higher prices and a lower supply of food ingredients, instances of food-borne illnesses could result in negative publicity for Arby's. This negative publicity, as well as any other negative publicity concerning food products Arby's serves, may reduce demand for Arby's food and could result in a decrease in guest traffic to Arby's restaurants. A decrease in guest traffic to Arby's restaurants as a result of these health concerns or negative publicity could result in a decline in sales at company-owned restaurants or in ARG's royalties from sales at franchised restaurants.

Changes in consumer tastes and preferences and in discretionary consumer spending could result in a decline in sales at company-owned restaurants and in the royalties that ARG receives from franchisees.

       The quick service restaurant industry is often affected by changes in consumer tastes, national, regional and local economic conditions, discretionary spending priorities, demographic trends, traffic patterns and the type, number and location of competing restaurants. ARG's success depends to a significant extent on discretionary consumer spending, which is influenced by general economic conditions and the availability of discretionary income. Accordingly, ARG may experience declines in sales during economic downturns. Any material decline in the amount of discretionary spending or a decline in family food-away-from-home spending could hurt ARG's sales, results of operations, business and financial condition.

       In addition, if company-owned and franchised restaurants are unable to adapt to changes in consumer preferences and trends, ARG and Arby's franchisees may lose customers and the resulting revenues from company-owned restaurants and the royalties that ARG receives from its franchisees may decline.

19

Changes in food and supply costs could harm ARG's results of operations.

       ARG's profitability depends in part on its ability to anticipate and react to changes in food and supply costs. Any increase in food prices, especially that of roast beef, could harm ARG's operating results. While fuel price increases have increased the costs of transportation and distribution generally, ARG's commodity prices have largely been unaffected by these distribution cost increases in 2005 due to purchase contracts for commodities, which are managed by Arby's purchasing cooperative ARCOP, that have allowed only limited increases for distribution costs. As these contracts expire and are replaced, ARG may experience more variability in its commodity prices. In addition, ARG is susceptible to increases in food costs as a result of other factors beyond ARG's control, such as weather conditions,
food safety concerns, product recalls and government regulations. ARG cannot predict whether it will be able to anticipate and react to changing food costs by adjusting its purchasing practices and menu prices, and a failure to do so could adversely affect its operating results. In addition, ARG may not seek to or be able to pass along price increases to its customers.

Competition from other restaurant companies could hurt ARG.

       The market segments in which company-owned and franchised Arby's restaurants compete are highly competitive with respect to, among other things, price, food quality and presentation, service, location, and the nature and condition of the restaurant facility. Arby's restaurants compete with a variety of locally-owned restaurants, as well as competitive regional and national chains and franchises. Several of these chains compete by offering high quality sandwiches and/or menu items that are targeted at certain consumer groups. Additionally, many competitors have introduced lower cost, value meal menu options. ARG's revenues and those of Arby's franchisees may be hurt by this product and price competition.

       Moreover, new companies, including operators outside the quick service restaurant industry, may enter Arby's market areas and target Arby's customer base. For example, additional competitive pressures for prepared food purchases have recently come from deli sections and in-store cafes of several major grocery store chains, as well as from convenience stores and casual dining outlets. Such competitors may have, among other things, lower operating costs, lower debt service requirements, better locations, better facilities, better management, more effective marketing and more efficient operations. All such competition may adversely affect ARG's revenues and profits by reducing gross revenues of company-owned restaurants and royalty payments from franchised restaurants. Many of ARG's competitors have substantially
greater financial, marketing, personnel and other resources than ARG, which may allow them to react to changes in pricing and marketing strategies in the quick service restaurant industry better than ARG can.

Current Arby's restaurant locations may become unattractive, and attractive new locations may not be available for a reasonable price, if at all.

       The success of any restaurant depends in substantial part on its location. There can be no assurance that current Arby's locations will continue to be attractive as demographic patterns change. Neighborhood or economic conditions where Arby's restaurants are located could decline in the future, thus resulting in potentially reduced sales in those locations. In addition, rising real estate prices, particularly in the Northeastern region of the U.S., may restrict the ability of ARG or Arby's franchisees to purchase or lease new desirable locations. If desirable locations cannot be obtained at reasonable prices, ARG's ability to effect its growth strategies will be adversely affected.

ARG's business could be hurt by increased labor costs or labor shortages.

       Labor is a primary component in the cost of operating company-owned restaurants. ARG devotes significant resources to recruiting and training its managers and hourly employees. Increased labor costs due to competition, increased minimum wage or employee benefits costs or other factors would adversely impact ARG's operating expenses. In addition, ARG's success depends on its ability to attract, motivate and retain qualified employees, including restaurant managers and staff. If ARG is unable to do so, its results of operations may be hurt.

20

ARG's leasing and ownership of significant amounts of real estate exposes it to possible liabilities and losses, including liabilities associated with environmental matters.

       As of January 1, 2006, ARG leased or owned the land and/or the building for over 1,000 Arby's restaurants. Accordingly, ARG is subject to all of the risks associated with leasing and owning real estate. In particular, the value of ARG's real property assets could decrease, and ARG's costs could increase, because of changes in the investment climate for real estate, demographic trends and supply or demand for the use of the restaurants, which may result from competition from similar restaurants in the area, as well as liability for environmental matters.

       ARG is subject to federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations concerning the discharge, storage, handling, release and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances. These environmental laws provide for significant fines, penalties and liabilities, sometimes without regard to whether the owner, operator or occupant of the property knew of, or was responsible for, the release or presence of the hazardous or toxic substances. Third parties may also make claims against owners, operators or occupants of properties for personal injuries and property damage associated with releases of, or actual or alleged exposure to, such substances. A number of ARG's restaurant sites were formerly gas stations or are adjacent to current or former gas stations, or were used for other commercial activities
that can create environmental impacts. ARG may also acquire or lease these types of sites in the future. ARG has not conducted a comprehensive environmental review of all of its properties. ARG may not have identified all of the potential environmental liabilities at its leased and owned properties, and any such liabilities identified in the future could cause ARG to incur significant costs, including costs associated with litigation, fines or clean-up responsibilities.

       ARG leases land generally for initial terms of 20 years. Many leases provide that the landlord may increase the rent over the term of the lease. Most leases require ARG to pay all of the costs of insurance, taxes, maintenance and utilities. ARG generally cannot cancel these leases. If an existing or future restaurant is not profitable, and ARG decides to close it, ARG may nonetheless be committed to perform its obligations under the applicable lease including, among other things, paying the base rent for the balance of the lease term. In addition, as each of ARG's leases expires, ARG may fail to negotiate renewals, either on commercially acceptable terms or at all, which could cause ARG to close stores in desirable locations.

Complaints or litigation may hurt ARG.

       Occasionally, customers file complaints or lawsuits against ARG alleging that it is responsible for an illness or injury they suffered at or after a visit to an Arby's restaurant, or alleging that there was a problem with food quality or operations at an Arby's restaurant. ARG is also subject to a variety of other claims arising in the ordinary course of its business, including personal injury claims, contract claims, claims from franchisees and claims alleging violations of federal and state law regarding workplace and employment matters, discrimination and similar matters. ARG could also become subject to class action lawsuits related to these matters in the future. Regardless of whether any claims against ARG are valid or whether ARG is found to be liable, claims may be expensive to defend and may divert
management's attention away from operations and hurt ARG's performance. A judgment significantly in excess of ARG's insurance coverage for any claims could materially adversely affect ARG's financial condition or results of operations. Further, adverse publicity resulting from these allegations may hurt ARG and Arby's franchisees.

       Additionally, the restaurant industry has been subject to a number of claims that the menus and actions of restaurant chains have led to the obesity of certain of their customers. Adverse publicity resulting from these allegations may harm the reputation of Arby's restaurants, even if the allegations are not directed against Arby's restaurants or are not valid, and even if ARG is not found liable or the concerns relate only to a single restaurant or a limited number of restaurants. Moreover, complaints, litigation or adverse publicity experienced by one or more of Arby's franchisees could also hurt ARG's business as a whole.

ARG's current insurance may not provide adequate levels of coverage against claims it may file.

       ARG currently maintains insurance customary for businesses of its size and type. However, there are types of losses ARG may incur that cannot be insured against or that ARG believes are not economically reasonable to insure, such as losses due to natural disasters or acts of terrorism. In addition, ARG currently self-insures a significant portion of expected losses under its workers compensation, general liability and property insurance

21

programs. Unanticipated changes in the actuarial assumptions and management estimates underlying ARG's reserves for these losses could result in materially different amounts of expense under these programs, which could harm ARG's business and adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition.

Changes in governmental regulation may hurt ARG's ability to open new restaurants or otherwise hurt ARG's existing and future operations and results.

       Each Arby's restaurant is subject to licensing and regulation by health, sanitation, safety and other agencies in the state and/or municipality in which the restaurant is located. There can be no assurance that ARG, or Arby's franchisees, will not experience material difficulties or failures in obtaining the necessary licenses or approvals for new restaurants, which could delay the opening of such restaurants in the future. In addition, more stringent and varied requirements of local and tax governmental bodies with respect to zoning, land use and environmental factors could delay or prevent development of new restaurants in particular locations. ARG, and Arby's franchisees, are also subject to the Fair Labor Standards Act, which governs such matters as minimum wages, overtime and other working conditions,
along with the ADA, family leave mandates and a variety of other laws enacted by the states that govern these and other employment law matters. As described more fully under “Item 3. Legal Proceedings,” one of ARG's subsidiaries is a defendant in a lawsuit alleging failure to comply with Title III of the ADA at approximately 775 company-owned restaurants acquired as part of the July 2005 acquisition of the RTM Restaurant Group. Under a proposed settlement of that lawsuit, ARG estimates that it will spend approximately $1.0 million per year of capital expenditures over an eight-year period to bring these restaurants into compliance with the ADA. ARG cannot predict the amount of any other future expenditures that may be required in order to permit company-owned restaurants to comply with any changes in existing regulations or to comply with any future regulations that may become
applicable to ARG's business.

ARG's operations could be influenced by weather conditions.

       Weather, which is unpredictable, can impact sales at Arby's restaurants. Harsh weather conditions that keep customers from dining out result in lost opportunities for Arby's restaurants. A heavy snowstorm in the Northeast or Midwest or a hurricane in the Southeast can shut down an entire metropolitan area, resulting in a reduction in sales in that area. Our first quarter includes winter months and historically has a lower level of sales at company-owned restaurants. Because a significant portion of ARG's restaurant operating costs is fixed or semi-fixed in nature, the loss of sales during these periods hurts ARG's operating margins, resulting in restaurant operating losses. For these reasons, a quarter-to-quarter comparison may not be a good indication of ARG's performance or how ARG may perform
in the future.

ARG and its subsidiaries are subject to various restrictions, and substantially all of their assets are pledged, under a credit agreement.

       Under ARG's $720 million credit agreement, substantially all of the assets of ARG and its subsidiaries, other than real property, are pledged as collateral security. The credit agreement also contains financial covenants that, among other things, require ARG and its subsidiaries to maintain certain financial ratios and restrict their ability to incur debt, pay dividends or make other distributions, enter into certain fundamental transactions (including sales of assets and certain mergers and consolidations) and create or permit liens. If ARG and its subsidiaries are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or otherwise obtain the funds necessary to make required payments of interest or principal under, or are unable to comply with covenants of, the credit agreement, they would be in default under the terms of the
credit agreement, which would, under certain circumstances, permit the lenders to accelerate the maturity of the indebtedness. You should read the information in Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Risks Relating to Deerfield

DCM may lose client assets, and thus fee revenue, for various reasons.

       DCM's success depends on its ability to earn investment advisory fees from the client accounts it manages. Such fees generally consist of payments based on the amount of assets in the account (management fees), and on

22

the profits earned by the account or the returns to certain investors in the accounts (performance fees). If there is a reduction in an account's assets, there will be a corresponding reduction in DCM's management fees from the account, and a likely reduction in DCM's performance fees (if any) relating to the account, since the smaller the account's asset base the smaller will be the potential profits earned by the account. There could be a reduction in an account's assets as the result of investment losses in the account, the withdrawal by investors of their capital in the account, or both. Except for the REIT, investors in the accounts managed by DCM have various types of withdrawal rights, ranging from the right of investors in separate accounts to withdraw any or all of their capital on a daily basis, the right of investors in hedge
funds to withdraw their capital on a monthly or quarterly basis, and the right of investors in CDOs to terminate the CDO in specified situations. Investors in hedge funds and managed accounts may withdraw capital for many reasons, including their dissatisfaction with the account's performance, adverse publicity regarding DCM, DCM's loss of key personnel, errors in reporting to investors account values, account performance or other matters resulting from problems in Deerfield's systems technology, investors' desire to invest the capital elsewhere, and their need (in the case of investors that are themselves investment funds) for the capital to fund withdrawals by their investors. DCM could experience a major loss of account assets, and thus advisory fee revenue, at any time.

Poor investment performance could lead to a loss of clients and a decline in DCM's revenues.

       Investment performance is a key factor for the retention of client assets, the growth of DCM's assets under management and the generation of management fee revenue. Poor investment performance could impair DCM's revenues and growth because:

•

existing clients might withdraw funds in favor of better performing products, which would result in lower investment management fees for DCM;

•

DCM's subordinate management fees for a CDO may be deferred;

•

DCM's ability to attract funds from existing and new clients might diminish; and

•

DCM might earn minimal or no performance fees.

       The failure of DCM's investment products to perform well both on an absolute basis and in relation to competing products, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on DCM's business.

DCM derives a substantial portion of its revenues from contracts that may be terminated on short notice.

       DCM derives a substantial portion of its revenues from investment management agreements with accounts that generally have the right to remove DCM as the investment manager of the account and replace it with a substitute investment manager. Some of these investment management agreements may be terminated for various reasons, including failure to follow the account's investment guidelines, fraud, breach of fiduciary duty and gross negligence, or may not be renewed. With respect to DCM's agreements with some of the CDOs it manages, DCM can be removed without cause by investors that hold a specified amount of the securities issued by the CDO. All of DCM's agreements with CDOs allow investors that hold a specified amount of securities issued by the CDO to remove DCM for “cause,” which typically
includes DCM's violation of the management agreement or the CDO's indenture, DCM's breach of its representations and warranties under the agreement, DCM's bankruptcy or insolvency, DCM's fraud or a criminal offense by DCM or its employees, and the failure of certain of the CDO's performance tests. DCM's investment management agreements with separate accounts are typically terminable by the client without penalty on 30 days' notice or less. DCM may not be able to replace these agreements on favorable terms. The revenue loss that would result from any such termination could have a material adverse effect on DCM's business.

DCM could lose client assets as the result of the loss of key DCM personnel.

       DCM generally assigns the management of its investment products to specific teams, consisting of DCM portfolio management and other personnel. The loss of a key member or members of such a team—for example, because of resignation or retirement—could cause investors in the product to withdraw, to the extent they have withdrawal rights, all or a portion of their investment in the product, and adversely affect the marketing of the product to new investors and the product's performance. In the case of some accounts, such as certain CDOs,

23

DCM can be removed as investment manager upon its loss of specified key employees. In addition to the loss of specific portfolio management team members, the loss of one or more members of DCM's senior management involved in supervising the portfolio teams could have similar adverse effects on DCM's investment products.

DCM may need to offer new investment strategies and products in order to continue to generate revenue.

       The segments of the asset management industry in which DCM operates are subject to rapid change. Investment strategies and products that had historically been attractive to investors may lose their appeal for various reasons. Thus, strategies and products that have generated fee revenue for DCM in the past may fail to do so in the future. In such case DCM would have to develop new strategies and products in order to retain investors or replace withdrawing investors with new investors. It could be both expensive and difficult for DCM to develop new strategies and products, and there is no assurance that DCM would be successful in this regard. In addition, alternative asset management products represent a substantially smaller segment of the overall asset management industry than traditional asset management products
(such as many corporate bond funds). DCM's inability to expand its offerings beyond alternative asset management products could inhibit its growth and harm its competitive position in the investment management industry.

Changes in the fixed income markets could adversely affect DCM.

       DCM's success depends largely on the attractiveness to institutional investors of investing in the fixed income markets, and changes in those markets could significantly reduce the appeal of DCM's investment products to such investors. Such changes could include increased volatility in the prices of fixed income instruments, periods of illiquidity in the fixed income trading markets, changes in the taxation of fixed income instruments, significant changes in the “spreads” in the fixed income markets (the amount by which the yields on particular fixed income instruments exceed the yields on benchmark U.S. Treasury securities), and the lack of arbitrage opportunities between U.S. Treasury securities and their related instruments (such as interest rate swap and futures contracts). The fixed income
markets can be highly volatile, and the prices of fixed income instruments may increase or decrease for many reasons beyond DCM's control or ability to anticipate, including economic and political events and acts of terrorism. Any adverse changes in the fixed income markets could reduce DCM's revenues.

The narrowing of CDO spreads could make it difficult for DCM to launch new CDOs.

       It is important for DCM to be able to launch new CDO products from time to time, both to expand its CDO activities (which are a major part of DCM's business) and to replace existing CDOs as they are terminated or mature. The ability to launch new CDOs is dependent on, among other factors, the amount by which the interest earned on the collateral held by the CDO (such as bank loans or corporate bonds) exceeds the interest payable by the CDO on the debt obligations it issues to investors. If these “spreads” are not wide enough, the proposed CDO will not be attractive to investors and thus cannot be launched. There may be sustained periods when such spreads will not be sufficient for DCM to launch new CDO products, which could have a material adverse effect on DCM's business.

DCM could lose client assets as the result of adverse publicity.

       Asset managers such as DCM can be particularly vulnerable to losing clients because of adverse publicity. Asset managers are generally regarded as fiduciaries, and if they fail to adhere at all times to a high level of honesty, fair dealing and professionalism they can incur large and rapid losses of client assets. Accordingly, a relatively small lapse in this regard, particularly if it resulted in a regulatory investigation or enforcement proceeding, could materially hurt DCM's business.

DCM could incur losses due to trading errors.

       DCM could make errors in placing transaction orders for client accounts, such as purchasing a security for an account whose investment guidelines prohibited the account from holding the security, purchasing an unintended amount of the security, or placing a buy order when DCM intended to place a sell order. If the

24

transaction resulted in a loss for the account, DCM might be required to reimburse the account for the loss, or DCM might choose to do so for client relations purposes. Such reimbursements could be substantial.

DCM could lose management fee income from its CDOs because of payment defaults by issuers of collateral held by the CDOs or the triggering of certain structural protections built into CDOs.

       Pursuant to the investment management agreements between DCM and the CDOs it manages, DCM's management fee from the CDO is generally subject to a “waterfall” structure, under which DCM will not receive all or a portion of its fees if, among other things, the CDO does not have sufficient cash flows from its underlying collateral (such as corporate bonds or bank loans) to pay the required interest on the notes it has issued to investors and certain expenses. This could occur if there are defaults by issuers of the collateral on their payments of principal or interest relating to the collateral. In that event, DCM's management fees would be deferred until funds are available to pay the fees, if such funds become available. In addition, many CDOs have structural provisions meant to protect investors
from deterioration in the credit quality of the underlying collateral pool. If those provisions are triggered, then certain portions of DCM's management fees may be deferred indefinitely as discussed above.

DCM may be unable to increase its assets under management in certain of its investment vehicles, or it may have to reduce such assets, because of capacity constraints.

       A number of DCM's investment vehicles are limited in the amount of client assets they can accommodate by the amount of liquidity in the instruments traded by such vehicles, the arbitrage opportunities available in those instruments, or other factors. Thus, DCM may manage investment vehicles that are relatively successful but that cannot accept additional capital because of such constraints. In addition, DCM might have to reduce the amount of assets managed in investment vehicles that face capacity constraints. Changes in the fixed income markets could materially reduce capacity, such as an increase in the number of asset managers using the same or similar strategies as DCM.

The fixed income investment management market is highly competitive and DCM may lose client assets due to competition from other asset managers who have greater resources than DCM does or who are able to offer services and products at more competitive prices.

       The alternative asset management industry is highly competitive. Many firms offer similar and additional investment management products and services to the same clients that DCM targets. DCM currently focuses almost exclusively on fixed income securities and related financial instruments in managing client accounts. DCM has limited experience in investing in equity securities. This is in contrast to numerous other asset managers with comparable assets under management, which have significant background and experience in both the equity and debt markets. In addition, many of DCM's competitors have or may in the future develop greater financial and other resources, more extensive distribution capabilities, more effective marketing strategies, more attractive fund structures and broader name recognition. DCM's
competitors may be able to use these resources and capabilities to place DCM at a competitive disadvantage in retaining assets under management and achieving increased market penetration. Also, DCM may be at a disadvantage in competing with other asset managers that are subject to less regulation and thus less restricted in their client solicitation and portfolio management activities, and DCM may be competing for non-U.S. clients with asset managers that are based in the jurisdiction of the prospective client's domicile. Because barriers to entry into the alternative asset management business are low, DCM may face increased competition from many new entrants into DCM's relatively limited market of providing fixed income asset management services to institutional clients. Also, DCM is a relatively recent entrant into the REIT management business and DCM competes in this area against
numerous firms that are larger, more experienced or both.

       Additionally, if other asset managers offer services and products at more competitive prices than DCM offers, DCM may not be able to maintain its current fee structure. Although DCM's investment management fees vary from product to product, historically DCM has competed primarily on the performance of its products and not on the level of its investment management fees relative to those of its competitors. In recent years, however, despite the fact that alternative asset managers typically charge higher fees than traditional managers, particularly with respect to hedge funds and similar products, there has been a trend toward lower fees in the

25

investment management industry generally. In order to maintain its fee structure in a competitive environment, DCM must be able to continue to provide clients with investment returns and service that make investors willing to pay DCM's fees. DCM cannot assure you that it will succeed in providing investment returns and service that will allow DCM to maintain its current fee structure. Fee reductions on existing or future business could have a material adverse effect on DCM's profit margins and results of operations.

Changes in laws, regulations or government policies affecting DCM's businesses could limit its revenues, increase its costs of doing business and materially and adversely affect its business.

       DCM's business is subject to extensive government regulation. This regulation is primarily at the federal level, through regulation by the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or CFTC, under the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. DCM is also regulated by state regulators. The Investment Advisers Act imposes numerous obligations on investment advisers including anti-fraud prohibitions, advertising and custody requirements, disclosure obligations, compliance program duties and trading restrictions. The CFTC regulates commodity futures and option markets and imposes numerous obligations on the industry. DCM is registered with the CFTC as both a commodity trading advisor and a commodity pool operator and certain of its employees are
registered with the CFTC as “associated persons.” DCM is also a member of the National Futures Association, the self-regulatory organization for the U.S. commodity futures industry, and thus subject to its regulations. If DCM fails to comply with applicable laws or regulations, DCM could be subject to fines, censure, suspensions of personnel or other sanctions, including revocation of its registration as an investment adviser, commodity trading advisor or commodity pool operator. Changes in laws, regulations or government policies could limit DCM's revenues, increase its costs of doing business and materially adversely affect its business.

       Although DCM is not currently directly regulated outside the United States, the non-U.S. domiciled investment funds that DCM manages are regulated in the jurisdiction of their domicile. Changes in the laws or government policies of these foreign jurisdictions could limit DCM's revenues from these funds, increase DCM's costs of doing business in these jurisdictions and materially adversely affect DCM's business. Furthermore, if DCM expands its business into foreign jurisdictions and establishes offices or subsidiaries overseas, it could become subject to non-U.S. laws and government policies.

       The level of investor participation in DCM's products may also be affected by the regulatory and self-regulatory requirements and restrictions applicable to DCM's products and investors, the financial reporting requirements imposed on DCM's investors and financial intermediaries, and the tax treatment of DCM's products. Adverse changes in any of these areas may result in a loss of existing investors or difficulties in attracting new investors.

Other Risks

We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property, which could harm the value of our brands and hurt our business.

       Our intellectual property is material to the conduct of our business. We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, service marks, trade secrets and similar intellectual property rights to protect our brands and other intellectual property. The success of our business strategy depends, in part, on our continued ability to use our existing trademarks and service marks in order to increase brand awareness and further develop our branded products in both existing and new markets. If our efforts to protect our intellectual property are not adequate, or if any third party misappropriates or infringes on our intellectual property, either in print or on the Internet, the value of our brands may be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, including the failure of our brands to achieve and
maintain market acceptance. This could harm our image, brand or competitive position and, if we commence litigation to enforce our rights, cause us to incur significant legal fees.

       ARG franchises our restaurant brands to various franchisees. While ARG tries to ensure that the quality of our brands is maintained by all franchisees, we cannot assure you that these franchisees will not take actions that hurt the value of our intellectual property or the reputation of the Arby's restaurant system. We have registered certain trademarks and have other trademark registrations pending in the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions. The trademarks that we currently use have not been registered in all of the countries

26

outside of the United States in which we do business or may do business in the future and may never be registered in all of these countries. We cannot assure you that all of the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property in the United States and foreign countries will be adequate. The laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States.

       In addition, we cannot assure you that third parties will not claim infringement by us in the future. Any such claim, whether or not it has merit, could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, cause delays in introducing new menu items or investment products or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements. As a result, any such claim could harm our business and cause a decline in our results of operations and financial condition.

One of our subsidiaries remains contingently liable with respect to certain obligations relating to a business that we have sold.

       In July 1999, we sold 41.7% of our then remaining 42.7% interest in National Propane Partners, L.P. and a sub-partnership, National Propane, L.P. to Columbia Energy Group, and retained less than a 1% special limited partner interest in AmeriGas Eagle Propane, L.P. (formerly known as National Propane, L.P. and as Columbia Propane, L.P.). As part of the transaction, our subsidiary, National Propane Corporation, agreed that while it remains a special limited partner of AmeriGas, it would indemnify the owner of AmeriGas for any payments the owner makes under certain debt of AmeriGas (aggregating approximately $138 million as of January 1, 2006), if AmeriGas is unable to repay or refinance such debt, but only after recourse to the assets of AmeriGas. Either National Propane Corporation or AmeriGas Propane, L.P., the owner
of AmeriGas, may require AmeriGas to repurchase the special limited partner interest. However, we believe it is unlikely that either party would require repurchase prior to 2009 as either AmeriGas Propane, L.P. would owe us tax indemnification payments or we would accelerate payment of deferred taxes, which amount to approximately $36.1 million as of January 1, 2006, associated with our sale of the propane business.

       Although we believe that it is unlikely that we will be called upon to make any payments under the indemnification described above, if we are required to make such payments it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. You should read the information in “Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources” and in Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Changes in governmental regulation may adversely affect our existing and future operations and results.

       Certain of our current and past operations are or have been subject to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations concerning the discharge, storage, handling and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances that provide for significant fines, penalties and liabilities, in certain cases without regard to whether the owner or operator of the property knew of, or was responsible for, the release or presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. In addition, third parties may make claims against owners or operators of properties for personal injuries and property damage associated with releases of hazardous or toxic substances. Although we believe that our operations comply in all material respects with all applicable environmental laws and regulations, we cannot predict what environmental legislation or
regulations will be enacted in the future or how existing or future laws or regulations will be administered or interpreted. We cannot predict the amount of future expenditures that may be required in order to comply with any environmental laws or regulations or to satisfy any such claims. See “Item 1. Business—General—Environmental Matters.”