An investment in the Company involves risk, including the possibility that the value of the investment could fall substantially and that dividends or other distributions on the investment could be reduced or eliminated. We discuss below risk factors that could adversely affect our financial results and condition, and the value of, and return on, an investment in the Company.

RISKS RELATED TO THE ECONOMY, FINANCIAL MARKETS, INTEREST RATES AND LIQUIDITY

As one of the largest lenders in the U.S. and a provider of financial products and services to consumers and businesses across the U.S. and internationally, our financial results have been, and will continue to be, materially

affected by

general economic conditions, and a deterioration in economic conditions or in the financial markets may materially adversely affect our lending and other businesses and our financial results and condition. 
 We generate revenue from the interest and fees we charge on the loans and other products and services we sell, and a substantial amount of our revenue and earnings comes from the net interest income and fee income that we earn from our consumer and commercial lending and banking businesses, including our mortgage banking business. These businesses have been, and will continue to be, materially affected by the state of the U.S. economy, particularly unemployment levels and home prices. Although the U.S. economy has continued to gradually improve from the depressed levels of 2008 and early 2009, economic growth has at times been slow and uneven. In addition, the negative effects and continued uncertainty stemming from U.S. fiscal and political matters, including concerns about deficit levels, taxes and U.S. debt ratings, have impacted and may continue to impact the global economic recovery. Moreover, geopolitical matters, including international political unrest or disturbances, Britain’s vote to withdraw from the European Union, as well as continued concerns over commodity prices, restrictions on international trade and corresponding retaliatory measures, and global economic difficulties, may impact the stability of financial markets and the global economy. In particular, Britain’s withdrawal from the European Union and the final terms of its exit following the existing transition period could increase economic barriers between Britain and the European Union, limit our ability to conduct business in the European Union, impose additional costs on us, subject us to different laws, regulations and/or regulatory authorities, or adversely impact our business, 

financial results and operating model. For example, certain operations of our broker-dealer in London may be impacted by the terms and conditions of Britain’s exit. Although we are transitioning certain of these operations to other European countries, there is no guarantee that we will be able to operate or conduct business in the European Union in the same manner or with the same effectiveness following the end of the transition period for Britain’s withdrawal. A prolonged period of slow growth in the global economy, particularly in the U.S., or any deterioration in general economic conditions and/or the financial markets resulting from the above matters or any other events or factors that may disrupt or dampen the global economic recovery
, 
could materially adversely affect our financial results and condition. 

A weakening in business or economic conditions, including higher unemployment levels or declines in home prices, can also adversely affect our borrowers’ ability to repay their loans, which can negatively impact our credit performance. If unemployment levels worsen or if home prices fall we would expect to incur elevated charge-offs and provision expense from increases in our allowance for credit losses. These conditions may adversely affect not only consumer loan performance but also commercial and CRE loans, especially for those business borrowers that rely on the health of industries that may experience deteriorating economic conditions. The ability of these and other borrowers to repay their loans may deteriorate, causing us, as one of the largest commercial and CRE lenders in the U.S., to incur significantly higher credit losses. In addition, weak or deteriorating economic conditions make it more challenging for us to increase our consumer and commercial loan portfolios by making loans to creditworthy borrowers at attractive yields. Furthermore, weak economic conditions, as well as competition and/or increases in interest rates, could soften demand for our loans resulting in our retaining a much higher amount of lower yielding liquid assets on our balance sheet. If economic conditions do not continue to improve or if the economy worsens and unemployment rises, which also would likely result in a decrease in consumer and business confidence and spending, the demand for our credit products, including our mortgages, may fall, reducing our interest and noninterest income and our earnings.

A deterioration in business and economic conditions, which may erode consumer and investor confidence levels, and/or increased volatility of financial markets, also could adversely affect financial results for our fee-based businesses, including our investment advisory, mutual fund, securities brokerage, 

Wells Fargo & Company

103

Risk Factors 
(continued)

wealth management, and investment banking businesses. In 
2019
, approximately 
25%
 of our revenue was fee income, which included trust and investment fees, card fees and other fees. We earn fee income from managing assets for others and providing brokerage and other investment advisory and wealth management services. Because investment management fees are often based on the value of assets under management, a fall in the market prices of those assets could reduce our fee income. Changes in stock market prices could affect the trading activity of investors, reducing commissions and other fees we earn from our brokerage business. In addition, adverse market conditions may negatively affect the performance of products we have provided to customers, which may expose us to legal actions or additional costs. The U.S. stock market experienced all-time highs in 2019, but also experienced significant volatility and there is no guarantee that high price levels will continue or that price levels will stabilize. Poor economic conditions and volatile or unstable financial markets also can negatively affect our debt and equity underwriting and advisory businesses, as well as our trading activities and venture capital businesses. Any deterioration in global financial markets and economies, including as a result of any international political unrest or disturbances, may adversely affect the revenues and earnings of our international operations, particularly our global financial institution and correspondent banking services.

For more information, refer to the “Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management” and “– Credit Risk Management” sections in this Report.

Changes in interest rates and financial market values could reduce our net interest income and earnings, as well as our other comprehensive income, including as a result of recognizing losses on the debt and equity securities that we hold in our portfolio or trade for our customers.

Our net interest income is the interest we earn on loans, debt securities and other assets we hold less the interest we pay on our deposits, long-term and short-term debt, and other liabilities. Net interest income is a measure of both our net interest margin – the difference between the yield we earn on our assets and the interest rate we pay for deposits and our other sources of funding – and the amount of earning assets we hold. Changes in either our net interest margin or the amount or mix of earning assets we hold could affect our net interest income and our earnings. Changes in interest rates can affect our net interest margin. Although the yield we earn on our assets and our funding costs tend to move in the same direction in response to changes in interest rates, one can rise or fall faster than the other, causing our net interest margin to expand or contract. If our funding costs rise faster than the yield we earn on our assets or if the yield we earn on our assets falls faster than our funding costs, our net interest margin could contract.

The amount and type of earning assets we hold can affect our yield and net interest margin. We hold earning assets in the form of loans and debt and equity securities, among other assets. As noted above, if the economy worsens we may see lower demand for loans by creditworthy customers, reducing our net interest income and yield. In addition, our net interest income and net interest margin can be negatively affected by a prolonged low interest rate environment as it may result in us holding lower yielding loans and securities on our balance sheet, particularly if we are unable to replace the maturing higher yielding assets with similar higher yielding assets. Increases in interest rates, however, may negatively affect loan demand and could result in higher credit losses as borrowers may have more difficulty making higher interest payments. As described below, 

changes in interest rates also affect our mortgage business, including the value of our MSRs.

Changes in the slope of the “yield curve” – or the spread between short-term and long-term interest rates – could also reduce our net interest margin. Normally, the yield curve is upward sloping, meaning short-term rates are lower than long-term rates. When the yield curve flattens, or even inverts, our net interest margin could decrease if the cost of our short-term funding increases relative to the yield we can earn on our long-term assets. Moreover, a negative interest rate environment, in which interest rates drop below zero, could reduce our net interest margin and net interest income due to a likely decline in the interest we could earn on loans and other earning assets, while also likely requiring us to pay to maintain our deposits with the FRB.

The interest we earn on our loans may be tied to U.S.-denominated interest rates such as the federal funds rate while the interest we pay on our debt may be based on international rates such as LIBOR. If the federal funds rate were to fall without a corresponding decrease in LIBOR, we might earn less on our loans without any offsetting decrease in our funding costs. This could lower our net interest margin and our net interest income.

We assess our interest rate risk by estimating the effect on our earnings under various scenarios that differ based on assumptions about the direction, magnitude and speed of interest rate changes and the slope of the yield curve. We hedge some of that interest rate risk with interest rate derivatives. We also rely on the “natural hedge” that our mortgage loan originations and servicing rights can provide.

We generally do not hedge all of our interest rate risk. There is always the risk that changes in interest rates, credit spreads or option volatility could reduce our net interest income and earnings, as well as our other comprehensive income, in material amounts, especially if actual conditions turn out to be materially different than what we assumed. For example, if interest rates rise or fall faster than we assumed or the slope of the yield curve changes, we may incur significant losses on debt securities we hold as investments. To reduce our interest rate risk, we may rebalance our portfolios of debt securities, equity securities and loans, refinance our debt and take other strategic actions. We may incur losses when we take such actions.

We hold debt and equity securities, including U.S. Treasury and federal agency securities and federal agency MBS, securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions, residential and commercial MBS, corporate debt securities, other asset-backed securities and marketable equity securities, including securities relating to our venture capital activities. Because of changing economic and market conditions, as well as credit ratings, affecting issuers and the performance of any collateral underlying the securities, we may be required to recognize OTTI in future periods on the securities we hold. Furthermore, the value of the debt securities we hold can fluctuate due to changes in interest rates, issuer creditworthiness, and other factors. Our net income also is exposed to changes in interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates, and equity and commodity prices in connection with our trading activities, which are conducted primarily to accommodate the investment and risk management activities of our customers, as well as when we execute economic hedging to manage certain balance sheet risks. Trading debt securities and equity securities held for trading are carried at fair value with realized and unrealized gains and losses recorded in noninterest income. As part of our business to support our customers, we trade public debt and equity securities that are subject to market fluctuations with gains and losses recognized in net income. In addition, although 

104

Wells Fargo & Company

high market volatility can increase our exposure to trading-related losses, periods of low volatility may have an adverse effect on our businesses as a result of reduced customer activity levels. Although we have processes in place to measure and monitor the risks associated with our trading activities, including stress testing and hedging strategies, there can be no assurance that our processes and strategies will be effective in avoiding losses that could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.

The value of our marketable and nonmarketable equity securities can fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Marketable equity securities are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reflected in earnings. Nonmarketable equity securities are carried under the cost method, equity method, or measurement alternative, while others are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reflected in earnings. Earnings from our equity securities portfolio may be volatile and hard to predict, and may have a significant effect on our earnings from period to period. When, and if, we recognize gains may depend on a number of factors, including general economic and market conditions, the prospects of the companies in which we invest, when a company goes public, the size of our position relative to the public float, and whether we are subject to any resale restrictions.

Nonmarketable equity securities include our private equity and venture capital investments that could result in significant OTTI losses for those investments carried under the measurement alternative or equity method. If we determine there is OTTI for an investment, we write-down the carrying value of the investment, resulting in a charge to earnings, which could be significant.

For more information, refer to the “Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management – Interest Rate Risk”, “– Mortgage Banking Interest Rate and Market Risk”, “– Market Risk – Trading Activities”, and “– Market Risk – Equity Securities” and the “Balance Sheet Analysis – Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities” sections in this Report and Note 4 (Trading Activities), Note 5 (Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities) and Note 8 (Equity Securities) to Financial Statements in this Report.

Uncertainty about the future of the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
 Due to uncertainty surrounding the suitability and sustainability of LIBOR, central banks and global regulators have called for financial market participants to prepare for the discontinuation of LIBOR by the end of 2021. We have a significant number of assets and liabilities referenced to LIBOR and other interbank offered rates such as commercial loans, adjustable-rate mortgage loans, derivatives, debt securities, and long-term debt. When any such benchmark rate or other referenced financial metric is significantly changed, replaced or discontinued, or ceases to be recognized as an acceptable market benchmark rate or financial metric, there may be uncertainty or differences in the calculation of the applicable interest rate or payment amount depending on the terms of the governing instrument.

This could impact the financial performance of previously booked transactions, result in losses on financial instruments we hold, require different hedging strategies or result in ineffective or increased basis risk on existing hedges, impact the overall interest rate environment and the availability or cost of floating-rate funding, and affect our capital and liquidity planning and management. In addition, the transition to using any new benchmark rate or other financial metric may require changes to 

existing transaction data, products, systems, models, operations, and pricing processes, require substantial changes to existing documentation and the renegotiation of a substantial volume of previously booked transactions, and could result in significant operational, systems, or other practical challenges, increased compliance, legal and operational costs, heightened expectations and scrutiny from regulators, reputational harm, or other adverse consequences. Furthermore, the transition away from widely used benchmark rates like LIBOR could result in customers or other market participants challenging the determination of their interest payments, disputing the interpretation or implementation of contract “fallback” provisions and other transition related changes, or entering into fewer transactions or postponing their financing needs, which could reduce our revenue and adversely affect our business. Moreover, to the extent borrowers with loans referenced to LIBOR, such as adjustable rate mortgage loans, experience higher interest payments as a result of the transition to a new benchmark rate, our customers’ ability to repay their loans may be adversely affected, which can negatively impact our credit performance. 

For additional information on the discontinuation of LIBOR and the steps we are taking to address and mitigate the risks we have identified, refer to the “Risk Management - Asset/Liability Management - LIBOR Transition” section in this Report.

Effective liquidity management, which ensures that we can meet customer loan requests, customer deposit maturities/withdrawals and other cash commitments, including principal and interest payments on our debt, efficiently under both normal operating conditions and other unpredictable circumstances of industry or financial market stress, is essential for the operation of our business, and our financial results and condition could be materially adversely affected if we do not effectively manage our liquidity.

Our liquidity is essential for the operation of our business. We primarily rely on bank deposits to be a low-cost and stable source of funding for the loans we make and the operation of our business. Customer deposits, which include noninterest-bearing deposits, interest-bearing checking, savings certificates, certain market rate and other savings, and certain non-U.S. deposits, have historically provided us with a sizable source of relatively stable and low-cost funds. In addition to customer deposits, our sources of liquidity include certain debt and equity securities, our ability to sell or securitize loans in secondary markets and to pledge loans to access secured borrowing facilities through the FHLB and the FRB, and our ability to raise funds in domestic and international money through capital markets.

Our liquidity and our ability to fund and run our business could be materially adversely affected by a variety of conditions and factors, including financial and credit market disruption and volatility or a lack of market or customer confidence in financial markets in general similar to what occurred during the financial crisis in 2008 and early 2009, which may result in a loss of customer deposits or outflows of cash or collateral and/or our inability to access capital markets on favorable terms. Market disruption and volatility could impact our credit spreads, which are the amount in excess of the interest rate of U.S. Treasury securities, or other benchmark securities, of the same maturity that we need to pay to our funding providers. Increases in interest rates and our credit spreads could significantly increase our funding costs. Other conditions and factors that could materially adversely affect our liquidity and funding include a lack of market or customer confidence in the Company or negative news about the Company or the financial services industry generally which also may result in a loss of deposits and/or 

Wells Fargo & Company

105

Risk Factors 
(continued)

negatively affect our ability to access the capital markets; our inability to sell or securitize loans or other assets; disruptions or volatility in the repurchase market which also may increase our short-term funding costs; and, as described below, reductions in one or more of our credit ratings. Many of the above conditions and factors may be caused by events over which we have little or no control. While market conditions have improved since the financial crisis, there can be no assurance that significant disruption and volatility in the financial markets will not occur in the future. For example, concerns over geopolitical issues, commodity and currency prices, as well as global economic conditions, may cause financial market volatility.

In addition, concerns regarding U.S. government debt levels and any associated downgrade of U.S. government debt ratings may cause uncertainty and volatility as well. A downgrade of the sovereign debt ratings of the U.S. government or the debt ratings of related institutions, agencies or instrumentalities, as well as other fiscal or political events could, in addition to causing economic and financial market disruptions, materially adversely affect the market value of the U.S. government securities that we hold, the availability of those securities as collateral for borrowing, and our ability to access capital markets on favorable terms, as well as have other material adverse effects on the operation of our business and our financial results and condition.

As noted above, we rely heavily on bank deposits for our funding and liquidity. We compete with banks and other financial services companies for deposits. If our competitors raise the rates they pay on deposits our funding costs may increase, either because we raise our rates to avoid losing deposits or because we lose deposits and must rely on more expensive sources of funding. Higher funding costs reduce our net interest margin and net interest income. Checking and savings account balances and other forms of customer deposits may decrease when customers perceive alternative investments, such as the stock market, as providing a better risk/return tradeoff. When customers move money out of bank deposits and into other investments, we may lose a relatively low-cost source of funds, increasing our funding costs and negatively affecting our liquidity.

If we are unable to continue to fund our assets through customer bank deposits or access capital markets on favorable terms or if we suffer an increase in our borrowing costs or otherwise fail to manage our liquidity effectively (including on an intraday basis), our liquidity, net interest margin, financial results and condition may be materially adversely affected. As we did during the financial crisis, we may also need, or be required by our regulators, to raise additional capital through the issuance of common stock, which could dilute the ownership of existing stockholders, or reduce or even eliminate our common stock dividend to preserve capital or in order to raise additional capital.

For more information, refer to the “Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management” section in this Report.

Adverse changes in our credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, cash flows, financial results and condition.

Our borrowing costs and ability to obtain funding are influenced by our credit ratings. Reductions in one or more of our credit ratings could adversely affect our ability to borrow funds and raise the costs of our borrowings substantially and could cause creditors and business counterparties to raise collateral requirements or take other actions that could adversely affect our ability to raise funding. Credit ratings and credit ratings agencies’ outlooks are based on the ratings agencies’ analysis of many quantitative and qualitative factors, such as our capital adequacy, liquidity, asset quality, business mix, the level and quality of our earnings, rating agency assumptions regarding the 

probability and extent of federal financial assistance or support, and other rating agency specific criteria. In addition to credit ratings, our borrowing costs are affected by various other external factors, including market volatility and concerns or perceptions about the financial services industry generally. There can be no assurance that we will maintain our credit ratings and outlooks and that credit ratings downgrades in the future would not materially affect our ability to borrow funds and borrowing costs.

Downgrades in our credit ratings also may trigger additional collateral or funding obligations which could negatively affect our liquidity, including as a result of credit-related contingent features in certain of our derivative contracts. Although a one or two notch downgrade in our current credit ratings would not be expected to trigger a material increase in our collateral or funding obligations, a more severe credit rating downgrade of our long-term and short-term credit ratings could increase our collateral or funding obligations and the effect on our liquidity could be material. 

For information on our credit ratings, see the “Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management – Liquidity and Funding – Credit Ratings” section and for information regarding additional collateral and funding obligations required of certain derivative instruments in the event our credit ratings were to fall below investment grade, see Note 18 (Derivatives) to Financial Statements in this Report.

We rely on dividends from our subsidiaries for liquidity, and federal and state law, as well as certain contractual arrangements, can limit those dividends.  
Wells Fargo & Company, the parent holding company (the “Parent”), is a separate and distinct legal entity from its subsidiaries. It receives substantially all of its funding and liquidity from dividends and other distributions from its subsidiaries. We generally use these dividends and distributions, among other things, to pay dividends on our common and preferred stock and interest and principal on our debt. Federal and state laws limit the amount of dividends and distributions that our bank and some of our nonbank subsidiaries, including our broker-dealer subsidiaries, may pay to the Parent. In addition, under a Support Agreement dated June 28, 2017, as amended and restated on June 26, 2019, among the Parent, WFC Holdings, LLC, an intermediate holding company and subsidiary of the Parent (the “IHC”), Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC, and certain other direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Parent designated as material entities for resolution planning purposes or identified as related support entities in our resolution plan, the IHC may be restricted from making dividend payments to the Parent if certain liquidity and/or capital metrics fall below defined triggers or if the Parent’s board of directors authorizes it to file a case under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Also, our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary’s liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary’s creditors.

For more information, refer to the “Regulation and Supervision – Dividend Restrictions” and “– Holding Company Structure” sections in our 
2019
 Form 10-K and to Note 3 (Cash, Loan and Dividend Restrictions) and Note 29 (Regulatory and Agency Capital Requirements) to Financial Statements in this Report.

106

Wells Fargo & Company

RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL REGULATORY REFORM AND OTHER LEGISLATION AND REGULATIONS

Enacted legislation and regulation, including the Dodd-Frank Act, as well as future legislation and/or regulation, could require us to change certain of our business practices, reduce our revenue and earnings, impose additional costs on us or otherwise adversely affect our business operations and/or competitive position.
  Our parent company, our subsidiary banks and many of our nonbank subsidiaries such as those related to our brokerage and mutual fund businesses, are subject to significant and extensive regulation under state and federal laws in the U.S., as well as the applicable laws of the various jurisdictions outside of the U.S. where they conduct business. These regulations protect depositors, federal deposit insurance funds, consumers, investors, team members, and the banking and financial system as a whole, not necessarily our security holders. Economic, market and political conditions during the past few years have led to a significant amount of legislation and regulation in the U.S. and abroad affecting the financial services industry, as well as heightened expectations and scrutiny of financial services companies from banking regulators. These laws and regulations may continue to affect the manner in which we do business and the products and services that we provide, affect or restrict our ability to compete in our current businesses or our ability to enter into or acquire new businesses, reduce or limit our revenue in businesses or impose additional fees, assessments or taxes on us, intensify the regulatory supervision of us and the financial services industry, and adversely affect our business operations or have other negative consequences. Our businesses and revenues in non-U.S. jurisdictions are also subject to risks from political, economic and social developments in those jurisdictions, including sanctions or business restrictions, asset freezes or confiscation, unfavorable political or diplomatic developments, or financial or social instability. In addition, greater government oversight and scrutiny of financial services companies has increased our operational and compliance costs as we must continue to devote substantial resources to enhancing our procedures and controls and meeting heightened regulatory standards and expectations. Any failure to meet regulatory requirements, standards or expectations, either in the U.S. or in non-U.S. jurisdictions, could result in fees, penalties, restrictions on our ability to engage in certain business activities, or other adverse consequences.

On July 21, 2010, the Dodd-Frank Act, which, among other things, imposes significant requirements and restrictions impacting the financial services industry, became law. The Dodd-Frank Act has resulted in significant rulemaking by federal regulators, including the FRB, OCC, CFPB, FDIC, SEC and CFTC, which may continue to impact our business, including the types of products and services we can provide, the manner in which we operate our businesses, and our compliance and risk management activities. The Dodd-Frank Act, including the rules implementing its provisions and the interpretation of those rules, may continue to result in a loss of revenue, require us to change certain of our business practices, limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities, increase our capital requirements and impose additional assessments and costs on us and otherwise adversely affect our business operations and have other negative consequences.

Our consumer businesses, including our mortgage, automobile, credit card and other consumer lending and non-lending businesses, are subject to numerous and, in many cases, highly complex consumer protection laws and regulations, as well as enhanced regulatory scrutiny and more and expanded 

regulatory examinations and/or investigations. In particular, the CFPB’s rules, which primarily impact our consumer businesses, may continue to increase our compliance costs and require changes in our business practices, which could limit or negatively affect the products and services that we offer our customers. If we fail to meet enhanced regulatory requirements and expectations with respect to our consumer businesses, we may be subject to increased costs, fines, penalties, restrictions on our business activities including the products and services we can provide, and/or harm to our reputation.

The Dodd-Frank Act’s proposed prohibitions or limitations on proprietary trading and private fund investment activities, known as the “Volcker Rule,” also may reduce our revenue. Federal banking regulators, the SEC and the CFTC jointly released a final rule to implement the Volcker Rule’s restrictions, and have adopted amendments to the rule to streamline and tailor the requirements for compliance. 

In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act established a comprehensive framework for regulating over-the-counter derivatives and federal regulators, including the CFTC and SEC, have adopted rules regulating swaps, security-based swaps, derivatives activities, and other broker-dealer conduct and activities. These rules may continue to negatively impact customer demand for over-the-counter derivatives, impact our ability to offer customers new derivatives or amendments to existing derivatives, and increase our costs for engaging in swaps, security-based swaps, and other derivatives activities. Moreover, these rules may impact the manner in which we conduct business with customers seeking investment advice and may affect certain investment product offerings.

We are also subject to various rules and regulations related to the prevention of financial crimes and combating terrorism, including the U.S. Patriot Act of 2001. These rules and regulations require us to, among other things, implement policies and procedures related to anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and corruption, fraud, compliance, suspicious activities, currency transaction reporting and due diligence on customers. Although we have policies and procedures designed to comply with these rules and regulations, to the extent they are not fully effective or do not meet heightened regulatory standards or expectations, we may be subject to fines, penalties, restrictions on certain activities, reputational harm, or other adverse consequences.

Our businesses are also subject to laws and regulations enacted by U.S. and non-U.S. regulators and governmental authorities relating to the privacy of the information of customers, team members and others. These laws and regulations, among other things, increase our compliance obligations; have a significant impact on our businesses’ collection, processing, sharing, use, and retention of personal data and reporting of data breaches; and provide for significantly increased penalties for non-compliance.

In March 2017, we announced that the OCC had downgraded our most recent Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) rating, which covers the years 2009-2012, to “Needs to Improve” due to previously issued regulatory consent orders. A “Needs to Improve” rating imposes regulatory restrictions and limitations on certain of the Company’s nonbank activities, including its ability to engage in certain nonbank mergers and acquisitions or undertake new financial in nature activities, and CRA performance is taken into account by regulators in reviewing applications to establish bank branches and for approving proposed bank mergers and acquisitions. The rating also results in the loss of expedited processing of applications to undertake certain activities, and requires the Company to receive 

Wells Fargo & Company

107

Risk Factors 
(continued)

prior regulatory approval for certain activities, including to issue or prepay certain subordinated debt obligations, open or relocate bank branches, or make certain public welfare investments. In addition, a “Needs to Improve” rating could have an impact on the Company’s relationships with certain states, counties, municipalities or other public agencies to the extent applicable law, regulation or policy limits, restricts or influences whether such entity may do business with a company that has a below “Satisfactory” rating.

In addition, we are subject to consent orders with certain of our regulators, including a February 2018 consent order with the FRB regarding the Board’s governance and oversight of the Company, and the Company’s compliance and operational risk management program. The consent order limits the Company’s total consolidated assets to the level as of December 31, 2017, until certain conditions are met. This limitation could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. We are also subject to April 2018 consent orders with the CFPB and OCC regarding the Company’s compliance risk management program and past practices involving certain automobile collateral protection insurance policies and certain mortgage interest rate lock extensions.

 Under the April 2018 consent order with the OCC, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., remains subject to requirements that were originally imposed in November 2016 to provide prior written notice to, and obtain non-objection from, the OCC with respect to changes in directors and senior executive officers, and remains subject to certain regulatory limitations on post-termination payments to certain individuals and employees.

The Company may be subject to further actions, including the imposition of consent orders or similar regulatory agreements or civil money penalties, by other federal regulators regarding similar issues, including the Company’s risk management policies and procedures. Compliance with the February 2018 FRB consent order, the April 2018 CFPB and OCC consent orders, and any other consent orders or regulatory actions, as well as the implementation of their requirements, may continue to increase the Company’s costs, require the Company to reallocate resources away from growing its existing businesses, and require the Company to undergo significant changes to its business, products and services. For more information on the February 2018 FRB consent order and the April 2018 CFPB and OCC consent orders, refer to the “Regulatory Matters” section in this Report.

Other future regulatory initiatives that could significantly affect our business include proposals to reform the housing finance market in the United States. These proposals, among other things, consider ending the conservatorships of the GSEs and reducing or eliminating over time the role of the GSEs in buying mortgage loans or guaranteeing mortgage-backed securities (MBS), as well as the implementation of reforms relating to borrowers, lenders, and investors in the mortgage market. Regulatory changes to limit certain products, phase in a minimum down payment requirement for borrowers, tighten underwriting standards, or change the loan types and MBS pools included in the securitization process are also possible. Congress also may consider legislation to reform the mortgage finance market in an effort to assist borrowers experiencing difficulty making mortgage payments or refinancing their mortgages. The extent and timing of any regulatory reform or the adoption of any legislation regarding the GSEs and/or the home mortgage market, as well as any effect on the Company’s business and financial results, are uncertain.

Any other future legislation and/or regulation, if adopted, also could significantly change our regulatory environment and 

increase our cost of doing business, limit the activities we may pursue or affect the competitive balance among banks, savings associations, credit unions, and other financial services companies, and have a material adverse effect on our financial results and condition.

For more information on the significant regulations and regulatory oversight initiatives that have affected or may affect our business, refer to the “Regulatory Matters” section in this Report and the “Regulation and Supervision” section in our 
2019
 Form 10-K. 

We could be subject to more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements or restrictions on our growth, activities or operations if regulators determine that our resolution or recovery plan is deficient.
 Pursuant to rules adopted by the FRB and the FDIC, Wells Fargo has prepared and submitted a resolution plan, also known as a “living will,” that is designed to facilitate our rapid and orderly resolution in the event of material financial distress or failure. There can be no assurance that the FRB or FDIC will respond favorably to the Company’s resolution plans. If the FRB and/or FDIC determine that our resolution plan has deficiencies, they may impose more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements on us or restrict our growth, activities or operations until we adequately remedy the deficiencies. If the FRB and/or FDIC ultimately determine that we have been unable to remedy any deficiencies, they could require us to divest certain assets or operations. On December 17, 2019, the FRB and FDIC announced that the Company’s 2019 resolution plan did not have any deficiencies, but they identified a specific shortcoming that would need to be addressed.

In addition to our resolution plans, we must also prepare and submit to the FRB a recovery plan that identifies a range of options that we may consider during times of idiosyncratic or systemic economic stress to remedy any financial weaknesses and restore market confidence without extraordinary government support. Our insured national bank subsidiary, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (the “Bank”), must also prepare and submit to the OCC a recovery plan. If either the FRB or the OCC determines that our recovery plan is deficient, they may impose fines, restrictions on our business or ultimately require us to divest assets.

Our security holders may suffer losses in a resolution of Wells Fargo, whether in a bankruptcy proceeding or under the orderly liquidation authority of the FDIC, even if creditors of our subsidiaries are paid in full.
 If Wells Fargo were to fail, it may be resolved in a bankruptcy proceeding or, if certain conditions are met, under the resolution regime created by the Dodd-Frank Act known as the “orderly liquidation authority.” The orderly liquidation authority allows for the appointment of the FDIC as receiver for a systemically important financial institution that is in default or in danger of default if, among other things, the resolution of the institution under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code would have serious adverse effects on financial stability in the United States. If the FDIC is appointed as receiver for the Parent, then the orderly liquidation authority, rather than the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, would determine the powers of the receiver and the rights and obligations of our security holders. The FDIC’s orderly liquidation authority requires that security holders of a company in receivership bear all losses before U.S. taxpayers are exposed to any losses, and allows the FDIC to disregard the strict priority of creditor claims under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in certain circumstances.

The strategy described in our most recent resolution plan is a single point of entry strategy, in which the Parent would likely 

108

Wells Fargo & Company

be the only material legal entity to enter resolution proceedings. However, we are not obligated to maintain a single point of entry strategy, and the strategy described in our resolution plan is not binding in the event of an actual resolution of Wells Fargo, whether conducted under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or by the FDIC under the orderly liquidation authority. The FDIC has announced that a single point of entry strategy may be a desirable strategy under its implementation of the orderly liquidation authority, but not all aspects of how the FDIC might exercise this authority are known and additional rulemaking is possible.

To facilitate the orderly resolution of systemically important financial institutions in case of material distress or failure, federal banking regulations require that institutions, such as Wells Fargo, maintain a minimum amount of equity and unsecured debt to absorb losses and recapitalize operating subsidiaries. Federal banking regulators have also required measures to facilitate the continued operation of operating subsidiaries notwithstanding the failure of their parent companies, such as limitations on parent guarantees, and have issued guidance encouraging institutions to take legally binding measures to provide capital and liquidity resources to certain subsidiaries in order to facilitate an orderly resolution. In response to the regulators’ guidance and to facilitate the orderly resolution of the Company, on June 28, 2017, the Parent entered into a support agreement, as amended and restated on June 26, 2019 (the “Support Agreement”), with WFC Holdings, LLC, an intermediate holding company and subsidiary of the Parent (the “IHC”), the Bank, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (“WFS”), Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC (“WFCS”), and certain other direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Parent designated as material entities for resolution planning purposes (the “Covered Entities”) or identified as related support entities in our resolution plan. Pursuant to the Support Agreement, the Parent transferred a significant amount of its assets, including the majority of its cash, deposits, liquid securities and intercompany loans (but excluding its equity interests in its subsidiaries and certain other assets), to the IHC and will continue to transfer those types of assets to the IHC from time to time. In the event of our material financial distress or failure, the IHC will be obligated to use the transferred assets to provide capital and/or liquidity to the Bank, WFS, WFCS, and the Covered Entities pursuant to the Support Agreement. Under the Support Agreement, the IHC will also provide funding and liquidity to the Parent through subordinated notes and a committed line of credit, which, together with the issuance of dividends, is expected to provide the Parent, during business as usual operating conditions, with the same access to cash necessary to service its debts, pay dividends, repurchase its shares, and perform its other obligations as it would have had if it had not entered into these arrangements and transferred any assets. If certain liquidity and/or capital metrics fall below defined triggers, or if the Parent’s board of directors authorizes it to file a case under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, the subordinated notes would be forgiven, the committed line of credit would terminate, and the IHC’s ability to pay dividends to the Parent would be restricted, any of which could materially and adversely impact the Parent’s liquidity and its ability to satisfy its debts and other obligations, and could result in the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings by the Parent at an earlier time than might have otherwise occurred if the Support Agreement were not implemented.

Any resolution of the Company will likely impose losses on shareholders, unsecured debt holders and other creditors of the Parent, while the Parent’s subsidiaries may continue to operate. Creditors of some or all of our subsidiaries may receive 

significant or full recoveries on their claims, while the Parent’s security holders could face significant or complete losses. This outcome may arise whether the Company is resolved under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or by the FDIC under the orderly liquidation authority, and whether the resolution is conducted using a single point of entry strategy or using a multiple point of entry strategy, in which the Parent and one or more of its subsidiaries would each undergo separate resolution proceedings. Furthermore, in a single point of entry or multiple point of entry strategy, losses at some or all of our subsidiaries could be transferred to the Parent and borne by the Parent’s security holders. Moreover, if either resolution strategy proved to be unsuccessful, our security holders could face greater losses than if the strategy had not been implemented.

For more information, refer to the “Regulatory Matters - ‘Living Will’ Requirements and Related Matters” section in this Report.

Bank regulations, including Basel capital and liquidity standards and FRB guidelines and rules, may require higher capital and liquidity levels, limiting our ability to pay common stock dividends, repurchase our common stock, invest in our business, or provide loans or other products and services to our customers
.  The Company and each of our insured depository institutions are subject to various regulatory capital adequacy requirements administered by federal banking regulators. In particular, the Company is subject to rules issued by federal banking regulators to implement Basel III capital requirements for U.S. banking organizations. These capital rules, among other things, establish required minimum ratios relating capital to different categories of assets and exposures. Federal banking regulators have also finalized rules to impose a supplementary leverage ratio on large BHCs like Wells Fargo and our insured depository institutions. The FRB has also finalized rules to address the amount of equity and unsecured long-term debt a U.S. G-SIB must hold to improve its resolvability and resiliency, often referred to as total loss absorbing capacity (TLAC). Similarly, federal banking regulators have issued a final rule that implements a liquidity coverage ratio. 

In addition, as part of its obligation to impose enhanced capital and risk-management standards on large financial firms pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the FRB issued a final capital plan rule that requires large BHCs, including the Company, to submit annual capital plans for review and to obtain regulatory approval before making capital distributions. There can be no assurance that the FRB would respond favorably to the Company’s future capital plans. The FRB has also finalized a number of regulations implementing enhanced prudential requirements for large BHCs like Wells Fargo regarding risk-based capital and leverage, risk and liquidity management, and imposing debt-to-equity limits on any BHC that regulators determine poses a grave threat to the financial stability of the United States. The FRB and OCC have also finalized rules implementing stress testing requirements for large BHCs and national banks. The FRB has also finalized enhanced prudential standards that implement single counterparty credit limits, and has proposed a rule to establish remediation requirements for large BHCs experiencing financial distress. The OCC, under separate authority, has also established heightened governance and risk management standards for large national banks, such as Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.

The Basel standards and federal regulatory capital and liquidity requirements may limit or otherwise restrict how we utilize our capital, including common stock dividends and stock repurchases, and may require us to increase our capital and/or 

Wells Fargo & Company

109

Risk Factors 
(continued)

liquidity. Any requirement that we increase our regulatory capital, regulatory capital ratios or liquidity, including as a result of business growth, acquisitions or a change in our risk profile, could require us to liquidate assets or otherwise change our business, product offerings and/or investment plans, which may negatively affect our financial results. Although not currently anticipated, proposed capital requirements and/or our regulators may require us to raise additional capital in the future. Issuing additional common stock may dilute the ownership of existing stockholders. In addition, federal banking regulations may continue to increase our compliance costs as well as limit our ability to invest in our business or provide loans or other products and services to our customers. 

For more information, refer to the “Capital Management,” “Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management – Liquidity and Funding – Liquidity Standards,” and “Regulatory Matters” sections in this Report and the “Regulation and Supervision” section in our 
2019
 Form 10-K.

FRB policies, including policies on interest rates, can significantly affect business and economic conditions and our financial results and condition. 
 The FRB regulates the supply of money in the United States. Its policies determine in large part our cost of funds for lending and investing and the return we earn on those loans and investments, both of which affect our net interest income and net interest margin. The FRB’s interest rate policies also can materially affect the value of financial instruments we hold, such as debt securities and MSRs. In addition, its policies can affect our borrowers, potentially increasing the risk that they may fail to repay their loans. Changes in FRB policies, including its target range for the federal funds rate or actions taken to increase or decrease the size of its balance sheet, are beyond our control and can be hard to predict. The FRB has stated that in determining the timing and size of any adjustments to the target range for the federal funds rate, the FRB will assess realized and expected economic conditions relative to its objectives of maximum employment and 2% inflation. As noted above, a declining or low interest rate environment and a flattening yield curve which may result from the FRB’s actions could negatively affect our net interest income and net interest margin as it may result in us holding lower yielding loans and debt securities on our balance sheet.

CREDIT RISK

As one of the largest lenders in the U.S., increased credit risk, including as a result of a deterioration in economic conditions or changes in market conditions,

could require us to increase our

provision for credit losses and

allowance for credit losses

and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
  When we loan money or commit to loan money we incur credit risk, or the risk of losses if our borrowers do not repay their loans. As one of the largest lenders in the U.S., the credit performance of our loan portfolios significantly affects our financial results and condition. As noted above, if the current economic environment were to deteriorate, more of our customers may have difficulty in repaying their loans or other obligations which could result in a higher level of credit losses and provision for credit losses. We reserve for credit losses by establishing an allowance through a charge to earnings. The amount of this allowance is based on our assessment of credit losses inherent in our loan portfolio (including unfunded credit commitments). The process for determining the amount of the allowance is critical to our financial results and condition. It requires difficult, subjective and complex judgments about the 

future, including forecasts of economic or market conditions that might impair the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans. We might increase the allowance because of changing economic conditions, including falling home prices and higher unemployment, significant loan growth, changes in consumer behavior or other market conditions that adversely affect borrowers, or other factors. Additionally, the regulatory environment or external factors, such as natural disasters, disease pandemics, or political or social matters, also can influence recognition of credit losses in our loan portfolios and impact our allowance for credit losses.

Future allowance levels may increase or decrease based on a variety of factors, including loan growth, portfolio performance and general economic conditions. While we believe that our allowance for credit losses was appropriate at 
December 31, 2019
, there is no assurance that it will be sufficient to cover future credit losses, especially if housing and employment conditions worsen. In the event of significant deterioration in economic conditions or if we experience significant loan growth, we may be required to build reserves in future periods, which would reduce our earnings.

For more information, refer to the “Risk Management – Credit Risk Management” and “Critical Accounting Policies – Allowance for Credit Losses” sections in this Report.

We may have more credit risk and higher credit losses to the extent our loans are concentrated by loan type, industry segment, borrower type, or location of the borrower or collateral.
  Our credit risk and credit losses can increase if our loans are concentrated to borrowers engaged in the same or similar activities or to borrowers who individually or as a group may be uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic or market conditions. Similarly, challenging economic or market conditions, or trade policies, affecting a particular industry or geography may also impact related or dependent industries or the ability of borrowers living in such affected areas or working in such industries to meet their financial obligations. We experienced the effect of concentration risk in 2009 and 2010 when we incurred greater than expected losses in our residential real estate loan portfolio due to a housing slowdown and greater than expected deterioration in residential real estate values in many markets, including the Central Valley California market and several Southern California metropolitan statistical areas. As California is our largest banking state in terms of loans and deposits, deterioration in real estate values and underlying economic conditions in those markets or elsewhere in California could result in materially higher credit losses. In addition, changes in consumer behavior or other market conditions, such as in response to climate change and other environmental and sustainability concerns, may adversely affect borrowers in certain industries or sectors, which may increase our credit risk and reduce the demand by these borrowers for our products and services. Moreover, deterioration in macro-economic conditions generally across the country could result in materially higher credit losses, including for our residential real estate loan portfolio, which includes nonconforming mortgage loans we retain on our balance sheet. We may experience higher delinquencies and higher loss rates as our consumer real estate secured lines of credit reach their contractual end of draw period and begin to amortize.

We are currently one of the largest CRE lenders in the U.S. A deterioration in economic conditions that negatively affects the business performance of our CRE borrowers, including increases in interest rates, declines in commercial property values, and/or changes in consumer behavior or other market conditions, could 

110

Wells Fargo & Company

result in materially higher credit losses and have a material adverse effect on our financial results and condition. 

Challenges and/or changes in non-U.S. economic conditions may increase our non-U.S. credit risk. Our non-U.S. loan exposure represented approximately 
8%
 of our total consolidated outstanding loans and 
4%
 of our total assets at 
December 31, 2019
. Economic difficulties in non-U.S. jurisdictions could also indirectly have a material adverse effect on our credit performance and results of operations and financial condition to the extent they negatively affect the U.S. economy and/or our borrowers who have non-U.S. operations. 

Due to regulatory requirements, we must clear certain derivative transactions through central counterparty clearinghouses (CCPs), which results in credit exposure to these CCPs. Similarly, because we are a member of various CCPs, we may be required to pay a portion of any losses incurred by the CCP in the event that one or more members of the CCP defaults on its obligations. In addition, we are exposed to the risk of non-performance by our clients for which we clear transactions through CCPs to the extent such non-performance is not sufficiently covered by available collateral.

In order to reduce credit risk and obtain additional funding, from time to time we may securitize or sell similar types or categories of loans that we originate, such as mortgage loans and automobile loans. The agreements under which we do this generally contain various representations and warranties regarding the origination and characteristics of the loans. We may be required to repurchase the loans, reimburse investors and others, or incur other losses, including regulatory fines and penalties, as a result of any breaches in these contractual representations and warranties. For more information about our repurchase obligations with respect to mortgage loans, refer to the “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Mortgage Business” section in this Report.

For more information regarding credit risk, refer to the “Risk Management – Credit Risk Management” section and Note 6 (Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this Report.

OPERATIONAL AND LEGAL RISK

A failure in or breach of our operational or security systems, controls or infrastructure, or those of our third-party vendors and other service providers, could disrupt our businesses, damage our reputation, increase our costs and cause losses.
  As a large financial institution that serves customers through numerous physical locations, ATMs, the internet, mobile banking and other distribution channels across the U.S. and internationally, we depend on our ability to process, record and monitor a large number of customer transactions on a continuous basis. As our customer base and locations have expanded throughout the U.S. and internationally, as we have increasingly used the internet and mobile banking to provide products and services to our customers, and as customer, public, legislative and regulatory expectations regarding operational and information security have increased, our operational systems, controls and infrastructure must continue to be safeguarded and monitored for potential failures, disruptions and breakdowns. Our business, financial, accounting, data processing systems or other operating systems and facilities may stop operating properly, become insufficient based on our evolving business needs, or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control. For example, there could be sudden increases in customer transaction volume; electrical or telecommunications 

outages; degradation or loss of internet, website or mobile banking availability; climate change related impacts and natural disasters such as earthquakes, tornados, and hurricanes; disease pandemics; events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts; and, as described below, cyber attacks or other information security breaches. Furthermore, enhancements and upgrades to our infrastructure or operating systems may be time-consuming, entail significant costs, and create risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones. Due to the complexity and interconnectedness of our systems, the process of enhancing our infrastructure and operating systems, including their security measures and controls, can itself create a risk of system disruptions and security issues. Similarly, we may not be able to timely recover critical business processes or operations that have been disrupted, which may further increase any associated costs and consequences of such disruptions. Although we have business continuity plans and other safeguards in place to help provide operational resiliency, our business operations may be adversely affected by significant and widespread disruption to our physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our businesses and customers. For example, on February 7, 2019, we experienced system issues caused by an automatic power shutdown at one of our main data center facilities. Although applications and related workloads were systematically re-routed to back-up data centers throughout the day, certain of our services, including our online and mobile banking systems, certain mortgage origination systems, and certain ATM functions, experienced disruptions that delayed service to our customers. 

As a result of financial institutions and technology systems becoming more interconnected and complex, any operational incident at a third party may increase the risk of loss or material impact to us or the financial industry as a whole. Furthermore, third parties on which we rely, including those that facilitate our business activities or to which we outsource operations, such as exchanges, clearing houses, financial intermediaries or vendors that provide services or security solutions for our operations, could also be sources of operational risk to us, including from information breaches or loss, breakdowns, disruptions or failures of their own systems or infrastructure, or any deficiencies in the performance of their responsibilities. We are also exposed to the risk that a disruption or other operational incident at a common service provider to those third parties could impede their ability to provide services or perform their responsibilities for us. In addition, we must meet regulatory requirements and expectations regarding our use of third-party service providers, and any failure by our third-party service providers to meet their obligations to us or to comply with applicable laws, rules, regulations, or Wells Fargo policies could result in fines, penalties, restrictions on our business, or other negative consequences. 

Disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure, controls or operating systems that support our businesses and customers, failures of the third parties on which we rely to adequately or appropriately provide their services or perform their responsibilities, or our failure to effectively manage or oversee our third-party relationships, could result in business disruptions, loss of revenue or customers, legal or regulatory proceedings, compliance and other costs, violations of applicable privacy and other laws, reputational damage, or other adverse consequences, any of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.

Wells Fargo & Company

111

Risk Factors 
(continued)

A cyber attack or other information security breach of our technologies, computer systems or networks, or those of our third-party vendors and other service providers, could disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, damage our reputation, increase our costs and cause losses.
  Information security risks for large financial institutions such as Wells Fargo have generally increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet, mobile devices, and cloud technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, activists, and other external parties, including foreign state-sponsored parties. Those parties also may continue to attempt to misrepresent personal or financial information to obtain loans or other financial products from us or attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, or other users of our systems to disclose confidential information in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers. As noted above, our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential information in our computer systems and networks. Our banking, brokerage, investment advisory, and capital markets businesses rely on our digital technologies, computer and email systems, software, hardware, and networks to conduct their operations. In addition, to access our products and services, our customers may use personal smartphones, tablets, and other mobile devices that are beyond our control systems. Although we believe we have robust information security procedures and controls, our technologies, systems, networks, and our customers’ devices may become the target of cyber attacks or other information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of Wells Fargo’s or our customers’ confidential, proprietary and other information, or otherwise disrupt Wells Fargo’s or its customers’ or other third parties’ business operations. For example, various retailers have reported they were victims of cyber attacks in which large amounts of their customers’ data, including debit and credit card information, was obtained. In these situations, we generally incur costs to replace compromised cards and address fraudulent transaction activity affecting our customers. We are also exposed to the risk that a team member or other person acting on behalf of the Company fails to comply with applicable policies and procedures and inappropriately circumvents controls for personal gain or other improper purposes.

Due to the increasing interconnectedness and complexity of financial institutions and technology systems, an information security incident at a third party may increase the risk of loss or material impact to us or the financial industry as a whole. In addition, third parties on which we rely, including those that facilitate our business activities or to which we outsource operations, such as internet, mobile technology and cloud service providers, could be sources of information security risk to us. If those third parties fail to adequately or appropriately safeguard their technologies, systems, and networks, we may suffer material harm, including business disruptions, losses or remediation costs, reputational damage, legal or regulatory proceedings, or other adverse consequences.

To date we have not experienced any material losses relating to cyber attacks or other information security breaches, but there can be no assurance that we will not suffer such losses in the future. Our risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of, among other things, the evolving nature of these threats, the prominent size and scale of Wells Fargo and its role in the financial services industry, our plans to continue to implement our digital and mobile banking channel strategies and 

develop additional remote connectivity solutions to serve our customers when and how they want to be served, our expanded geographic footprint and international presence, the outsourcing of some of our business operations, and the current global economic and political environment. For example, Wells Fargo and other financial institutions continue to be the target of various evolving and adaptive cyber attacks, including malware and denial-of-service, as part of an effort to disrupt the operations of financial institutions, potentially test their cybersecurity capabilities, commit fraud, or obtain confidential, proprietary or other information. Cyber attacks have also focused on targeting online applications and services, such as online banking, as well as cloud-based services provided by third parties, and have targeted the infrastructure of the internet, causing the widespread unavailability of websites and degrading website performance. As a result, information security and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes and systems designed to protect our networks, computers, software and data from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a priority for Wells Fargo. We are also proactively involved in industry cybersecurity efforts and working with other parties, including our third-party service providers and governmental agencies, to continue to enhance defenses and improve resiliency to cybersecurity and other information security threats. As these threats continue to evolve, we may continue to be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities or incidents. Because the investigation of any information security breach is inherently unpredictable and would require time to complete, we may not be able to immediately address the consequences of a breach, which may further increase any associated costs and consequences. Moreover, to the extent our insurance covers aspects of information security risk, such insurance may not be sufficient to cover all losses associated with an information security breach.

Cyber attacks or other information security breaches affecting us or third parties on which we rely, including those that facilitate our business activities or to which we outsource operations, or security breaches of the networks, systems or devices that our customers use to access our products and services, could result in business disruptions, loss of revenue or customers, legal or regulatory proceedings, compliance and other costs, violations of applicable privacy and other laws, reputational damage, or other adverse consequences, any of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.

Our framework for managing risks may not be fully effective in mitigating risk and loss to us.
  Our risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss to us. We have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report and analyze the types of risk to which we are subject, including liquidity risk, credit risk, market risk, interest rate risk, operational risk, legal and compliance risk, and reputational risk, among others. However, as with any risk management framework, there are inherent limitations to our risk management strategies as there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that we have not appropriately anticipated, identified or managed. Our risk management framework is also dependent on ensuring that effective operational controls and a sound culture exist throughout the Company. The inability to develop effective operational controls or to foster the appropriate culture in each of our lines of business, including the inability to align performance management and compensation to 

112

Wells Fargo & Company

achieve the desired culture, could adversely impact the effectiveness of our risk management framework. Similarly, if we are unable to effectively manage our business or operations, we may be exposed to increased risks or unexpected losses. We are also exposed to risks if we do not accurately or completely execute a process or transaction, whether due to human error or otherwise, or if a team member fails to comply with applicable policies and procedures or inappropriately circumvents controls. In certain instances, we rely on models to measure, monitor and predict risks, such as market and interest rate risks, as well as to help inform business decisions; however, there is no assurance that these models will appropriately or sufficiently capture all relevant risks or accurately predict future events or exposures. Furthermore, certain of our models are subject to regulatory review and approval, and any failure to meet regulatory standards or expectations could result in fines, penalties, restrictions on our ability to engage in certain business activities, or other adverse consequences, and any required modifications or changes to these models can impact our capital ratios and requirements and result in increased operational and compliance costs.

In addition, we rely on data to aggregate and assess our various risk exposures and business activities, and any issues with the quality or effectiveness of our data, including our aggregation, management, and validation procedures, could result in ineffective risk management practices, business decisions or customer service, inefficient use of resources, or inaccurate regulatory or other risk reporting. We also use artificial intelligence to help further inform our business decisions and risk management practices, but there is no assurance that artificial intelligence will appropriately or sufficiently replicate certain outcomes or accurately predict future events or exposures. The recent financial and credit crisis and resulting regulatory reform highlighted both the importance and some of the limitations of managing unanticipated risks, and our regulators remain focused on ensuring that financial institutions build and maintain robust risk management policies and practices. If our risk management framework proves ineffective, we could suffer unexpected losses which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.

Risks related to sales practices and other instances where customers may have experienced financial harm.
 Various government entities and offices have undertaken formal or informal inquiries, investigations or examinations arising out of certain sales practices of the Company that were the subject of settlements with the CFPB, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Office of the Los Angeles City Attorney announced by the Company on September 8, 2016. In addition to imposing monetary penalties and other sanctions, regulatory authorities may require admissions of wrongdoing and compliance with other conditions in connection with such matters, which can lead to restrictions on our ability to engage in certain business activities or offer certain products or services, limitations on our ability to access capital markets, limitations on capital distributions, the loss of customers, and/or other direct and indirect adverse consequences. A number of lawsuits have also been filed by non-governmental parties seeking damages or other remedies related to these sales practices. The ultimate resolution of any of these pending legal proceedings or government investigations, depending on the sanctions and remedy sought and granted, could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We may continue to incur additional costs and expenses in order to address and defend these pending legal proceedings and government 

investigations, and we may continue to have increased compliance and other costs related to these matters. Furthermore, negative publicity or public opinion resulting from these matters may increase the risk of reputational harm to our business, which can impact our ability to keep and attract customers, affect our ability to attract and retain qualified team members, result in the loss of revenue, or have other material adverse effects on our results of operations and financial condition.

Furthermore, our priority of rebuilding trust has included an ongoing effort to identify other areas or instances where customers may have experienced financial harm. For example, we have identified certain issues related to past practices involving certain automobile collateral protection insurance policies and certain issues related to the unused portion of guaranteed automobile protection waiver or insurance agreements. The identification of such other areas or instances where customers may have experienced financial harm could lead to, and in some cases has already resulted in, additional remediation costs, loss of revenue or customers, legal or regulatory proceedings, compliance and other costs, reputational damage, or other adverse consequences.

For more information, refer to the “Overview – Retail Sales Practices Matters” and “– Other Customer Remediation Activities” sections and Note 17 (Legal Actions) to Financial Statements in this Report.

We may incur fines, penalties and other negative consequences from regulatory violations, possibly even inadvertent or unintentional violations, or from any failure to meet regulatory standards or expectations. 
 We maintain systems and procedures designed to ensure that we comply with applicable laws and regulations. However, we are subject to heightened compliance and regulatory oversight and expectations, particularly due to the evolving and increasing regulatory landscape we operate in. We are also subject to consent orders with regulators that subject us to various conditions and restrictions. In addition, a single event or issue may give rise to numerous and overlapping investigations and proceedings, either by multiple federal and state agencies in the U.S. or by multiple regulators and other governmental entities in different jurisdictions. Also, the laws and regulations in jurisdictions in which we operate may be different or even conflict with each other, such as differences between U.S. federal and state law or differences between U.S. and non-U.S. laws as to the products and services we may offer or other business activities we may engage in, which can lead to compliance difficulties or issues. Furthermore, many legal and regulatory regimes require us to report transactions and other information to regulators and other governmental authorities, self-regulatory organizations, exchanges, clearing houses and customers. We may be subject to fines, penalties, restrictions on our business, or other negative consequences if we do not timely, completely, or accurately provide regulatory reports, customer notices or disclosures. Moreover, some legal/regulatory frameworks provide for the imposition of fines or penalties for noncompliance even though the noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional and even though there was in place at the time systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance. For example, we are subject to regulations issued by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) that prohibit financial institutions from participating in the transfer of property belonging to the governments of certain non-U.S. countries and designated nationals of those countries. OFAC may impose penalties or restrictions on certain activities for inadvertent or unintentional 

Wells Fargo & Company

113

Risk Factors 
(continued)

violations even if reasonable processes are in place to prevent the violations. Any violation of these or other applicable laws or regulatory requirements, even if inadvertent or unintentional, or any failure to meet regulatory standards or expectations, including any failure to satisfy the conditions of any consent orders, could result in fees, penalties, restrictions on our ability to engage in certain business activities, reputational harm, loss of customers or other negative consequences.

Reputational harm, including as a result of our actual or alleged conduct or public opinion of the financial services industry generally, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
  Reputation risk, or the risk to our business, earnings and capital from negative public opinion, is inherent in our business and has increased substantially because of the financial crisis, our size and profile in the financial services industry, and sales practices related matters and other instances where customers may have experienced financial harm. Negative public opinion about the financial services industry generally or Wells Fargo specifically could adversely affect our reputation and our ability to keep and attract customers. Negative public opinion could result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including sales practices; mortgage, automobile or other consumer lending practices; loan origination or servicing activities; mortgage foreclosure actions; management of client accounts or investments; lending, investing or other business relationships; identification and management of potential conflicts of interest from transactions, obligations and interests with and among our customers; corporate governance; regulatory compliance; risk management; incentive compensation practices; and disclosure, sharing or inadequate protection or improper use of customer information, and from actions taken by government regulators and community or other organizations in response to that conduct. Although we have policies and procedures in place intended to detect and prevent conduct by team members and third-party service providers that could potentially harm customers or our reputation, there is no assurance that such policies and procedures will be fully effective in preventing such conduct. Furthermore, our actual or perceived failure to address or prevent any such conduct or otherwise to effectively manage our business or operations could result in significant reputational harm. In addition, because we conduct most of our businesses under the “Wells Fargo” brand, negative public opinion about one business also could affect our other businesses. Moreover, actions by the financial services industry generally or by certain members or individuals in the industry also can adversely affect our reputation. The proliferation of social media websites utilized by Wells Fargo and other third parties, as well as the personal use of social media by our team members and others, including personal blogs and social network profiles, also may increase the risk that negative, inappropriate or unauthorized information may be posted or released publicly that could harm our reputation or have other negative consequences, including as a result of our team members interacting with our customers in an unauthorized manner in various social media outlets.

Wells Fargo and other financial institutions have been targeted from time to time by protests and demonstrations, which have included disrupting the operation of our retail banking locations and have resulted in negative public commentary about financial institutions, including the fees charged for various products and services. Wells Fargo and other financial institutions have also been subject to negative publicity as a result of providing financial services to or making investments in industries or organizations subject to stakeholder 

concerns. There can be no assurance that continued protests or negative public opinion of the Company specifically or large financial institutions generally will not harm our reputation and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Risks related to legal actions.
  Wells Fargo and some of its subsidiaries are involved in judicial, regulatory, governmental, arbitration, and other proceedings or investigations concerning matters arising from the conduct of our business activities, and many of those proceedings and investigations expose Wells Fargo to potential financial loss. Although we believe we have a meritorious defense in all significant legal actions pending against us, there can be no assurance as to the ultimate outcome. We establish accruals for legal actions when potential losses associated with the actions become probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. We may still incur costs for a legal action even if we have not established an accrual. In addition, the actual cost of resolving a legal action may be substantially higher than any amounts accrued for that action. The ultimate resolution of a pending legal proceeding or investigation, depending on the remedy sought and granted, could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

As noted above, we are subject to heightened regulatory oversight and scrutiny, which may lead to regulatory investigations, proceedings or enforcement actions. In addition to imposing monetary penalties and other sanctions, regulatory authorities may require criminal pleas or other admissions of wrongdoing and compliance with other conditions in connection with settling such matters, which can lead to reputational harm, loss of customers, restrictions on the ability to access capital markets, limitations on capital distributions, the inability to engage in certain business activities or offer certain products or services, and/or other direct and indirect adverse effects. 

For more information, refer to Note 17 (Legal Actions) to Financial Statements in this Report.

RISKS RELATED TO OUR MORTGAGE BUSINESS

Our mortgage banking revenue can be volatile from quarter to quarter, including from the impact of changes in interest rates on our origination activity and on the value of our MSRs, MLHFS and associated economic hedges, and we rely on the GSEs to purchase our conforming loans to reduce our credit risk and provide liquidity to fund new mortgage loans.
  We are one of the largest mortgage originators and residential mortgage servicers in the U.S., and we earn revenue from fees we receive for originating mortgage loans and for servicing mortgage loans. As a result of our mortgage servicing business, we have a sizable portfolio of MSRs, which we initially measure and carry using the fair value measurement method. Fair value is the present value of estimated future net servicing income, calculated based on a number of variables, including assumptions about the likelihood of prepayment by borrowers. Changes in interest rates can affect prepayment assumptions and thus fair value. When interest rates fall, borrowers are usually more likely to prepay their mortgage loans by refinancing them at a lower rate. As the likelihood of prepayment increases, the fair value of our MSRs can decrease. Each quarter we evaluate the fair value of our MSRs, and any decrease in fair value reduces earnings in the period in which the decrease occurs. We also measure at fair value MLHFS for which an active secondary market and readily available market prices exist. In addition, we measure at fair value certain other interests we hold related to residential loan sales 

114

Wells Fargo & Company

and securitizations. Similar to other interest-bearing securities, the value of these MLHFS and other interests may be negatively affected by changes in interest rates. For example, if market interest rates increase relative to the yield on these MLHFS and other interests, their fair value may fall.

When rates rise, the demand for mortgage loans usually tends to fall, reducing the revenue we receive from loan originations. Under the same conditions, revenue from our MSRs can increase through increases in fair value. When rates fall, mortgage originations usually tend to increase and the value of our MSRs usually tends to decline, also with some offsetting revenue effect. Even though they can act as a “natural hedge,” the hedge is not perfect, either in amount or timing. For example, the negative effect on revenue from a decrease in the fair value of residential MSRs is generally immediate, but any offsetting revenue benefit from more originations and the MSRs relating to the new loans would generally accrue over time. It is also possible that, because of economic conditions and/or a weak or deteriorating housing market, even if interest rates were to fall or remain low, mortgage originations may also fall or any increase in mortgage originations may not be enough to offset the decrease in the MSRs value caused by the lower rates.

We typically use derivatives and other instruments to hedge our mortgage banking interest rate risk. We may not hedge all of our risk, and we may not be successful in hedging any of the risk. Hedging is a complex process, requiring sophisticated models and constant monitoring, and is not a perfect science. We may use hedging instruments that may not perfectly correlate with the value or income being hedged. We could incur significant losses from our hedging activities. There may be periods where we elect not to use derivatives and other instruments to hedge mortgage banking interest rate risk.

We rely on the GSEs to purchase mortgage loans that meet their conforming loan requirements and on the Federal Housing Authority (FHA) to insure loans that meet their policy requirements. In order to meet customer needs, we also originate loans that do not conform to either the GSEs or FHA standards, which are referred to as “nonconforming” loans. We generally retain these nonconforming loans on our balance sheet. When we retain a loan on our balance sheet not only do we keep the credit risk of the loan but we also do not receive any sale proceeds that could be used to generate new loans. If we were unable or unwilling to retain nonconforming loans on our balance sheet, whether due to regulatory, business or other reasons, our ability to originate new nonconforming loans may be reduced, thereby reducing the interest income we could earn from these loans. Similarly, if the GSEs or FHA were to limit or reduce their purchases or insuring of loans, our ability to fund, and thus originate new mortgage loans, could also be reduced. We cannot assure that the GSEs or FHA will not materially limit their purchases or insuring of conforming loans or change their criteria for what constitutes a conforming loan (e.g., maximum loan amount or borrower eligibility). Each of the GSEs is currently in conservatorship, with its primary regulator, the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA) acting as conservator. While the FHFA has stated that it intends to end the conservatorship, we cannot predict if, when or precisely how the conservatorship will end, or any associated changes to the GSEs business structure and operations that could result. As noted above, there are various proposals to reform the housing finance market in the U.S., including the role of the GSEs in the housing finance market. The impact of any such regulatory reform regarding the housing finance market and the GSEs, including any changes to the GSE’s structure, capital requirements, or market presence, as well as 

any effect on the Company’s business and financial results, are uncertain.

For more information, refer to the “Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management – Mortgage Banking Interest Rate and Market Risk,” “Critical Accounting Policies – Valuation of Residential Mortgage Servicing Rights” and “Critical Accounting Policies - Fair Value of Financial Instruments” sections in this Report.

We may be required to repurchase mortgage loans or reimburse investors and others as a result of breaches in contractual representations and warranties, and we may incur other losses as a result of real or alleged violations of statutes or regulations applicable to the origination of our residential mortgage loans.
  We often sell residential mortgage loans that we originate to various parties, including GSEs, SPEs that issue private label MBS, and other financial institutions that purchase mortgage loans for investment or private label securitization. We may also pool FHA-insured and VA-guaranteed mortgage loans which back securities guaranteed by GNMA. The agreements under which we sell mortgage loans and the insurance or guaranty agreements with the FHA and VA contain various representations and warranties regarding the origination and characteristics of the mortgage loans. We may be required to repurchase mortgage loans, indemnify the securitization trust, investor or insurer, or reimburse the securitization trust, investor or insurer for credit losses incurred on loans in the event of a breach of contractual representations or warranties that is not remedied within a period (usually 90 days or less) after we receive notice of the breach. We establish a mortgage repurchase liability related to the various representations and warranties that reflect management’s estimate of losses for loans which we have a repurchase obligation. Because the level of mortgage loan repurchase losses depends upon economic factors, investor demand strategies and other external conditions that may change over the life of the underlying loans, the level of the liability for mortgage loan repurchase losses is difficult to estimate, requires considerable management judgment, and is subject to change. If economic conditions or the housing market worsen or future investor repurchase demand and our success at appealing repurchase requests differ from past experience, we could have increased repurchase obligations and increased loss severity on repurchases, requiring significant additions to the repurchase liability.

Additionally, for residential mortgage loans that we originate, borrowers may allege that the origination of the loans did not comply with applicable laws or regulations in one or more respects and assert such violation as an affirmative defense to payment or to the exercise by us of our remedies, including foreclosure proceedings, or in an action seeking statutory and other damages in connection with such violation. If we are not successful in demonstrating that the loans in dispute were originated in accordance with applicable statutes and regulations, we could become subject to monetary damages and other civil penalties, including the loss of certain contractual payments or the inability to exercise certain remedies under the loans.

For more information, refer to the “Risk Management – Credit Risk Management – Liability for Mortgage Loan Repurchase Losses” section in this Report. 

Wells Fargo & Company

115

Risk Factors 
(continued)

We may be terminated as a servicer or master servicer, be required to repurchase a mortgage loan or reimburse investors for credit losses on a mortgage loan, or incur costs, liabilities, fines and other sanctions

if we fail to satisfy our servicing obligations, including our obligations with respect to mortgage loan foreclosure actions.
  We act as servicer and/or master servicer for mortgage loans included in securitizations and for unsecuritized mortgage loans owned by investors. As a servicer or master servicer for those loans we have certain contractual obligations to the securitization trusts, investors or other third parties, including certain foreclosure obligations or, if applicable, considering alternatives to foreclosure such as loan modifications or short-sales, as well as certain servicing obligations for properties that fall within a flood zone. If we fail to satisfy our servicing obligations, we may face a number of consequences, including termination as servicer or master servicer, requirements to indemnify the securitization trustee against losses from any failure by us to perform our servicing obligations, and/or contractual obligations to repurchase a mortgage loan or reimburse investors for credit losses, any of which could significantly reduce our net servicing income.

We may incur costs, liabilities to borrowers, title insurers and/or securitization investors, legal proceedings, or other adverse consequences if we fail to meet our obligations with respect to mortgage foreclosure actions or we experience delays in the foreclosure process. Our net servicing income and the fair value of our MSRs may be negatively affected to the extent our servicing costs increase because of higher foreclosure or other servicing related costs. We may be subject to fines and other sanctions imposed by federal or state regulators as a result of actual or perceived deficiencies in our mortgage servicing practices, including with respect to our foreclosure practices or our servicing of flood zone properties. Any of these actions may harm our reputation, negatively affect our residential mortgage origination or servicing business, or result in material fines, penalties, equitable remedies, or other enforcement actions. 

For more information, refer to the “Risk Management – Credit Risk Management – Liability for Mortgage Loan Repurchase Losses” and “– Risks Relating to Servicing Activities,” and “Critical Accounting Policies – Valuation of Residential Mortgage Servicing Rights” sections and Note 16 (Guarantees, Pledged Assets and Collateral, and Other Commitments) and Note 17 (Legal Actions) to Financial Statements in this Report.

RISKS RELATED TO OUR INDUSTRY’S COMPETITIVE OPERATING ENVIRONMENT

We face significant and increasing competition in the rapidly evolving financial services industry.

We compete with other financial institutions in a highly competitive industry that is undergoing significant changes as a result of financial regulatory reform, technological advances, increased public scrutiny stemming from the financial crisis, and current economic conditions. Our success depends on our ability to develop and maintain deep and enduring relationships with our customers based on the quality of our customer service, the wide variety of products and services that we can offer our customers and the ability of those products and services to satisfy our customers’ needs and preferences, the pricing of our products and services, the extensive distribution channels available for our customers, our innovation, and our reputation. Continued or increased competition in any one or all of these areas may negatively affect our customer relationships, market share and results of operations and/or cause us to increase our capital investment in our businesses in order to remain competitive. In addition, our 

ability to reposition or reprice our products and services from time to time may be limited and could be influenced significantly by the current economic, regulatory and political environment for large financial institutions as well as by the actions of our competitors. Furthermore, any changes in the types of products and services that we offer our customers and/or the pricing for those products and services could result in a loss of customer relationships and market share and could materially adversely affect our results of operations.

Continued technological advances and the growth of     e-commerce have made it possible for non-depository institutions to offer products and services that traditionally were banking products, and for financial institutions and other companies to provide electronic and internet-based financial solutions, including electronic securities trading, lending and payment solutions. In addition, technological advances, including digital currencies, may diminish the importance of depository institutions and other financial intermediaries in the transfer of funds between parties. We may not respond effectively to these and other competitive threats from existing and new competitors and may be forced to sell products at lower prices, increase our investment in our business to modify or adapt our existing products and services, and/or develop new products and services to respond to our customers’ needs and preferences. To the extent we are not successful in developing and introducing new products and services or responding or adapting to the competitive landscape or to changes in customer preferences, we may lose customer relationships and our revenue growth and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.

Our ability to attract and retain qualified team members is critical to the success of our business and failure to do so could adversely affect our business performance, competitive position and future prospects.
  The success of Wells Fargo is heavily dependent on the talents and efforts of our team members, including our senior leaders, and in many areas of our business, including commercial banking, brokerage, investment advisory, capital markets, risk management and technology, the competition for highly qualified personnel is intense. We also seek to retain a pipeline of team members to provide continuity of succession for our senior leadership positions. In order to attract and retain highly qualified team members, we must provide competitive compensation and effectively manage team member performance and development. As a large financial institution and additionally to the extent we remain subject to consent orders we may be subject to limitations on compensation by our regulators that may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain these qualified team members, especially if some of our competitors may not be subject to these same compensation limitations. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain qualified team members, including successors for senior leadership positions, our business performance, competitive position and future prospects may be adversely affected.

RISKS RELATED TO OUR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Changes in accounting policies or accounting standards, and changes in how accounting standards are interpreted or applied, could materially affect how we report our financial results and condition. 
 Our accounting policies are fundamental to determining and understanding our financial results and condition. As described below, some of these policies require use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the value of our assets or liabilities and financial results. Any changes in our 

116

Wells Fargo & Company

accounting policies could materially affect our financial statements.

From time to time the FASB and the SEC change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our external financial statements. For example, on January 1, 2020, we adopted Accounting Standards Update 2016-13 – 
Financial Instruments-Credit Losses
 (Topic 326), which replaced the previous “incurred loss” model for the allowance for credit losses with an “expected loss” model referred to as the Current Expected Credit Loss model, or CECL.

In addition, accounting standard setters and those who interpret the accounting standards (such as the FASB, SEC, banking regulators and our outside auditors) may change or even reverse their previous interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. Changes in financial accounting and reporting standards and changes in current interpretations may be beyond our control, can be hard to predict and could materially affect how we report our financial results and condition. We may be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively or apply an existing standard differently, also retroactively, in each case potentially resulting in our restating prior period financial statements in material amounts.

For more information, including information on our adoption of CECL, refer to the “Current Accounting Developments” section in this Report.

Our financial statements are based in part on assumptions and estimates which, if wrong, could cause unexpected losses in the future, and our financial statements depend on our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Pursuant to U.S. GAAP, we are required to use certain assumptions and estimates in preparing our financial statements, including in determining credit loss reserves, reserves for mortgage repurchases, reserves related to litigation and the fair value of certain assets and liabilities, among other items. Several of our accounting policies are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because it is likely that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. For a description of these policies, refer to the “Critical Accounting Policies” section in this Report. If assumptions or estimates underlying our financial statements are incorrect, we may experience material losses.

Certain of our financial instruments, including derivative assets and liabilities, debt securities, certain loans, MSRs, private equity investments, structured notes and certain repurchase and resale agreements, among other items, require a determination of their fair value in order to prepare our financial statements. Where quoted market prices are not available, we may make fair value determinations based on internally developed models or other means which ultimately rely to some degree on management judgment, and there is no assurance that our models will capture or appropriately reflect all relevant inputs required to accurately determine fair value. Some of these and other assets and liabilities may have no direct observable price levels, making their valuation particularly subjective, being based on significant estimation and judgment. In addition, sudden illiquidity in markets or declines in prices of certain loans and securities may make it more difficult to value certain balance sheet items, which may lead to the possibility that such valuations will be subject to further change or adjustment and could lead to declines in our earnings.

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley) requires our management to evaluate the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures and its internal control over financial reporting 

and requires our auditors to issue a report on our internal control over financial reporting. We are required to disclose, in our annual report on Form 10-K, the existence of any “material weaknesses” in our internal controls. We cannot assure that we will not identify one or more material weaknesses as of the end of any given quarter or year, nor can we predict the effect on our stock price of disclosure of a material weakness. In addition, our customers may rely on the effectiveness of our internal controls as a service provider, and any deficiency in those controls could affect our customers and damage our reputation or business.  Sarbanes-Oxley also limits the types of non-audit services our outside auditors may provide to us in order to preserve their independence from us. If our auditors were found not to be “independent” of us under SEC rules, we could be required to engage new auditors and re-file financial statements and audit reports with the SEC. We could be out of compliance with SEC rules until new financial statements and audit reports were filed, limiting our ability to raise capital and resulting in other adverse consequences.

RISKS RELATED TO STRATEGIC DECISIONS

If we are unable to develop and execute effective business plans or strategies or manage change effectively, our competitive standing and results of operations could suffer.
 We are subject to rapid changes in technology, regulation, and product innovation, face intense competition for customers, sources of revenue, capital, services, qualified team members, and other essential business resources, and are subject to heightened regulatory expectations particularly with respect to compliance and risk management. In order to meet these challenges, we may undertake business plans or strategies related to, among other things, our organizational structure, our compliance and risk management framework, our expenses and efficiency, the types of products and services we offer, the types of businesses we engage in, the geographies in which we operate, the manner in which we serve our clients and customers, the third parties with which we do business, and the methods and distribution channels by which we offer our products and services. Accomplishing these business plans or strategies may be complex, time intensive, require significant financial, technological, management and other resources, and may divert management attention and resources away from other areas of the Company, and there is no guarantee that any business plans or strategies will ultimately be successful. To the extent we are unable to develop or execute effective business plans or strategies or manage change effectively, our competitive position, reputation, prospects for growth, and results of operations may be adversely affected.

In addition, we regularly explore opportunities to expand our products, services, and assets through strategic acquisitions of companies or businesses in the financial services industry. We generally must receive federal regulatory approvals before we can acquire a bank, bank holding company, or certain other financial services businesses. We cannot be certain when or if, or on what terms and conditions, any required regulatory approvals will be granted. We might be required to sell banks, branches and/or business units or assets or issue additional equity as a condition to receiving regulatory approval for an acquisition. When we do announce an acquisition, our stock price may fall depending on the size of the acquisition, the type of business to be acquired, the purchase price, and the potential dilution to existing stockholders or our earnings per share if we issue common stock in connection with the acquisition. Furthermore, difficulty in integrating an acquired company or business may 

Wells Fargo & Company

117

Risk Factors 
(continued)

cause us not to realize expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence, and other projected benefits from the acquisition. The integration could result in higher than expected deposit attrition, loss of key team members, an increase in our compliance costs or risk profile, disruption of our business or the acquired business, or otherwise harm our ability to retain customers and team members or achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. Time and resources spent on integration may also impair our ability to grow our existing businesses. Many of the foregoing risks may be increased if the acquired company or business operates internationally or in a geographic location where we do not already have significant business operations and/or team members. Similarly, from time to time, we may decide to divest certain businesses or assets. Difficulties in executing a divestiture may cause us not to realize any expected cost savings or other benefits from the divestiture, or may result in higher than expected losses of team members or harm our ability to retain customers.

*   *   *

Any factor described in this Report or in any of our other SEC filings could by itself, or together with other factors, adversely affect our financial results and condition. Refer to our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC in 
2020
 for material changes to the above discussion of risk factors. There are factors not discussed above or elsewhere in this Report that could adversely affect our financial results and condition.