An investment in the Company has risk. We discuss below and elsewhere in this Report and in
other documents we file with the SEC various risk factors that could cause our financial results
and condition to vary significantly from period to period. We refer you to the Financial Review
section and Financial Statements and related Notes in this Report for more information about
credit, interest rate and market risks and to the “Regulation and Supervision” section of our 2006
Form 10-K for more information about legislative and regulatory risks. Any factor described below
or elsewhere in this Report or in our 2006 Form 10-K could, by itself or together with one or more
other factors, have a material adverse effect on our financial results and condition and on the
value of an investment in Wells Fargo. Refer to our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q that we will
file with the SEC in 2007 for material changes to the discussion of risk factors.

     In accordance with the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we caution you that one or
more of the factors discussed below, in the Financial Review section of this Report, in the
Financial Statements and related Notes included in this Report, in the 2006 Form 10-K, or in other
documents we file with the SEC from time to time could cause us to fall short of expectations for
our future financial and business performance that we may express in forward-looking statements. We
make forward-looking statements when we use words such as “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,”
“estimate,” “will,” “may,” “can” and similar expressions. Do not unduly rely on forward-looking
statements, as actual results may differ significantly from expectations. Forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date made, and we do not undertake to update them to reflect
changes or events that occur after that date.

     In this Report we make forward-looking statements
about:

•

management’s belief that the provision for credit losses for consumer loans, absent a significant
credit event, will closely track the level of related net charge-offs;

•

the expected reduction of our net interest expense by approximately $320 million over the next
twenty years from the extinguishment of trust preferred securities;

•

our expectation that we will open 100 regional banking stores in 2007;

•

our belief regarding the loss content of our residential real estate loans and auto loans;

•

the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses;

•

our anticipation that we will not incur additional credit losses attributable to Hurricane
Katrina;

•

the expected impact of changes in interest rates on loan demand, credit losses, mortgage
origination volume, the value of MSRs, and other items that may affect earnings;

•

the expected time periods over which unrecognized compensation expense relating to stock options
and restricted share rights will be recognized;

•

the expected timing and impact of the adoption of new accounting standards and policies;

•

future credit losses and nonperforming assets, including changes in the amount of nonaccrual
loans due to portfolio growth, portfolio seasoning, and other factors;

•

the extent to which changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments will offset
changes in the fair value of derivative loan commitments;

•

future short-term and long-term interest rate levels and their impact on net interest margin, net
income, liquidity and capital;

•

anticipated capital expenditures in 2007;

•

expectations for unfunded credit and equity investment commitments;

•

the expected impact of pending and threatened legal actions on our results of operations and
stockholders’ equity;

•

the anticipated use of proceeds from the issuance of securities;

•

how and when we intend to repurchase shares of our common stock;

•

the amount and timing of future contributions to the Cash Balance Plan;

•

the recovery of our investment in variable interest entities;

•

future reclassification to earnings of deferred net gains on
derivatives; and

•

the amount of additional consideration payable in connection with certain acquisitions.

OUR ABILITY TO GROW REVENUE AND EARNINGS WILL SUFFER IF WE ARE UNABLE TO CROSS-SELL MORE PRODUCTS TO CUSTOMERS.

Selling more products to our customers — or “cross-selling” — is the
foundation of our business model and key to our ability to grow revenue and earnings. Many of our
competitors also focus on cross-selling, especially in retail banking and mortgage lending. This
can put pressure on us to sell our products at lower prices, reducing our net interest income and
revenue from our fee-based products. It could also affect our ability to keep existing customers.
New technologies could require us to spend more to modify or adapt our products to attract and
retain customers. Increasing our cross-sell ratio — or the average number of products sold
to existing customers — may become more challenging, and we might not attain our goal of
selling an average of eight products to each customer.

AN ECONOMIC SLOWDOWN COULD REDUCE DEMAND FOR OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AND LEAD TO LOWER REVENUE AND LOWER EARNINGS.

We earn revenue from interest and fees we charge on the loans and other products and services
we sell. When the economy slows, the demand for those products and services can fall, reducing our
interest and fee income and our earnings. An economic downturn can also hurt the ability of our
borrowers to repay their loans, causing us to incur higher credit losses. Several factors could
cause the economy to slow down or even recede, including higher energy costs, higher interest
rates, reduced consumer or corporate spending, a slowdown in housing, natural disasters, terrorist
activities, military conflicts, and the normal cyclical nature of the economy.

61

CHANGES IN STOCK MARKET PRICES COULD REDUCE FEE INCOME FROM OUR BROKERAGE AND ASSET
MANAGEMENT BUSINESSES.
 We earn fee income from managing assets for others and providing
brokerage services. Because investment management fees are often based on the value of assets under
management, a fall in the market prices of those assets could reduce our fee income. Changes in
stock market prices could affect the trading activity of investors, reducing commissions and other
fees we earn from our brokerage business.

     For more information, refer to “Risk Management — Asset/ Liability and Market Risk Management —
Market Risk — Equity Markets” in the Financial Review section of this Report.

CHANGES IN INTEREST RATES COULD REDUCE OUR NET INTEREST INCOME AND EARNINGS.
 Our net
interest income is the interest we earn on loans, debt securities and other assets we hold minus
the interest we pay on our deposits, long-term and short-term debt and other liabilities. Net
interest income reflects both our net interest margin — the difference between the yield
we earn on our assets and the interest rate we pay for deposits and our other sources of
funding — and the amount of earning assets we hold. As a result, changes in either our net
interest margin or the amount of earning assets we hold could affect our net interest income and
our earnings.

     Changes in interest rates — up or down — could adversely affect our net interest
margin. Although the yield we earn on our assets and our funding costs tend to move in the same
direction in response to changes in interest rates, one can rise or fall faster than the other,
causing our net interest margin to expand or contract. Our liabilities tend to be shorter in
duration than our assets, so they may adjust faster in response to changes in interest rates. As a
result, when interest rates rise, our funding costs may rise faster than the yield we earn on our
assets, causing our net interest margin to contract until the yield catches up.

     Changes in the slope of the “yield curve” — or the spread between short-term and long-term
interest rates — could also reduce our net interest margin. Normally, the yield curve is
upward sloping, meaning short-term rates are lower than long-term rates. Because our liabilities
tend to be shorter in duration than our assets, when the yield curve flattens or even inverts, we
could experience pressure on our net interest margin as our cost of funds increases relative to the
yield we can earn on our assets.

     We assess our interest rate risk by estimating the effect on our earnings under various scenarios
that differ based on assumptions about the direction, magnitude and speed of interest rate changes
and the slope of the yield curve. We hedge some of that interest rate risk with interest rate
derivatives. We also rely on the “natural hedge” that our loan originations and servicing rights
can provide.

     We do not hedge all of our interest rate risk. There is always the risk that changes in interest
rates could reduce our net interest income and our earnings in material amounts, especially if
actual conditions turn out to be materially different than what we assumed. For example, if
interest rates rise or fall faster than we assumed or the slope of the yield curve changes, we may
incur significant losses on debt securities we hold as investments. To reduce our interest rate
risk, we may rebalance our investment and loan portfolios, refinance our debt and take other
strategic actions. We may incur losses or expenses when we take such actions.

     For more information, refer to “Risk Management —Asset/Liability and Market Risk Management —
Interest Rate Risk” in the Financial Review section of this Report.

CHANGES IN INTEREST RATES COULD ALSO REDUCE THE VALUE OF OUR MORTGAGE SERVICING RIGHTS AND
EARNINGS.
 We have a sizeable portfolio of mortgage servicing rights. A mortgage servicing
right (MSR) is the right to service a mortgage loan — collect principal, interest, escrow
amounts, etc. — for a fee. We acquire MSRs when we keep the servicing rights after we sell
or securitize the loans we have originated or when we purchase the servicing rights to mortgage
loans originated by other lenders. We also acquire MSRs under co-issuer agreements that provide for
us to service loans that are originated and securitized by third-party correspondents. Effective
January 1, 2006, upon adoption of FAS 156, we elected to initially measure and carry our
residential MSRs using the fair value measurement method. Fair value is the present value of
estimated future net servicing income, calculated based on a number of variables, including
assumptions about the likelihood of prepayment by borrowers.

     Changes in interest rates can affect prepayment assumptions and thus fair value. When interest
rates fall, borrowers are more likely to prepay their mortgage loans by refinancing them at a lower
rate. As the likelihood of prepayment increases, the fair value of our MSRs can decrease. Each
quarter we evaluate the fair value of our MSRs, and any decrease in fair value reduces earnings in
the period in which the decrease occurs.

     For more information, refer to “Critical Accounting Policies” and “Risk Management —
Asset/Liability and Market Risk Management — Mortgage Banking Interest Rate Risk” in the Financial
Review section of this Report.

HIGHER CREDIT LOSSES COULD REQUIRE US TO INCREASE OUR ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES THROUGH A CHARGE TO EARNINGS.

 When we loan money or commit to loan money we incur credit risk, or the risk of losses if our
borrowers do not repay their loans. We reserve for credit losses by establishing an allowance
through a charge to earnings. The amount of this allowance is based on our assessment of credit
losses inherent in our loan portfolio (including unfunded credit commitments). The process for
determining the amount of the allowance is critical to our financial results and condition. It
requires difficult, subjective and complex judgments about the future, including forecasts of economic or market conditions that
might impair the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans.

     We might underestimate the credit losses inherent in our loan portfolio and have credit losses in
excess of the amount reserved. We might increase the allowance because of changing economic
conditions. For example, in a rising interest rate environment, borrowers with adjustable rate
loans could see their payments increase. In the absence of offsetting factors such as increased
economic activity and higher wages, this could reduce their ability to repay their loans, resulting
in our increasing the allowance. We might also increase the allowance because of unexpected events,
as we did in third quarter 2005 for Hurricane Katrina.

     The auto loan portfolio posted losses at elevated levels in the third and fourth quarters of 2006
partially due to growth and seasoning, but largely due to collection capacity constraints and
restrictive payment extension practices during Wells Fargo Financial’s integration of the prime and
non-prime auto loan businesses. We continued to hire and train new collectors and contract with
external collections vendors to increase capacity. We also adjusted account acquisition strategies
to reduce new loan volumes, particularly in higher-risk tiers. We anticipate these

62

actions will stabilize losses in early 2007 and lead to improved loss rates. We monitor vintage
credit performance to identify potential adverse credit or economic trends. We saw higher
delinquency and losses in recent auto vintages, consistent with industry-wide experience. If
current trends do not improve as expected, we could experience higher credit losses than planned.

     For more information, refer to “Critical Accounting Policies — Allowance for Credit Losses” and
“Risk Management — Credit Risk Management Process” in the Financial Review section of this Report.

OUR MORTGAGE BANKING REVENUE CAN BE VOLATILE FROM QUARTER TO QUARTER.
 We earn revenue
from fees we receive for originating mortgage loans and for servicing mortgage loans. When rates
rise, the demand for mortgage loans tends to fall, reducing the revenue we receive from loan
originations. At the same time, revenue from our MSRs can increase through increases in fair value.
When rates fall, mortgage originations tend to increase and the value of our MSRs tends to decline,
also with some offsetting revenue effect. Even though they can act as a “natural hedge,” the hedge
is not perfect, either in amount or timing. For example, the negative effect on revenue from a
decrease in the fair value of residential MSRs is immediate, but any offsetting revenue benefit
from more originations and the MSRs relating to the new loans would accrue over time.

     We typically use derivatives and other instruments to hedge our mortgage banking interest rate
risk. We generally do not hedge all of our risk, and the fact that we attempt to hedge any of the
risk does not mean we will be successful. Hedging is a complex process, requiring sophisticated
models and constant monitoring, and is not a perfect science. We may use hedging instruments tied
to U.S. Treasury rates, LIBOR or Eurodollars that may not perfectly correlate with the value or
income being hedged. We could incur significant losses from our hedging activities. There may be
periods where we elect not to use derivatives and other instruments to hedge mortgage banking
interest rate risk.

     For more information, refer to “Risk Management — Asset/ Liability and Market Risk Management —
Mortgage Banking Interest Rate Risk” in the Financial Review section of this Report.

OUR BANK CUSTOMERS COULD TAKE THEIR MONEY OUT OF THE BANK AND PUT IT IN ALTERNATIVE
INVESTMENTS, CAUSING US TO LOSE A LOWER COST SOURCE OF FUNDING.
 Checking and savings account
balances and other forms of customer deposits can decrease when customers perceive alternative
investments, such as the stock market, as providing a better risk/return tradeoff. When customers
move money out of bank deposits and into other investments, we can lose a relatively low cost
source of funds, increasing our funding costs and reducing our net interest income.

OUR VENTURE CAPITAL BUSINESS CAN ALSO BE VOLATILE FROM QUARTER TO QUARTER.
 Earnings
from our venture capital investments can be volatile and hard to predict and can have a significant
effect on our earnings from period to period. When — and if — we recognize gains
can depend on a number of factors, including general economic conditions, the prospects of the
companies in which we invest, when these companies go public, the size of our position relative to
the public float, and whether we are subject to any resale restrictions. Our venture capital
investments could result in significant losses.

     We assess our private and public equity portfolio at least quarterly for other-than-temporary
impairment based on a number of factors, including the then current market value of each

investment compared to its carrying value. Our venture capital investments tend to be in
technology, telecommunications and other volatile industries, so the value of our public and
private equity portfolios can fluctuate widely. If we determine there is other-than-temporary
impairment for an investment, we will write-down the carrying value of the investment, resulting in
a charge to earnings. The amount of this charge could be significant, especially if under
accounting rules we were required previously to write-up the value because of higher market prices.

     For more information, refer to “Risk Management —Asset/Liability and Market Risk Management —
Market Risk —Equity Markets” in the Financial Review section of this Report.

WE RELY ON DIVIDENDS FROM OUR SUBSIDIARIES FOR REVENUE, AND FEDERAL AND STATE LAW CAN LIMIT
THOSE DIVIDENDS.
 Wells Fargo & Company, the parent holding company, is a separate and
distinct legal entity from its subsidiaries. It receives a significant portion of its revenue from
dividends from its subsidiaries. We use these dividends to pay dividends on our common and
preferred stock and interest and principal on our debt. Federal and state laws limit the amount of
dividends that our bank and some of our nonbank subsidiaries may pay to us. Also, our right to
participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary’s liquidation or reorganization is
subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary’s creditors.

     For more information, refer to “Regulation and Supervision — Dividend Restrictions” and “—
Holding Company Structure” in our 2006 Form 10-K and to Notes 3 (Cash, Loan and Dividend
Restrictions) and 25 (Regulatory and Agency Capital Requirements) to Financial Statements in this
Report.

CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES OR ACCOUNTING STANDARDS, AND CHANGES IN HOW ACCOUNTING
STANDARDS ARE INTERPRETED OR APPLIED, COULD MATERIALLY AFFECT HOW WE REPORT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS
AND CONDITION.
 Our accounting policies are fundamental to understanding our financial results
and condition. Some of these policies require use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the
value of our assets or liabilities and financial results. Three of our accounting policies are
critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective
and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because it is likely that
materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different
assumptions. For a description of these three policies, refer to “Critical Accounting Policies” in
the Financial Review section of this Report.

     From time to time the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) and the SEC change the
financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our external financial
statements. In addition, accounting standard setters and those who interpret the accounting
standards (such as the FASB, SEC, banking regulators and our outside auditors) may change or even
reverse their previous interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied.
Changes in financial accounting and reporting standards and changes in current interpretations may
be beyond our control, can be hard to predict and could materially impact how we report our
financial results and condition. We could be required to apply a new or revised standard
retroactively or apply an existing standard differently, also retroactively, in each case resulting
in our restating prior period financial statements in material amounts.

63

ACQUISITIONS COULD REDUCE OUR STOCK PRICE UPON ANNOUNCEMENT AND REDUCE OUR EARNINGS IF WE
OVERPAY OR HAVE DIFFICULTY INTEGRATING THEM.
 We regularly explore opportunities to acquire
companies in the financial services industry. We cannot predict the frequency, size or timing of
our acquisitions, and we typically do not comment publicly on a possible acquisition until we have
signed a definitive agreement. When we do announce an acquisition, our stock price may fall
depending on the size of the acquisition and the purchase price. It is also possible that an
acquisition could dilute earnings per share.

     We generally must receive federal regulatory approval before we can acquire a bank or bank holding
company. In deciding whether to approve a proposed bank acquisition, federal bank regulators will
consider, among other factors, the effect of the acquisition on competition, financial condition,
and future prospects including current and projected capital ratios and levels, the competence,
experience, and integrity of management and record of compliance with laws and regulations, the
convenience and needs of the communities to be served, including the acquiring institution’s record
of compliance under the Community Reinvestment Act, and the effectiveness of the acquiring
institution in combating money laundering. Also, we cannot be certain when or if, or on what terms
and conditions, any required regulatory approvals will be granted. We might be required to sell
banks, branches and/or business units as a condition to receiving regulatory approval.

     Difficulty in integrating an acquired company may cause us not to realize expected revenue
increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence, and other projected benefits
from the acquisition. The integration could result in higher than expected deposit attrition
(run-off), loss of key employees, disruption of our business or the business of the acquired
company, or otherwise harm our ability to retain customers and employees or achieve the anticipated
benefits of the acquisition. Time and resources spent on integration may also impair our ability to
grow our existing businesses. Also, the negative effect of any divestitures required by regulatory
authorities in acquisitions or business combinations may be greater than expected.

FEDERAL AND STATE REGULATIONS CAN RESTRICT OUR BUSINESS, AND NON-COMPLIANCE COULD RESULT IN
PENALTIES, LITIGATION AND DAMAGE TO OUR REPUTATION.
 Our parent company, our subsidiary banks
and many of our nonbank subsidiaries are heavily regulated at the federal and/or state levels. This
regulation is to protect depositors, federal deposit insurance funds, consumers and the banking
system as a whole, not our stockholders. Federal and state regulations can significantly restrict
our businesses, and we could be fined or otherwise penalized if we are found to be out of
compliance.

     Recent high-profile corporate scandals and other events have resulted in additional regulations.
For example, Sarbanes-Oxley limits the types of non-audit services our outside auditors may provide
to us in order to preserve the independence of our auditors from us. If our auditors were found not
to be “independent” of us under SEC rules, we could be required to engage new auditors and file new
financial statements and audit reports with the SEC.

We could be out of compliance with SEC rules until new financial statements and audit reports were
filed, limiting our ability to raise capital and resulting in other adverse consequences.

     Sarbanes-Oxley also requires our management to evaluate the Company’s disclosure controls and
procedures and its internal control over financial reporting and requires our auditors to issue a
report on our internal control over financial reporting. We are required to disclose, in our annual
report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC, the existence of any “material weaknesses” in our internal
control. We cannot assure that we will not find one or more material weaknesses as of the end of
any given year, nor can we predict the effect on our stock price of disclosure of a material
weakness.

     The Patriot Act, which was enacted in the wake of the September 2001 terrorist attacks, requires us
to implement new or revised policies and procedures relating to anti-money laundering, compliance,
suspicious activities, and currency transaction reporting and due diligence on customers. The
Patriot Act also requires federal bank regulators to evaluate the effectiveness of an applicant in
combating money laundering in determining whether to approve a proposed bank acquisition.

     A number of states have recently challenged the position of the OCC as the sole regulator of
national banks and their subsidiaries. If these challenges are successful or if Congress acts to
give greater effect to state regulation, the impact on us could be significant, not only because of
the potential additional restrictions on our businesses but also from having to comply with
potentially 50 different sets of regulations.

     From time to time Congress considers legislation that could significantly change our regulatory
environment, potentially increasing our cost of doing business, limiting the activities we may
pursue or affecting the competitive balance among banks, savings associations, credit unions, and
other financial institutions. As an example, our business model depends on sharing information
among the family of Wells Fargo businesses to better satisfy our customers’ needs. Laws that
restrict the ability of our companies to share information about customers could limit our ability
to cross-sell products and services, reducing our revenue and earnings.

     For more information, refer to “Regulation and Supervision” in our 2006 Form 10-K and to “Report of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in this Report.

WE MAY INCUR FINES, PENALTIES AND OTHER NEGATIVE CONSEQUENCES FROM REGULATORY VIOLATIONS,
POSSIBLY EVEN INADVERTENT OR UNINTENTIONAL VIOLATIONS.
 We maintain systems and procedures
designed to ensure that we comply with applicable laws and regulations. However, some legal/regulatory
frameworks provide for the imposition of fines or penalties for noncompliance even though the
noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional and even though there was in place at the time
systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance. For example, we are subject to regulations
issued by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) that prohibit financial institutions from
participating in the transfer of property belonging to the governments of certain foreign countries
and designated nationals of those countries.

64

OFAC may impose penalties for inadvertent or unintentional violations even if reasonable processes
are in place to prevent the violations. Therefore, the establishment and maintenance of systems and
procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance cannot guarantee that we will be able to avoid
a fine or penalty for noncompliance. For example, in April 2003 and January 2005 OFAC reported
settlements with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. in amounts of $5,500 and $42,833, respectively. These
settlements related to transactions involving inadvertent acts or human error alleged to have
violated OFAC regulations. There may be other negative consequences resulting from a finding of
noncompliance, including restrictions on certain activities. Such a finding may also damage our
reputation (see below) and could restrict the ability of institutional investment managers to
invest in our securities.

NEGATIVE PUBLICITY COULD DAMAGE OUR REPUTATION.
 Reputation risk, or the risk to our
earnings and capital from negative public opinion, is inherent in our business. Negative public
opinion could adversely affect our ability to keep and attract customers and expose us to adverse
legal and regulatory consequences. Negative public opinion could result from our actual or alleged
conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices, corporate governance, regulatory
compliance, mergers and acquisitions, and disclosure, sharing or inadequate protection of customer
information, and from actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in
response to that conduct. Because we conduct most of our businesses under the “Wells Fargo” brand,
negative public opinion about one business could affect our other businesses.

WE DEPEND ON THE ACCURACY AND COMPLETENESS OF INFORMATION ABOUT CUSTOMERS AND COUNTERPARTIES.

In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions, we rely on the
accuracy and completeness of information about our customers, including financial statements and
other financial information and reports of independent auditors. For example, in deciding whether
to extend credit, we may assume that a customer’s audited financial statements conform with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the customer. We also may rely on the
audit report covering those financial statements. If that information is incorrect or incomplete,
we may incur credit losses or other charges to earnings.

WE RELY ON OTHERS TO HELP US WITH OUR OPERATIONS.
 We rely on outside vendors to provide
key components of our business operations such as internet connections and network access.
Disruptions in communication services provided by a vendor or any failure of a vendor to handle
current or higher volumes of use could hurt our ability to deliver products and services to our
customers and otherwise to conduct our business. Financial or operational difficulties of an
outside vendor could also hurt our operations if those difficulties interfere with the vendor’s
ability to serve us.

FEDERAL RESERVE BOARD POLICIES CAN SIGNIFICANTLY IMPACT BUSINESS AND ECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND
OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS AND CONDITION.
 The Federal Reserve Board (FRB) regulates the supply of
money and credit in the United States. Its policies determine in large part our cost of funds for
lending and investing and the return we earn on those loans and investments, both of which affect
our net interest margin. They also can materially affect the value of financial instruments we
hold, such as debt securities and MSRs. Its policies also can affect our borrowers, potentially
increasing the risk that they may fail to repay their loans. Changes in FRB policies are beyond our
control and can be hard to predict.

OUR STOCK PRICE CAN BE VOLATILE DUE TO OTHER FACTORS.

Our stock price can fluctuate widely in response to a variety of factors, in addition to
those described above, including:

•

general business and economic conditions;

•

recommendations by securities analysts;

•

new technology used, or services offered, by our competitors;

•

operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us;

•

news reports relating to trends, concerns and other issues in the financial services industry;

•

changes in government regulations;

•

natural disasters, such as Hurricane Katrina; and

•

geopolitical conditions, such as acts or threats of terrorism or military conflicts.