and uncertainties described under “Risk Factors” in this Report. 

In addition to the
above factors, we also caution that the amount and timing of any future common
stock dividends or repurchases will depend on the earnings, cash requirements
and financial condition of the Company, market conditions, capital requirements
(including under Basel capital standards), common stock issuance requirements,
applicable law and regulations (including federal securities laws and federal
banking regulations), and other factors deemed relevant by the Company’s Board
of Directors, and may be subject to regulatory approval or conditions.

For more information
about factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our
expectations, refer to our reports filed with 

113

Forward-Looking

Statements

(continued)

the
Securities and Exchange Commission, including the discussion under “Risk
Factors” in this Report, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
and available on its website at 
www.sec.gov
. 

Any forward-looking
statement made by us speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Factors or
events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to
time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no
obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a
result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be
required by law.

Risk
Factors

An
investment in the Company involves risk, including the possibility that the
value of the investment could fall substantially and that dividends or other
distributions on the investment could be reduced or eliminated. We discuss
below risk factors that could adversely affect our financial results and
condition, and the value of, and return on, an investment in the Company. 

RISKS
RELATED TO THE ECONOMY, FINANCIAL MARKETS, INTEREST RATES AND LIQUIDITY

As one of the largest lenders in the U.S. and a provider of financial
products and services to consumers and businesses across the U.S. and
internationally, our financial results have been, and will continue to be,
materially

affected by

general 

economic
conditions, particularly 

unemployment levels and 

home prices in the U.S., and a
deterioration in economic conditions or in the financial markets may materially
adversely affect our lending and other businesses and our financial results and condition

. 

We generate revenue from the interest and fees we charge on the loans and
other products and services we sell, and a substantial amount of our revenue and
earnings comes from the net interest income and fee income that we earn from
our consumer and commercial lending and banking businesses, including our
mortgage banking business where we currently are the largest mortgage
originator in the U.S. These businesses have been, and will continue to be,
materially affected by the state of the U.S. economy, particularly unemployment
levels and home prices. Although the U.S. economy has continued to gradually
improve from the depressed levels of 2008 and early 2009, economic growth has
been slow and uneven. In addition, the negative effects and continued
uncertainty stemming from U.S. fiscal and political matters, including concerns
about deficit levels, taxes and U.S. debt ratings, have impacted and may continue
to impact the continuing global economic recovery. 
For example, the U.S. government
experienced a temporary closure in October 2013 due to the government’s
inability to reach a budget agreement, and, although a temporary agreement was
reached, the risk of future closures or even a U.S. government default exists
if further agreements cannot be achieved. 
A prolonged period of slow growth in the
global economy, particularly in the U.S., or any deterioration in general
economic conditions and/or the financial markets resulting from the above
matters or any other events or factors that may disrupt or dampen the global
economic recovery
, 

could

materially 
adversely
affect our

financial 

results and 
condition. 

The improvement in the U.S.
economy as well as higher home prices contributed to our strengthened credit
performance and allowed us to release amounts from our allowance for credit
losses, however there is no guarantee we will have allowance releases in the
future.
If unemployment 
levels 
worsen 

or if home prices fall
 we would
expect to incur elevated charge-offs and provision expense from increases in
our allowance for credit losses. These conditions may adversely affect not only
consumer loan performance but also commercial and CRE loans, especially 
for

those business borrowers that rely on the health of industries
that may experience deteriorating economic conditions
. 
The
ability of these and other borrowers to repay
their loans may deteriorate, causing us, as
one of the largest commercial lenders and the largest CRE lender in the U.S.,
to incur significantly higher credit losses. In addition, weak or deteriorating
economic conditions make it more challenging for us to increase our consumer
and commercial loan portfolios by making loans to creditworthy borrowers at
attractive yields. Although we have significant capacity to add loans to our
balance sheet, loan demand, especially consumer loan demand, has been soft
resulting in our retaining a much higher amount of lower yielding liquid assets
on our balance sheet. If economic conditions do not continue to improve or if the economy worsens and unemployment rises, which also
would likely result in a decrease in consumer and business confidence and
spending, the demand for our credit products, including our mortgages, may fall, reducing our interest and noninterest income and our earnings.

A deterioration in business and
economic conditions, which may erode consumer and investor confidence levels, 
and/or
increased volatility of financial markets, 
also could adversely
affect financial results for our fee-based businesses, including our investment
advisory
, mutual fund
, securities brokerage, wealth
management, and investment banking businesses.

In 2013, approximately 25% of our
revenue was fee income, which included trust and investment fees, card fees and
other fees.

We earn fee income from managing assets
for others and providing brokerage and other investment advisory and wealth
management services. Because investment management fees are often based on the value
of assets under management, a fall in the market prices of those assets could
reduce our fee income. Changes in stock market prices could affect the trading
activity of investors, reducing commissions and other fees we earn from our
brokerage business. 
The
U.S. stock market experienced all-time highs in 2013 and there is no guarantee
that those price levels will continue. 
Poor economic conditions and
volatile or unstable financial markets also can negatively affect our debt and equity
underwriting and advisory businesses, as well as our trading and venture
capital businesses. Any
deterioration in global financial markets and economies, including as a result
of any international political unrest or disturbances, may adversely affect the
revenues and earnings of our international operations, particularly our global
financial institution and correspondent banking services.

For more information, refer to the “Risk
Management – Asset/Liability Management” and “– Credit Risk Management” sections in
this Report.

Changes in interest rates and financial market
values could reduce our net interest income and earnings, including as a result
of recognizing losses or OTTI on the securities that we hold in our portfolio
or trade for our customers. 

Our
net interest income is the interest we earn on loans, debt securities and other
assets we hold less 

114

the interest we pay on our
deposits, long-term and short-term debt, and other liabilities. Net interest
income is a measure of both our net interest margin – the difference between
the yield we earn on our assets and the interest rate we pay for deposits and
our other sources of funding – and the amount of earning assets we hold.
Changes in either our net interest margin or the amount or mix of earning
assets we hold could affect our net interest income and our earnings. Changes
in interest rates can affect our net interest margin. Although the yield we
earn on our assets and our funding costs tend to move in the same direction in
response to changes in interest rates, one can rise or fall faster than the
other, causing our net interest margin to expand or contract. Our liabilities
tend to be shorter in duration than our assets, so they may adjust faster in
response to changes in interest rates. When interest rates rise, our funding
costs may rise faster than the yield we earn on our assets, causing our net
interest margin to contract until the asset yield increases.

The amount and type of earning assets we hold can
affect our yield and net interest margin. We hold earning assets in the form of
loans and investment securities, among other assets. As noted above, if the
economy worsens we may see lower demand for loans by creditworthy customers,
reducing our net interest income and yield. In addition, our net interest
income and net interest margin can be negatively affected by a prolonged low
interest rate environment, which as noted below is currently being experienced
as a result of economic conditions and FRB monetary policies, as it may result in
us holding short-term lower yielding loans and securities on our balance sheet,
particularly if we are unable to replace the maturing higher yielding assets,
including the loans in our non-strategic and liquidating loan portfolio, with
similar higher yielding assets. Increases in interest rates, however, may
negatively affect loan demand and could result in higher credit losses as
borrowers may have more difficulty making higher interest payments. As
described below, changes in interest rates also affect our mortgage business,
including the value of our MSRs.

Changes in the slope of the “yield curve” – or the
spread between short-term and long-term interest rates – could also reduce our
net interest margin. Normally, the yield curve is upward sloping, meaning
short-term rates are lower than long-term rates. Because our liabilities tend
to be shorter in duration than our assets, when the yield curve flattens, as is
the case in the current interest rate environment, or even inverts, our net
interest margin could decrease as our cost of funds increases relative to the
yield we can earn on our assets.

The interest we earn on our loans may be tied to
U.S.-denominated interest rates such as the federal funds rate while the
interest we pay on our debt may be based on international rates such as LIBOR.
If the federal funds rate were to fall without a corresponding decrease in
LIBOR, we might earn less on our loans without any offsetting decrease in our
funding costs. This could lower our net interest margin and our net interest
income.

We assess our interest rate risk by estimating the
effect on our earnings under various scenarios that differ based on assumptions
about the direction, magnitude and speed of interest rate changes and the slope
of the yield curve. We hedge some of that interest rate risk with interest rate
derivatives. We also rely on the “natural hedge” that our mortgage loan
originations and servicing rights can provide.

We generally do not hedge all of our interest rate
risk. There is always the risk that changes in interest rates could reduce our
net interest income and our earnings in material amounts, especially if actual
conditions turn out to be materially different than what we assumed. For
example, if interest rates rise or fall faster than we assumed or the slope of
the yield curve changes, we may incur significant losses on debt securities we
hold as investments. To reduce our interest rate risk, we may rebalance our
investment and loan portfolios, refinance our debt and take other strategic
actions. We may incur losses when we take such actions.

We hold securities in our investment securities
portfolio, including U.S. Treasury and federal agency securities and federal
agency MBS, securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions, residential
and commercial MBS, corporate debt securities, other asset-backed securities
and marketable equity securities, including securities relating to our venture
capital activities. We analyze securities held in our investment securities
portfolio for OTTI on at least a quarterly basis. The process for determining
whether impairment is other than temporary usually requires difficult,
subjective judgments about the future financial performance of the issuer and
any collateral underlying the security in order to assess the probability of
receiving contractual principal and interest payments on the security. Because
of changing economic and market conditions, as well as credit ratings,
affecting issuers and the performance of the underlying collateral, we may be
required to recognize OTTI in future periods. Our net income also is exposed to
changes in interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates, equity and
commodity prices in connection with our trading activities, which are conducted
primarily to accommodate our customers in the management of their market price
risk, as well as when we take positions based on market expectations or to
benefit from differences between financial instruments and markets. The
securities held in these activities are carried at fair value with realized and
unrealized gains and losses recorded in noninterest income. As part of our
business to support our customers, we trade public securities and these
securities also are subject to market fluctuations with gains and losses
recognized in net income when realized and periodically include OTTI charges.
Although we have processes in place to measure and monitor the risks associated
with our trading activities, including stress testing and hedging strategies,
there can be no assurance that our processes and strategies will be effective
in avoiding losses that could have a material adverse effect on our financial
results.

The value of our public and
private equity investments can fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Certain
of these investments are carried under the cost or equity method, while others
are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reflected in
earnings. Earnings from our equity investments may be volatile and hard to
predict, and may have a significant effect on our earnings from period to
period. When, and if, we recognize gains may depend on a number of factors,
including general economic and market conditions, the prospects of the
companies in which we invest, when a company goes public, the size of our
position relative to the public float, and whether we are subject to any resale
restrictions.

Our venture capital investments could result in
significant OTTI losses for those investments carried under the cost or equity
method. Our assessment for OTTI is based on a number of factors, including the
then current market value of each investment compared with its carrying value.
If we determine there is OTTI for an investment, we write-down the carrying
value of the investment, resulting in a charge to earnings. The amount of this
charge could be significant.

For more information, refer to the “Risk Management
– Asset/Liability Management – Interest Rate Risk”, “– Market Risk – Equity
Investments”, and “– Market Risk – Trading Activities” and the 

115

Risk Factors

(continued)

“Balance Sheet Analysis – Investment Securities” sections
in this Report and Note 5 (Investment Securities) to Financial Statements in
this Report.

Effective liquidity management, which ensures that we can meet customer
loan requests, customer deposit maturities/withdrawals and other cash
commitments, including principal and interest payments on our debt, efficiently
under both normal operating conditions and other unpredictable circumstances of
industry or financial market stress, is essential for the operation of our
business, and our financial results and condition could be materially adversely
affected if we do not effectively manage our liquidity. 

Our liquidity is essential for the operation of our business. We
primarily rely on bank deposits to be a low cost and stable source of funding
for the loans we make and the operation of our business. Core customer
deposits, which include noninterest-bearing deposits, interest-bearing
checking, savings certificates, certain market rate and other savings, and
certain foreign deposits, have historically provided us with a sizeable source
of relatively stable and low-cost funds. In addition to customer deposits, our
sources of liquidity include

investments in our securities portfolio,
our ability to sell or securitize loans in secondary markets and to pledge
loans to access secured borrowing facilities through the FHLB and the FRB, and
our ability to raise funds in domestic and international money through capital
markets.

Our liquidity and our ability to fund
and run our business could be materially adversely affected by a variety of
conditions and factors, including financial and credit market disruption and volatility or a lack of market or customer
confidence in financial markets in general similar to what occurred during the
financial crisis in 2008 and early 2009, which may result in a loss of customer
deposits or outflows of cash or collateral and/or our inability
 to access capital markets on
favorable terms
. Market disruption and volatility could impact our
credit spreads, which are the amount in excess of the interest rate of U.S.
Treasury securities, or other benchmark securities, of the same maturity that
we need to pay to our funding providers. Increases in interest rates and our
credit spreads could significantly increase our funding costs. Other conditions
and factors that could materially adversely affect our liquidity and funding
include a lack of market or customer confidence in the Company or negative news
about the Company or the financial services industry generally

which also may result in a loss of
deposits and/or negatively affect our ability to access the capital markets;
our inability to sell or securitize loans or other assets, and, as described
below, reductions in one or more of our credit ratings. Many of the above
conditions and factors may be caused by events over which we have little or no
control
. 
While market
conditions have continued to improve since the financial crisis, 
there
can be no assurance that significant
 disruption 
and 

volatility 
in 

the 
 financial 
markets
will not occur in the future. 
For example, 
the U.S. government’s temporary
closure in October 2013 and continued concerns over the government’s ability to
reach a budget agreement caused financial market volatility. In addition, 
concerns regarding the potential failure
to raise the U.S. government debt limit and any associated downgrade of U.S.
government debt ratings

may cause uncertainty and volatility as
well. A failure to raise the U.S. debt limit in the future and/or additional
downgrades of the sovereign debt ratings of the U.S. government or the debt
ratings of related institutions, agencies or instrumentalities, as well as
other fiscal or political events could, in addition to causing economic and
financial market disruptions, materially adversely affect the market value of
the U.S. government securities that we hold, the availability of those
securities as collateral for borrowing, and our ability to access capital
markets on favorable terms, as well as have other material adverse effects on
the operation of our business and our financial results and condition.

As noted above, we rely

heavily
 on bank deposits for our funding and liquidity. We
compete with banks and other financial services companies for deposits. If our
competitors raise the rates they pay on deposits our funding costs may
increase, either because we raise our rates to avoid losing deposits or because
we lose deposits and must rely on more expensive sources of funding. Higher
funding costs reduce our net interest margin and net interest income
. Checking and savings account balances
and other forms of customer deposits may decrease when customers perceive
alternative investments, such as the stock market, as providing a better
risk/return tradeoff. When customers move money out of bank deposits and into
other investments, we may lose a relatively low cost source of funds,
increasing our funding costs and negatively affecting our liquidity.

If 
we are unable to continue to fund our
assets through customer bank deposits or

access
capital markets on favorable terms

or if we suffer an increase in our
borrowing costs or otherwise fail to manage our liquidity effectively, our
liquidity, net interest margin, financial results and condition may be
materially adversely affected. As we did during the financial crisis, we may
also need,

or be required by our regulators, to

raise 

additional
capital through the issuance of common stock, which could dilute the ownership
of existing stockholders, or reduce or even eliminate our common stock dividend
to preserve capital or in order to raise additional capital
. 

For more information, refer to the “Risk
Management – Asset/Liability Management” section in this Report. 

Adverse changes in our credit ratings could have a
material adverse effect on our liquidity, cash flows, financial results and
condition.

 Our borrowing
costs and ability to obtain funding are influenced by our credit ratings.
Reductions in one or more of our credit ratings 
could
adversely affect our ability to borrow funds and raise the costs of our
borrowings substantially and could cause creditors and business counterparties
to raise collateral requirements or take other actions that could adversely
affect our ability to raise funding. Credit ratings and credit ratings
agencies’ outlooks 
are
based on the ratings agencies’ analysis of many quantitative and qualitative
factors, such as our capital adequacy, liquidity, asset quality, business mix,
the level and quality of our earnings, rating agency assumptions regarding the
probability and extent of federal financial assistance or support, and other
rating agency specific criteria. In addition to credit ratings, our borrowing
costs are affected by various other external factors, including market
volatility and concerns or perceptions about the financial services industry
generally.

On October 8, 2013, Fitch Ratings affirmed
all the ratings of the Parent and its rated subsidiaries. On October 25, 2013,
Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services (S&P) affirmed all the ratings of
the Parent and its rated subsidiaries, and on November 14, 2013, Moody’s
Investors Service (Moody’s) confirmed all of the ratings of the Parent and its
rated subsidiaries. This ratings confirmation by Moody’s followed completion of
their review regarding whether to continue incorporating the possibility of
federal support in ratings applicable to certain bank holding companies in
light of recent regulatory developments related to 

116

the
Title II Orderly Liquidation Authority of the Dodd-Frank Act. Moody’s decided
to eliminate any assumption of federal support for the impacted holding
companies, including the Parent. However, Moody’s also concluded that the same
regulatory developments were likely to reduce the severity of losses for bank
holding company creditors in the event of default, reflecting the potential
benefits of a more orderly resolution of bank holding companies and their
related banks. The net result of these offsetting conclusions was the
confirmation of our ratings. S&P is likewise reviewing their support
assumptions for certain bank holding companies in light of the same regulatory
developments. That review is ongoing and S&P has not specified a timeframe
for completion of their review.

There
can be no assurance that we will maintain our credit ratings and outlooks and
that credit ratings downgrades in the future would not materially affect our
ability to borrow funds and borrowing costs.

Downgrades in our credit ratings also may
trigger additional collateral or funding obligations which could negatively
affect our liquidity, including as a result of credit-related contingent
features in certain of our derivative contracts. Although a one or two notch
downgrade in our

current credit
ratings would not be expected to trigger a material increase in our collateral
or funding obligations, a more severe credit rating downgrade of our long-term
and short-term credit ratings could increase our collateral or funding
obligations and the effect on our liquidity could be material. For information
regarding additional collateral and funding obligations required of certain
derivative instruments in the event our credit ratings were to fall below
investment grade, see Note 16 (Derivatives) to Financial Statements in this
Report.

We
rely on dividends from our subsidiaries for liquidity, and federal and state
law can limit those dividends.

 Wells
Fargo & Company, the parent holding company, is a separate and distinct
legal entity from its subsidiaries. It receives a significant portion of its
funding and liquidity from dividends and other distributions from its
subsidiaries. We generally use these dividends and distributions, among other
things, to pay dividends on our common and preferred stock and interest and
principal on our debt. Federal and state laws limit the amount of dividends and
distributions that our bank and some of our nonbank subsidiaries, including our
broker-dealer subsidiaries, may pay to our parent holding company. Also, our
right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary’s
liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the
subsidiary’s creditors.

For more information, refer to
the “Regulation and Supervision – Dividend Restrictions” and “– Holding Company
Structure” sections in our 2013 Form 10-K and to Note 3 (Cash, Loan and
Dividend Restrictions) and Note 26 (Regulatory and Agency Capital Requirements)
to Financial Statements in this Report.

RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL REGULATORY REFORM AND OTHER
LEGISLATION AND REGULATIONS

Enacted legislation and regulation, including the
Dodd-Frank Act, as well as future legislation and/or regulation, could require
us to change certain of our business practices, reduce our revenue and
earnings, impose additional costs on us or otherwise adversely affect our
business operations and/or competitive position.

Our parent company, our subsidiary banks and many of
our nonbank subsidiaries such as those related to our

brokerage and mutual fund businesses, 
are
subject to significant regulation under state and federal laws in the U.S., as
well as the applicable laws of the various jurisdictions outside of the U.S.
where we conduct business. These regulations protect depositors, federal
deposit insurance funds, consumers, investors and the banking and financial
system as a whole, not necessarily our stockholders. 
Economic
, market and political conditions during the
past few years have led to
 a significant

amount of new legislation and regulation in the U.S. and abroad, as well as
heightened expectations and scrutiny of financial services companies from
banking regulators. These laws and regulations may affect the manner in which
we do business and the products and services that we provide, affect or
restrict our ability to compete in our current businesses or our ability to
enter into or acquire new businesses, reduce or limit our revenue in businesses
or impose additional fees, assessments or taxes on us, intensify the regulatory
supervision of us and the financial services industry, and adversely affect our
business operations or have other negative consequences.

On July 21, 2010, the Dodd-Frank Act, the
most significant financial reform legislation since the 1930s, became law. The
Dodd-Frank Act, among other things, (i) established the Financial Stability
Oversight Council to monitor systemic risk posed by financial firms and imposes
additional and enhanced FRB regulations, including capital and liquidity
requirements, on certain large, interconnected bank holding companies such as
Wells Fargo and systemically significant nonbanking firms intended to promote
financial stability; (ii) creates a liquidation framework for the resolution of
covered financial companies, the costs of which would be paid through
assessments on surviving covered financial companies; (iii) makes significant
changes to the structure of bank and bank holding company regulation and
activities in a variety of areas, including prohibiting proprietary trading and
private fund investment activities, subject to certain exceptions; (iv) creates
a new framework for the regulation of over-the-counter derivatives and new
regulations for the securitization market and strengthens the regulatory
oversight of securities and capital markets by the SEC; (v) established the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) within the FRB, which has sweeping
powers to administer and enforce a new federal regulatory framework of consumer
financial regulation; (vi) may limit the existing pre-emption of state laws
with respect to the application of such laws to national banks, makes federal
pre-emption no longer applicable to operating subsidiaries of national banks,
and gives state authorities, under certain circumstances, the ability to
enforce state laws and federal consumer regulations against national banks;
(vii) provides for increased regulation of residential mortgage activities;
(viii) revised the FDIC's assessment base for deposit insurance by changing
from an assessment base defined by deposit liabilities to a risk-based system
based on total assets; (ix) phases out over three years beginning January 2013
the Tier 1 capital treatment of trust preferred securities; (x) permitted banks
to pay interest on business checking accounts beginning on July 1, 2011; (xi)
authorized the FRB under the Durbin Amendment to adopt regulations that limit
debit card interchange fees received by debit card issuers; and (xii) includes
several corporate governance and executive compensation provisions and
requirements, including mandating an advisory stockholder vote on executive
compensation.

The Dodd-Frank Act and many of its
provisions became effective in July 2010 and July 2011. However, a number of
its provisions still require final rulemaking, guidance, and interpretation by
regulatory authorities. Accordingly, in many respects the ultimate impact of
the 

117

Risk Factors

(continued)

Dodd-Frank Act and its effects on the U.S.
financial system and the Company still remain uncertain. Nevertheless, the
Dodd-Frank Act, including current and future rules implementing its provisions
and the interpretation of those rules, could result in a loss of revenue,
require us to change certain of our business practices, limit our ability to pursue
certain business opportunities, increase our capital requirements and impose
additional assessments and costs on us and otherwise adversely affect our
business operations and have other negative consequences.

Our consumer businesses, including our mortgage,
credit card and other consumer lending and non-lending businesses, may be
negatively affected by the activities of the CFPB, which has broad rulemaking
powers and supervisory authority over consumer financial products and services.
Although the full impact of the CFPB on our businesses is uncertain, the CFPB’s
activities may increase our compliance costs and require changes in our
business practices as a result of new regulations and requirements which could
limit or negatively affect the products and services that we currently offer
our customers. For example, in 2013, the CFPB issued a number of new rules
impacting residential mortgage lending practices. As a result of greater
regulatory scrutiny of our consumer businesses, we also may become subject to
more or expanded regulatory examinations and/or investigations, which also
could result in increased costs and harm to our reputation in the event of a
failure to comply with the increased regulatory requirements.

The Dodd-Frank Act’s proposed prohibitions
or limitations on proprietary trading and private fund investment activities,
known as the “Volcker Rule,” also may reduce our revenue and earnings, although
proprietary trading has not been significant to our financial results. Rules to
implement the requirements of the Volcker Rule were first proposed in 2011, and
final rules were issued in December 2013. Pursuant to an order of the FRB,
banking entities are required to make good faith planning efforts to come into
compliance with the Volcker Rule’s restrictions by July 21, 2015, subject to
potential limited further extensions of the compliance period that may be
granted at the discretion of the FRB. Companies with $50 billion or more in
trading assets and liabilities such as Wells Fargo will be required to report
trading metrics beginning June 30, 2014. Under the final rule, Wells Fargo will
also be subject to enhanced compliance program requirements. Because we
continue to evaluate the final rule and assess its requirements, the ultimate
impact of the final Volcker Rule on our investment activities, including our
venture capital business, is uncertain.

The
Dodd-Frank Act also imposes changes on the ABS markets by requiring sponsors of
ABS to hold at least a 5% ownership stake in the ABS. Exemptions from the
requirement include qualified residential mortgages and FHA/VA loans. Federal
regulatory agencies have proposed rules to implement this credit risk retention
requirement, which have only included limited exemptions. If adopted as
written, the current proposal may impact our ability to issue certain ABS or
otherwise participate in various securitization transactions.

Money
market mutual fund reform is also currently being evaluated. The Financial
Stability Oversight Council (FSOC) released for public comment proposed recommendations
for new SEC regulations to address the perceived risks that money market mutual
funds may pose to the financial stability of the United States. These proposed
recommendations include implementation of floating net asset value
requirements, redemption holdback provisions, and capital buffer requirements
and would be in addition to regulatory changes with respect to money market
mutual funds made by the SEC in 2010. The FSOC 
has not yet adopted

final recommendations. Following the FSOC’s proposals, the SEC issued its own proposed
regulatory changes that would, among other things, require a floating net asset
value for prime institutional money market funds, or liquidity fees and
redemption gates during periods of stress for non-governmental money market
funds, or a combination of both measures.
The SEC has not
issued final regulations
.
Until final regulations are adopted, the ultimate effect on our business and
financial results remains uncertain.

Federal banking regulators also
continue to implement the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act addressing the risks
to the financial system posed by the failure of a systemically important
financial institution. Pursuant to rules adopted by the FRB and the FDIC, Wells
Fargo has prepared and filed a resolution plan, a so called “living will,” that
would facilitate our resolution in the event of material distress or failure.
If the FRB and FDIC determine that our plan is deficient, the Dodd-Frank Act
authorizes the FRB and FDIC to impose more stringent capital, leverage or
liquidity requirements on us or restrict our growth or activities until we
submit a plan remedying the deficiencies. If the FRB and FDIC ultimately
determine that we have been unable to remedy the deficiencies, they could order
us to divest assets or operations in order to facilitate our orderly resolution
in the event of our material distress or failure.  Our national bank
subsidiary, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., is also required to prepare and submit a
resolution plan to the FDIC under separate regulatory authority.

The Dodd-Frank Act also
establishes an orderly liquidation process which allows for the appointment of
the FDIC as a receiver of a systemically important financial institution that
is in default or in danger of default. The FDIC has issued rules to implement
its orderly liquidation authority and recently released a notice regarding a
proposed resolution strategy, known as “single point of entry,” designed to
resolve a large financial institution in a manner that would, among other
things, impose losses on shareholders and creditors in accordance with
statutory priorities, without imposing a cost on U.S. taxpayers. 
Implementation of the strategy would require that institutions maintain a
sufficient amount of available equity and unsecured debt to absorb losses and
recapitalize operating subsidiaries.

Other future regulatory
initiatives that could significantly affect our business include proposals to
reform the housing finance market in the United States. These proposals, among
other things, consider winding down the GSEs and reducing or eliminating over
time the role of the GSEs in guaranteeing mortgages and providing funding for
mortgage loans, as well as the implementation of reforms relating to borrowers,
lenders, and investors in the mortgage market, including reducing the maximum
size of a loan that the GSEs can guarantee, phasing in a minimum down payment
requirement for borrowers, improving underwriting standards, and increasing
accountability and transparency in the securitization process. Congress also
may consider the adoption of legislation to reform the mortgage financing
market in an effort to assist borrowers experiencing difficulty in making
mortgage payments or refinancing their mortgages. The extent and timing of any
regulatory reform or the adoption of any legislation regarding the GSEs and/or
the home mortgage market, as well as any effect on the Company’s business and
financial results, are uncertain.

Any other future legislation
and/or regulation, if adopted, also could significantly change our regulatory
environment and increase our cost of doing business, limit the activities we
may pursue or affect the competitive 
balance
among banks, savings associations, credit unions, 

118

and
other financial 
services companies, and 
have a material
adverse effect on our financial results and condition.

For more information, refer to
the “Regulatory Reform” section in this Report and the “Regulation and
Supervision” section in our 2013 Form 10‑K.

Bank regulations,
including Basel capital and liquidity standards and FRB guidelines and rules,
may require higher capital and liquidity levels,
limiting our ability to pay common stock dividends, repurchase our common
stock, invest in our business or provide
loans to our customers

. 

Federal
banking regulators continually monitor the capital position of banks and bank
holding companies. In December 2010, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision
(BCBS) finalized a set of international guidelines for determining regulatory
capital known as Basel III. These guidelines are designed to address many of
the weaknesses identified in the previous Basel standards and in the banking
sector as contributing to the financial crisis of 2008 and 2009 by, among other
things, increasing minimum capital requirements, increasing the quality of
capital, increasing the risk coverage of the capital framework, increasing
liquidity buffers, and increasing standards for the supervisory review process
and public disclosure.
 When fully phased in, the Basel III guidelines require
bank holding companies to maintain a minimum ratio of Common Equity Tier 1
(CET1) to risk-weighted assets of at least 7.0%. The BCBS

has also proposed certain liquidity coverage and funding ratios.

The BCBS liquidity framework was initially proposed in 2010 and included
a liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) to measure the stock of high-quality liquid
assets to total net cash outflows over the next 30 calendar day period. The
BCBS recently published revisions to the LCR, including revisions to the
definitions of high quality liquid assets and net cash outflows. As originally
proposed, the LCR would be introduced on January 1, 2015, but the revisions
provided for phased-in implementation over a four year period beginning January
1, 2015, with full phase-in on January 1, 2019.

In June 2011, the BCBS

also proposed additional CET1 surcharge requirements for global
systemically important banks (G-SIBs) ranging from 1.0% to 3.5% depending on
the bank’s systemic importance to be determined based on certain factors. This
new capital surcharge, which would be phased in beginning in January 2016 and
become fully effective on January 1, 2019, would be in addition to the Basel III
7.0% CET1 requirement proposed in December 2010. The Financial Stability Board
(FSB), in an updated list published in November 2013 based on year-end 2012
data, identified the Company as one of 29 G-SIBs and provisionally determined
that the Company’s surcharge would be 1%. The FSB may revise the list of G-SIBs
and their required surcharges prior to implementation based on additional or
future data.

U.S. regulatory authorities have
been considering the BCBS capital guidelines and related proposals, and in July
2013, U.S. banking regulators approved final and interim final rules to
implement the Basel III capital guidelines for U.S. banks. These final capital
rules, among other things:

·

implement in
the United States the Basel III regulatory capital reforms including those that
revise the definition of capital, increase minimum capital ratios, and
introduce a minimum CET1 ratio of 4.5% and a capital conservation buffer of
2.5% (for a total minimum CET 1 ratio of 7.0%) and a potential countercyclical
buffer of up to 2.5%, which would be imposed by regulators at their discretion
if it is determined that a period of excessive credit growth is contributing to
an increase in systemic risk;

·

require
a Tier 1 capital to average total consolidated assets ratio of 4% and
introduce, for large and internationally active bank holding companies (BHCs),
a Tier 1 supplementary leverage ratio of 3% that incorporates off-balance sheet
exposures;

·

revise “Basel
I” rules for calculating risk-weighted assets to enhance risk sensitivity under
a standardized approach;

·

modify
the existing Basel II advanced approaches rules

for calculating
risk-weighted assets to implement Basel III;

·

deduct
certain assets from CET1, such as deferred tax assets that could not be
realized through net operating loss carry-backs, significant investments in
non-consolidated financial entities, and mortgage servicing rights, to the
extent any one category exceeds 10% of CET1 or all such items, in the
aggregate, exceed 15% of CET1;

·

eliminate the
accumulated other comprehensive income or loss filter that applies under
risk-based capital rules over a five-year phase in period beginning in 2014;
 and 

·

comply
with the Dodd-Frank Act provision prohibiting the reliance on external credit
ratings.

The final capital rules became
effective for Wells Fargo in January 2014, with certain provisions subject to
phase-in periods. The final rules did not implement the capital surcharge
proposals for G-SIBs or the proposed Basel III liquidity standards. Federal

banking regulators

did issue a proposal that has not
yet been finalized that would enhance the supplementary leverage ratio
requirements provided in the final capital rules for large BHCs like Wells
Fargo and their insured depository institutions. The proposal would be
effective January 1, 2018 and would require covered BHCs to maintain a
supplementary leverage ratio of at least 5% to avoid restrictions on capital distributions
and discretionary bonus payments and require that its insured depository
institutions maintain a supplementary leverage ratio of 6% to be considered
well capitalized. Federal banking regulators have indicated additional changes
to the proposal could be made in light of changes to the Basel III leverage
framework recently finalized by the BCBS. Federal banking regulators have also
recently proposed rules implementing the Basel III LCR. The U.S. proposal to
implement the LCR was substantially similar to the LCR agreed to by the BCBS,
but differed in some respects that may be viewed as a stricter version of the
LCR, such as proposing a more aggressive phase-in period.

The FRB has indicated it is in
the process of considering new rules to implement the G-SIB capital surcharge,
to address the amount of equity and unsecured debt certain large BHCs must hold
in order to facilitate their orderly resolution, and to address risks related
to banking organizations that are substantially reliant on short-term wholesale
funding. The ultimate impact of all of these finalized and proposed or
contemplated rules on our capital and liquidity requirements will depend on
final rulemaking and regulatory interpretation of the rules as we, along with
our regulatory authorities, apply the final rules during the implementation
process.

As part of its obligation to
impose enhanced capital and risk-management standards on large financial firms
pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the FRB issued a final capital plan rule that
became effective December 30, 2011. The final capital plan rule requires
top-tier BHCs, including the Company, to submit annual capital plans for review
and to obtain regulatory approval before making capital 

119

Risk Factors

(continued)

distributions.
There can be no assurance that the FRB would respond favorably to the Company’s
future capital plans
. 
The
FRB has also finalized a number of regulations implementing

enhanced prudential requirements
for

large BHCs like
Wells Fargo regarding risk-based capital and leverage, risk and liquidity management,
and stress testing. The FRB has also proposed, but not yet finalized, remediation
requirements for large BHCs experiencing financial distress that would restrict
capital distributions upon the occurrence of capital, stress test, or risk and
liquidity management triggers
. 

The
 Basel standards and FRB regulatory capital 
and
liquidity 
requirements may limit or otherwise restrict how we
utilize our capital, including common stock dividends and stock repurchases
,
and may require us to increase our capital and/or liquidity. Any requirement
that we increase our regulatory capital, regulatory capital ratios or liquidity
could require us to liquidate assets or otherwise change our business and/or
investment plans, which may negatively affect our financial results.

Although not currently
anticipated, 
the proposed Basel capital requirements and/or

our regulators may require us to
raise additional capital in the future. Issuing additional common stock may
dilute the ownership of existing stockholders.

For more information, refer to the
“Capital Management” and “Regulatory Reform” sections in this Report and the
“Regulation and Supervision” section of our 2013 Form 10-K. 

FRB
policies, including policies on interest rates, can significantly affect
business and economic conditions and our financial results and condition.

The
FRB regulates the supply of money in the United States. Its policies determine
in large part our cost of funds for lending and investing and the return we
earn on those loans and investments, both of which affect our net interest
income and net interest margin. The FRB’s interest rate policies also can
materially affect the value of financial instruments we hold, such as debt
securities and MSRs. In addition, its policies can affect our borrowers,
potentially increasing the risk that they may fail to repay their loans.
Changes in FRB policies are beyond our control and can be hard to predict. As a
result of the FRB’s concerns regarding, among other things, continued slow
economic growth, the FRB recently reaffirmed
that it intends to keep the target range for the federal funds rate near zero
until the unemployment rate falls to at least 6.5% and inflation expectations
remain within FRB targets. However, the FRB has indicated that it will consider
other factors, such as additional labor market and financial market conditions,
before deciding to increase the federal funds target rate. Although the amount
of monthly purchases has been tapered recently, the FRB also has continued its
purchases of U.S. government and mortgage-backed securities and may take
further actions in an effort to reduce or maintain low long-term interest rates.

As noted above, a declining
or low interest rate environment
and a flattening yield curve which may result from the FRB’s actions could
negatively affect our net interest income and net interest margin as it may
result in us holding lower yielding loans and investment securities on our
balance sheet. 

Risks Related to CREDIT AND OUR MORTGAGE
BUSINESS

As one of the largest lenders in the U.S., increased credit risk,
including as a result of a deterioration in economic conditions, 

could
require us to increase our

provision for credit losses and 

allowance
for credit losses

and could have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations and financial condition.

When we loan money or commit to
loan money we incur credit risk, or the risk of losses if our borrowers do not
repay their loans. 
As one of the largest lenders in the U.S., the credit
performance of our loan portfolios significantly affects our financial results
and condition. As noted above, if the current economic environment were to
deteriorate, more of our customers may have difficulty in repaying their loans
or other obligations which could result in a higher level of credit losses and
provision for credit losses. 
We reserve for credit losses by
establishing an allowance through a charge to earnings. The amount of this
allowance is based on our assessment of credit losses inherent in our loan
portfolio (including unfunded credit commitments). The process for determining
the amount of the allowance is critical to our financial results and condition.
It requires difficult, subjective and complex judgments about the future,
including forecasts of economic or market conditions that might impair the
ability of our borrowers to repay their loans. We might increase the allowance
because of changing economic conditions, including falling home prices and
higher unemployment, or other factors. For example, the regulatory environment
or external factors, such as natural disasters, also can influence recognition
of credit losses in the portfolio and our allowance for credit losses.

Reflecting the continued improved
credit performance in our loan portfolios, our provision for credit losses was
$2.2 billion and $1.8 billion less than net charge-offs in 2013 and 2012,
respectively, which had a positive effect on our earnings. Given current
favorable conditions, we continue to expect future allowance releases, a
bsent 

a
significant deterioration in the economy.

While we believe that our allowance for credit losses was appropriate at
December 31, 2013, there is no assurance that it will be sufficient to cover
future credit losses, especially if housing and employment conditions worsen.
In the event of significant deterioration in economic conditions, we may be
required to build reserves in future periods, 
which would reduce our
 earnings
. 

For more information, refer to
the “Risk Management – Credit Risk Management” and “Critical Accounting
Policies – Allowance for Credit Losses” sections in this Report. 

We may have more
credit risk and higher credit losses to the extent our loans are concentrated
by loan type, industry segment, borrower type, or location of the borrower or
collateral.

Our
credit risk and credit losses can increase if our loans are concentrated to
borrowers engaged in the same or similar activities or to borrowers who as a
group may be uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic or market
conditions. We experienced the effect of concentration risk in 2009 and 2010
when we incurred greater than expected losses in our residential real estate
loan portfolio due to a housing slowdown and greater than expected
deterioration in residential real estate values in many markets, including the
Central Valley California market and several Southern California metropolitan
statistical areas. As California is our largest banking state in terms of loans
and deposits, deterioration in real estate values and underlying economic
conditions in those markets or elsewhere in California could result in
materially higher credit losses. In addition, deterioration in macro-
economic
conditions

generally across the country
could result in materially higher credit losses, 
including
for our residential real estate loan portfolio.

We may experience
higher delinquencies and higher loss rates as our consumer real estate secured
lines of credit reach their contractual end of draw 

120

period
and begin to amortize. Additionally, we may experience higher delinquencies and
higher loss rates as borrowers in our consumer Pick-a-Pay portfolio reach their
recast trigger, particularly if interest rates increase significantly which may
cause more borrowers to experience a payment increase of more than 7.5% upon
recast.

We are currently the largest CRE lender
in the U.S.

A deterioration in economic conditions
that negatively affects the business performance of our CRE borrowers,
including increases in interest rates and/or declines in commercial property
values, could result in materially higher credit losses and have a material
adverse effect on our financial results and condition.

Challenging
economic conditions in Europe have increased our foreign credit risk. Although
our foreign loan exposure represented only approximately 6% of our total
consolidated outstanding loans and 3% of our total assets at
December 31, 2013, continued European economic difficulties could
indirectly have a material adverse effect on our credit performance and results
of operations and financial condition to the extent it negatively affects the
U.S. economy and/or our borrowers who have foreign operations.  

For
more information, refer to the “Risk Management – Credit Risk Management”
section and Note 6 (Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial
Statements in this Report.

We may incur losses on
loans, securities and other acquired assets of Wachovia that are materially
greater than reflected in our fair value adjustments.

We accounted for the Wachovia
merger under the purchase method of accounting, recording the acquired assets
and liabilities of Wachovia at fair value. All PCI loans acquired in the merger
were recorded at fair value based on the present value of their expected cash
flows. We estimated cash flows using internal credit, interest rate and
prepayment risk models using assumptions about matters that are inherently
uncertain. We may not realize the estimated cash flows or fair value of these
loans. In addition, although the difference between the pre-merger carrying
value of the credit-impaired loans and their expected cash flows – the
“nonaccretable difference” – is available to absorb future charge-offs, we may
be required to increase our allowance for credit losses and related provision
expense because of subsequent additional credit deterioration in these loans. 

For
more information, refer to the “Critical Accounting Policies – Purchased
Credit-Impaired (PCI) Loans” 
and “Risk Management – Credit
Risk Management
” sections in this Report. 

Our
mortgage banking revenue can be volatile from quarter to quarter, including as
a result of changes in interest rates and the value of our MSRs and MHFS, and
we rely on the GSEs to purchase our conforming loans to reduce our credit risk
and provide liquidity to fund new mortgage loans.

We 
were
the largest mortgage originator and residential mortgage servicer in the U.S.
as of December 31, 2013, and we earn r
evenue from fees we receive
for originating mortgage loans and for servicing mortgage loans. As a result of
our mortgage servicing business, w
e 
 have a sizeable portfolio of
MSRs. An MSR is the right to service a mortgage loan – collect principal,
interest and escrow amounts – for a fee. We acquire MSRs when we keep the
servicing rights after we sell or securitize the loans we have originated or
when we purchase the servicing rights to mortgage loans originated by other
lenders. We initially measure and carry all our residential MSRs using the fair
value measurement method. Fair value is the present value of estimated future
net servicing income, calculated based on a number of variables, including
assumptions about the likelihood of prepayment by borrowers. Changes in
interest rates can affect prepayment assumptions and thus fair value. When
interest rates fall, borrowers are usually more likely to prepay their mortgage
loans by refinancing them at a lower rate. As the likelihood of prepayment increases,
the fair value of our MSRs can decrease. Each quarter we evaluate the fair
value of our MSRs, and any decrease in fair value reduces earnings in the
period in which the decrease occurs. We also measure at fair value MHFS for
which an active secondary market and readily available market prices exist. In
addition, we measure at fair value certain other interests we hold related to
residential loan sales and securitizations. Similar to other interest-bearing
securities, the value of these MHFS and other interests may be negatively
affected by changes in interest rates. For example, if market interest rates
increase relative to the yield on these MHFS and other interests, their fair
value may fall.

When rates rise, the demand for
mortgage loans usually tends to fall, reducing the revenue we receive from loan
originations. Under the same conditions, revenue from our MSRs can increase
through increases in fair value. When rates fall, mortgage originations usually
tend to increase and the value of our MSRs usually tends to decline, also with
some offsetting revenue effect. Even though they can act as a “natural hedge,”
the hedge is not perfect, either in amount or timing. For example, the negative
effect on revenue from a decrease in the fair value of residential MSRs is
generally immediate, but any offsetting revenue benefit from more originations
and the MSRs relating to the new loans would generally accrue over time. It is
also possible that, because of economic conditions and/or a weak or
deteriorating housing market, even if interest rates were to fall or remain
low, mortgage originations may also fall or any increase in mortgage
originations may not be enough to offset the decrease in the MSRs value caused
by the lower rates.

We typically use derivatives and
other instruments to hedge our mortgage banking interest rate risk. We may not
hedge all of our risk, and we may not be successful in hedging any of the risk.
Hedging is a complex process, requiring sophisticated models and constant
monitoring, and is not a perfect science. We may use hedging instruments tied
to U.S. Treasury rates, LIBOR or Eurodollars that may not perfectly correlate
with the value or income being hedged. We could incur significant losses from
our hedging activities. There may be periods where we elect not to use
derivatives and other instruments to hedge mortgage banking interest rate risk.

We rely on GSEs to purchase
mortgage loans that meet their conforming loan requirements and on other
capital markets investors to purchase loans that do not meet those requirements
– referred to as “nonconforming” loans. During the past few years investor
demand for nonconforming loans has fallen,

thereby reducing the liquidity for those loans. In
response to the reduced liquidity in the capital markets, we may retain more
nonconforming loans. When we retain a loan not only do we forgo fee revenue and
keep the credit risk of the loan but we also do not receive any sale proceeds
that could be used to generate new loans. Continued lack of liquidity could
limit our ability to fund – and thus originate – new mortgage loans, reducing
the fees we earn from originating and servicing loans. In addition, we cannot
assure that GSEs will not materially limit their purchases of conforming loans,
including because of capital constraints, or change their criteria for
conforming loans (e.g., maximum loan amount or borrower eligibility). Each of
the GSEs is currently in conservatorship, with its primary 

121

Risk Factors

(continued)

regulator,
the Federal Housing Agency acting as conservator. We cannot predict if, when or
how the conservatorship will end, or any associated changes to the GSEs
business structure and operations that could result. As noted above, there are
various proposals 
to
reform the housing finance market in the U.S., including the role of the GSEs
in the housing finance market. The extent and timing of any such regulatory
reform regarding the housing finance market and the GSEs, including whether the
GSEs will continue to exist in their current form, as well as any effect on the
Company’s business and financial results, are uncertain.

For more information, refer to
the “Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management – Mortgage Banking Interest
Rate and Market Risk” and “Critical Accounting Policies” sections in this
Report. 

We may be required to repurchase mortgage loans or
reimburse investors and others as a result of breaches in contractual
representations and warranties.

We sell residential mortgage loans to various parties,
including GSEs, SPEs that issue private label MBS, and other financial
institutions that purchase mortgage loans for investment or private label
securitization. We may also pool FHA-insured and VA-guaranteed mortgage loans
which back securities guaranteed by GNMA. The agreements under which we sell
mortgage loans and the insurance or guaranty agreements with the FHA and VA
contain various representations and warranties regarding the origination and characteristics
of the mortgage loans, including ownership of the loan, compliance with loan
criteria set forth in the applicable agreement, validity of the lien securing
the loan, absence of delinquent taxes or liens against the property securing
the loan, and compliance with applicable origination laws. We may be required
to repurchase mortgage loans, indemnify the securitization trust, investor or
insurer, or reimburse the securitization trust, investor or insurer for credit
losses incurred on loans in the event of a breach of contractual
representations or warranties that is not remedied within a period (usually
90 days or less) after we receive notice of the breach. Contracts for
mortgage loan sales to the GSEs include various types of specific remedies and
penalties that could be applied to inadequate responses to repurchase requests.
Similarly, the agreements under which we sell mortgage loans require us to
deliver various documents to the securitization trust or investor, and we may
be obligated to repurchase any mortgage loan as to which the required documents
are not delivered or are defective. We may negotiate global settlements in
order to resolve a pipeline of demands in lieu of repurchasing the loans. We
establish a mortgage repurchase liability related to the various
representations and warranties that reflect management’s estimate of losses for
loans which we have a repurchase obligation. Our mortgage repurchase liability
represents management’s best estimate of the probable loss that we may expect to
incur for the representations and warranties in the contractual provisions of
our sales of mortgage loans. Because the level of mortgage loan repurchase
losses depends upon economic factors, investor demand strategies and other
external conditions that may change over the life of the underlying loans, the
level of the liability for mortgage loan repurchase losses is difficult to
estimate and requires considerable management judgment. As a result of the
uncertainty in the various estimates underlying the mortgage repurchase
liability, there is a range of losses in excess of the recorded mortgage
repurchase liability that are reasonably possible. The estimate of the range of
possible loss for representations and warranties does not represent a probable
loss, and is based on currently available information, significant judgment,
and a number of assumptions that are subject to change. If economic conditions
and the housing market do not continue to improve or future investor repurchase
demand and our success at appealing repurchase requests differ from past
experience, we could continue to have increased repurchase obligations and
increased loss severity on repurchases, requiring material additions to the
repurchase liability.

For more information, refer to the “Risk
Management – Credit Risk Management – Liability for Mortgage Loan Repurchase
Losses” section 
in this Report
. 

We may be terminated as a servicer or master servicer,
be required to repurchase a mortgage loan or reimburse investors for credit
losses on a mortgage loan, or incur costs, liabilities

,
fines and other sanctions

 if we fail to satisfy our servicing
obligations, including our obligations with respect to mortgage loan
foreclosure actions.

We
act as servicer and/or master servicer for mortgage loans included in
securitizations and for unsecuritized mortgage loans owned by investors. As a
servicer or master servicer for those loans we have certain contractual
obligations to the securitization trusts, investors or other third parties,
including, in our capacity as a servicer, foreclosing on defaulted mortgage
loans or, to the extent consistent with the applicable securitization or other
investor agreement, considering alternatives to foreclosure such as loan
modifications or short sales and, in our capacity as a master servicer,
overseeing the servicing of mortgage loans by the servicer. If we commit a
material breach of our obligations as servicer or master servicer, we may be
subject to termination if the breach is not cured within a specified period of
time following notice, which can generally be given by the securitization
trustee or a specified percentage of security holders, causing us to lose
servicing income. In addition, we may be required to indemnify the
securitization trustee against losses from any failure by us, as a servicer or
master servicer, to perform our servicing obligations or any act or omission on
our part that involves wilful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence. For
certain investors and/or certain transactions, we may be contractually
obligated to repurchase a mortgage loan or reimburse the investor for credit
losses incurred on the loan as a remedy for servicing errors with respect to
the loan. If we have increased repurchase obligations because of claims that we
did not satisfy our obligations as a servicer or master servicer, or increased
loss severity on such repurchases, we may have a significant reduction to net
servicing income within mortgage banking noninterest income.

We may incur costs if we are required to, or
if we elect to, re-execute or re-file documents or take other action in our
capacity as a servicer in connection with pending or completed foreclosures. We
may incur litigation costs if the validity of a foreclosure action is
challenged by a borrower. If a court were to overturn a foreclosure because of
errors or deficiencies in the foreclosure process, we may have liability to the
borrower and/or to any title insurer of the property sold in foreclosure if the
required process was not followed. These costs and liabilities may not be
legally or otherwise reimbursable to us, particularly to the extent they relate
to securitized mortgage loans. In addition, if certain documents required for a
foreclosure action are missing or defective, we could be obligated to cure the
defect or repurchase the loan. We may incur liability to securitization
investors relating to delays or deficiencies in our processing of mortgage
assignments or other documents necessary to comply with state law 

122

governing foreclosures. The fair value of our MSRs may be
negatively affected to the extent our servicing costs increase because of
higher foreclosure costs. We may be subject to fines and other sanctions
imposed by Federal or state regulators as a result of actual or perceived deficiencies
in our foreclosure practices or in the foreclosure practices of other mortgage
loan servicers. Any of these actions may harm our reputation or negatively
affect our residential mortgage origination or servicing business. In April
2011, 
we entered into consent orders with the OCC and the FRB following a joint
interagency horizontal examination of foreclosure processing at large mortgage
servicers, including the Company. These orders incorporate remedial
requirements for identified deficiencies and require the Company to, among
other things, take certain actions with respect to our mortgage servicing and
foreclosure operations, including submitting various action plans to ensure
that our mortgage servicing and foreclosure operations comply with legal requirements,
regulatory guidance and the consent orders. As noted above, any increase in our
servicing costs from changes in our foreclosure and other servicing practices,
including resulting from the consent orders, negatively affects the fair value
of our MSRs.

On February 9, 2012, a federal/state
settlement was announced among the DOJ, HUD, the Department of the Treasury,
the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), the
Executive Office of the U.S. Trustee, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau,
a task force of Attorneys General representing 49 states, Wells Fargo, and four
other servicers related to investigations of mortgage industry servicing and
foreclosure practices. While Oklahoma did not participate in the larger
settlement, it settled separately with the five servicers under a simplified
agreement. Under the terms of the larger settlement, which will remain in
effect for three and a half years (subject to a trailing review period) we have
agreed to the following programmatic commitments, consisting of three
components totaling approximately $5.3 billion:

·

Consumer Relief Program
commitment of $3.4 billion

·

Refinance Program
commitment of $900 million

·

Foreclosure Assistance
Program of $1 billion

Additionally and simultaneously, the OCC and
FRB announced the imposition of civil money penalties of $83 million and
$87 million, respectively, pursuant to the Consent Orders. While still subject
to FRB confirmation, we believe the civil money obligations were satisfied through
payments made under the Foreclosure Assistance Program to the federal
government and participating states for their use to address the impact of
foreclosure challenges as they determine and which may include direct payments
to consumers.

As part of the settlement, the Company was released from
claims and allegations relating to servicing, modification and foreclosure
practices; however, the settlement does not release the Company from any claims
arising out of securitization activities, including representations made to
investors respecting mortgage-backed securities; criminal claims; repurchase
demands from the GSEs; and inquiries into MERS, among other items. Any
investigations or litigation relating to any of the Company’s mortgage
servicing and foreclosure practices that are not covered or released by the
settlement could result in
material fines, penalties, equitable remedies, or other enforcement actions.

For more information, refer to the “Risk
Management – Liability for Mortgage Loan Repurchase Losses” and “– Risks
Relating to Servicing Activities,” and “Critical Accounting Policies –
Valuation of Residential Mortgage Servicing Rights” sections 
and

Note 14 (Guarantees, Pledged
Assets and Collateral)

and
Note 15 (Legal Actions) to Financial Statements in this Report
.  

Financial difficulties
or credit downgrades of mortgage and bond insurers may negatively affect our
servicing and investment portfolios.

Our servicing portfolio includes
certain mortgage loans that carry some level of insurance from one or more
mortgage insurance companies. To the extent that any of these companies
experience financial difficulties or credit downgrades, we may be required, as
servicer of the insured loan on behalf of the investor, to obtain replacement
coverage with another provider, possibly at a higher cost than the coverage we
would replace. We may be responsible for some or all of the incremental cost of
the new coverage for certain loans depending on the terms of our servicing
agreement with the investor and other circumstances
, although we do not have an
additional risk of repurchase loss associated with claim amounts for loans sold
to third-party investors
.
Similarly, some of the mortgage loans we hold for investment or for sale carry
mortgage insurance. If a mortgage insurer is unable to meet its credit
obligations with respect to an insured loan, we might incur higher credit
losses if replacement coverage is not obtained.
 For example, in October 2011,
PMI Mortgage Insurance Co. (PMI), one of our providers of mortgage insurance,
was seized by its regulator. We previously utilized PMI to provide mortgage
insurance on certain loans originated and held in our portfolio and on loans
originated and sold to third-party investors. We also hold a small amount of
residential MBS, which are backed by mortgages with a limited amount of
insurance provided by PMI. PMI has announced that it will pay 50% of insurance
claim amounts in cash with the rest deferred. Although we do not expect PMI’s
situation to have a material adverse effect on our financial results because of
the limited amount of loans and securities held in our portfolios with PMI
insurance support, we cannot be certain that any such future events involving
one of our other mortgage insurance company providers will not materially
adversely affect our mortgage business and/or financial results.
 We also have investments in
municipal bonds that are guaranteed against loss by bond insurers. The value of
these bonds and the payment of principal and interest on them may be negatively
affected by financial difficulties or credit downgrades experienced by the bond
insurers.

For more information, refer to
the “Earnings Performance – Balance Sheet Analysis – Investment Securities” and
“Risk Management – Credit Risk Management
– Liability for Mortgage Loan
Repurchase Losses
”
sections in this Report.

OPERATIONAL AND LEGAL RISK 

A
failure in or breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure,
or those of our third party vendors and other service providers, including as a
result of cyber attacks, could disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure
or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, damage our reputation,
increase our costs and cause losses.

As
a large financial institution that serves over 70

million customers through over
9,000 locations, 12,000 ATMs, the Internet and other distribution channels
across the U.S. and internationally, we depend
on our ability to process, record and monitor a large number of customer
transactions on a continuous basis. As our customer base and locations have
expanded throughout 

123

Risk Factors

(continued)

the U.S. and internationally, and
as customer, public, legislative and regulatory expectations regarding
operational and information security have increased, our operational systems
and infrastructure must continue to be safeguarded and monitored for potential
failures, disruptions and breakdowns. Our business, financial, accounting, data
processing systems or other operating systems and facilities may stop operating
properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors
including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control. For example,
there could be sudden increases in customer transaction volume; electrical or
telecommunications outages; degradation or loss of public internet domain;
climate change related impacts and natural disasters such as earthquakes,
tornados, and hurricanes; disease pandemics; events arising from local or
larger scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts; and, as
described below, cyber attacks. Although we have business continuity plans and
other safeguards in place, our business operations may be adversely affected by
significant and widespread disruption to our physical infrastructure or
operating systems that support our businesses and customers.

Information security risks for
large financial institutions such as Wells Fargo have generally increased in
recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use
of the Internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial
transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized
crime, hackers, terrorists, activists, and other external parties, including
foreign state-sponsored parties. Those parties also may attempt to fraudulently
induce employees, customers, or other users of our systems to disclose
confidential information in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers.
As noted above, our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and
storage of confidential information in our computer systems and networks. Our
banking, brokerage, investment advisory, and capital markets businesses rely on
our digital technologies, computer and email systems, software, and networks to
conduct their operations. In addition, to access our products and services, our
customers may use personal smartphones, tablet PC’s, and other mobile devices
that are beyond our control systems. Although we believe we have robust
information security procedures and controls, our technologies, systems,
networks, and our customers’ devices may become the target of cyber attacks or
information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release,
gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of Wells Fargo’s or our
customers’ confidential, proprietary and other information, or otherwise
disrupt Wells Fargo’s or its customers’ or other third parties’ business
operations.

For example, various retailers have recently
reported they were victims of cyber attacks in which large amounts of their
customers’ data, including debit and credit card information, was obtained. In
these situations we generally incur costs to replace compromised cards and
address fraudulent transaction activity affecting our customers.

Third parties with which we do
business or that facilitate our business activities, including exchanges,
clearing houses, financial intermediaries or vendors that provide services or
security solutions for our operations, could also be sources of operational and
information security risk to us, including from breakdowns or failures of their
own systems or capacity constraints.

To date we have not experienced
any material losses relating to cyber attacks or other information security
breaches, but there can be no assurance that we will not suffer such losses in
the future. Our risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because
of, among other things, the evolving nature of these threats, the prominent
size and scale of Wells Fargo and its role in the financial services industry,
our plans to continue to implement our Internet banking and mobile banking
channel strategies and develop additional remote connectivity solutions to
serve our customers when and how they want to be served, our expanded
geographic footprint and international presence, the outsourcing of some of our
business operations, and the current global economic and political environment.
For example, Wells Fargo and reportedly other financial institutions continue
to be the target of various evolving and adaptive denial-of-service or other
cyber attacks as part of what appears to be a coordinated effort to disrupt the
operations of financial institutions and potentially test their cybersecurity

capabilities.
As a result, cybersecurity and the continued development and enhancement of our
controls, processes and systems designed to protect our networks, computers,
software and data from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a priority
for Wells Fargo. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to
expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our
protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security
vulnerabilities.

Disruptions or failures in the
physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our businesses and
customers, or cyber attacks or security breaches of the networks, systems or
devices that our customers use to access our products and services could result
in customer attrition, financial losses, the inability of our customers to
transact business with us, violations of applicable privacy and other laws,
regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, reputational damage, reimbursement
or other compensation costs, and/or additional compliance costs, any of which
could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.

Our
framework for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating risk and loss
to us.

Our risk
management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss to us. We have established
processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report and
analyze the types of risk to which we are subject, including liquidity risk,
credit risk, market risk, interest rate risk, operational risk, legal and
compliance risk, and reputational risk, among others. However, as with any risk
management framework, there are inherent limitations to our risk management
strategies as there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that we have not
appropriately anticipated or identified. 
In certain instances, we rely on
models to measure, monitor and predict risks, such as market and interest rate
risks, however there is no assurance that these models will appropriately
capture all relevant risks or accurately predict future events or exposures. 
The recent financial and credit crisis
and resulting regulatory reform highlighted both the importance and some of the
limitations of managing unanticipated risks, and our regulators 
remain focused on ensuring that
financial institutions build and maintain robust risk management policies
. 

If our risk management framework
proves ineffective, we could suffer unexpected losses which could materially
adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.

We may incur fines,
penalties and other negative consequences from regulatory violations, possibly
even inadvertent or unintentional violations.

We maintain systems and procedures
designed to ensure that we comply with applicable laws and regulations.
However, some legal/regulatory frameworks provide for 

124

the
imposition of fines or penalties for noncompliance even though the
noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional and even though there was in
place at the time systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance. For
example, we are subject to regulations issued by the Office of Foreign Assets
Control (OFAC) that prohibit financial institutions from participating in the
transfer of property belonging to the governments of certain foreign countries
and designated nationals of those countries. OFAC may impose penalties for
inadvertent or unintentional violations even if reasonable processes are in
place to prevent the violations. There may be other negative consequences
resulting from a finding of noncompliance, including restrictions on certain
activities. Such a finding may also damage our reputation as described below
and could restrict the ability of institutional investment managers to invest
in our securities.

Under the Iran Threat Reduction
and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, we are required to make certain disclosures
in our periodic reports filed with the SEC relating to certain activities that
we or our worldwide affiliates knowingly engaged in involving Iran during the
quarterly period covered by the report. If we or an affiliate were to engage in
a reportable transaction, we must also file a separate notice regarding the
activity with the SEC, which the SEC will make publicly available on its
website. The SEC will be required to forward the report to the President, the
Senate Committees on Foreign Relations and Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs,
and the House of Representatives Committees on Foreign Affairs and Financial
Services. The President will then be required to initiate an investigation into
the reported activity and within 180 days make a determination as to whether to
impose sanctions on us. The scope of the reporting requirement is broad and
covers any domestic or foreign entity or person that may be deemed to be an
affiliate of ours. The potential sanctions and reputational harm for engaging
in a reportable activity may be significant.

Negative
publicity, including as a result of protests, could damage our reputation and
business.

Reputation
risk, or the risk to our business, earnings and capital from negative public
opinion, is inherent in our business 
and has increased substantially
because of the financial crisis and our size and profile in the financial
services industry. The reputation of the financial services industry in general
has been damaged as a result of the financial crisis and other matters affecting
the financial services industry, and negative public opinion about the
financial services industry generally or Wells Fargo specifically 
could
adversely affect our ability to keep and attract customers. Negative public
opinion could result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of
activities, including mortgage lending practices, 
servicing
and foreclosure activities, 
corporate governance, regulatory
compliance, mergers and acquisitions, and disclosure, sharing or inadequate
protection of customer information, and from actions taken by government
regulators and community or other organizations in response to that conduct.

Because
we conduct most of our businesses under the “Wells Fargo” brand, negative
public opinion about one business could affect our other businesses

and also could negatively affect our “cross-sell” strategy
. The
proliferation of social media websites utilized by Wells Fargo and other third
parties, as well as the personal use of social media by our team members and
others, including personal blogs and social network profiles, also may increase
the risk that negative, inappropriate or unauthorized information may be posted
or released publicly that could harm our reputation or have other negative
consequences, including as a result of our team members interacting with our
customers in an unauthorized manner in various social media outlets.

As a result of the financial
crisis, Wells Fargo and other financial institutions have been targeted from
time to time by protests and demonstrations, which have included disrupting the
operation of our retail banking stores and have resulted in negative public
commentary about financial institutions, including the fees charged for various
products and services. There can be no assurance that continued protests and
negative publicity for the Company or large financial institutions generally
will not harm our reputation and adversely affect our business and financial
results.

Risks
Relating to Legal Proceedings.

Wells
Fargo and some of its subsidiaries are involved in judicial, regulatory and
arbitration proceedings or investigations concerning matters arising from our
business activities. Although we believe we have a meritorious defense in all
material significant litigation pending against us, there can be no assurance
as to the ultimate outcome. We establish reserves for legal claims when
payments associated with the claims become probable and the costs can be
reasonably estimated. We may still incur legal costs for a matter even if we
have not established a reserve. In addition, the actual cost of resolving a
legal claim may be substantially higher than any amounts reserved for that
matter. The ultimate resolution of a pending legal proceeding, depending on the
remedy sought and granted, could materially adversely affect our results of
operations and financial condition. 

For
more information, refer to Note 15 (Legal Actions) to Financial Statements in
this Report.  

RISKS RELATED TO OUR INDUSTRY’S COMPETITIVE
OPERATING ENVIRONMENT 

We
face significant and increasing competition in the rapidly evolving financial
services industry. 

We
compete with other financial institutions in a highly competitive industry that
is undergoing significant changes as a result of financial regulatory reform
and increased public scrutiny stemming from the financial crisis and continued
challenging economic conditions. Wells Fargo generally competes on the basis of
the quality of our customer service, the wide variety of products and services
that we can offer our customers and the ability of those products and services
to satisfy our customers’ needs, the pricing of our products and services, the
extensive distribution channels available for our customers, our innovation,
and our reputation. Continued and increased competition in any one or all of
these areas may negatively affect our market share and results of operations
and/or cause us to increase our capital investment in our businesses in order
to remain competitive. Given the current economic, regulatory, and political
environment for large financial institutions such as Wells Fargo, and possible
public backlash to bank fees, there is increased competitive pressure to
provide products and services at current or lower prices. Consequently, our
ability to reposition or reprice our products and services from time to time
may be limited and could be influenced significantly by the actions of our
competitors who may or may not charge similar fees for their products and
services. Any changes in the types of products and services that we offer our
customers and/or the pricing for those products and services could 

125

Risk Factors

(continued)

result in a loss of customers and market share and could
materially adversely affect our results of operations.

Continued technological advances
and the growth of e-commerce have made it possible for non-depository
institutions to offer products and services that traditionally were banking
products, and for financial institutions and other companies to provide
electronic and internet-based financial solutions, including electronic payment
solutions. We may not respond effectively to these competitive threats from
existing and new competitors and may be forced to increase our investment in
our business to modify or adapt our existing products and services or develop
new products and services to respond to our customers’ needs. 

Our

“cross-selling” efforts to increase the number of products our customers
buy from us and offer them all of the financial products that fulfill their
needs is a key part of our growth strategy, and our failure to execute this
strategy effectively could have a material adverse effect on our revenue growth
and financial results.

Selling more products to our
customers – “cross-selling” – is very important to our business model and key
to our ability to grow revenue and earnings 
especially during the current
environment of slow economic growth and regulatory reform initiatives.

Many of our competitors also
focus on cross-selling, especially in retail banking and mortgage lending. This
can limit our ability to sell more products to our customers or influence us to
sell our products at lower prices, reducing our net interest income and revenue
from our fee-based products. It could also affect our ability to keep existing
customers. New technologies could require us to spend more to modify or adapt
our products to attract and retain customers. 
Our cross-sell strategy also is
dependent on earning more business from our Wachovia customers, and i
ncreasing
our cross-sell ratio – or the average number of products sold to existing
customers – may become more challenging and we might not attain our goal of
selling an average of eight products to each customer. 

Our
ability to attract and retain qualified team members is critical to the success
of our business and failure to do so could adversely affect our business
performance, competitive position and future prospects.

The success of Wells Fargo is
heavily dependent on the talents and efforts of our team members, and in many
areas of our business, including the commercial banking, brokerage, investment
advisory, and capital markets businesses, the competition for highly qualified
personnel is intense. In order to attract and retain highly qualified team
members, we must provide competitive compensation. As a large financial
institution we may be subject to limitations on compensation by our regulators
that may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain these qualified
team members. Some of our competitors may not be subject to these same
compensation limitations, which may further negatively affect our ability to
attract and retain highly qualified team members.

RISKS RELATED TO OUR FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Changes in accounting
policies or accounting standards, and changes in how accounting standards are
interpreted or applied, could materially affect how we report our financial
results and condition.

Our accounting policies are fundamental
to determining and understanding our financial results and condition. As
described below, some of these policies require use of estimates and
assumptions that may affect the value of our assets or liabilities and
financial results. Any changes in our accounting policies could materially
affect our financial statements.

From
time to time the FASB and the SEC change the financial accounting and reporting
standards that govern the preparation of our external financial statements. In
addition, accounting standard setters and those who interpret the accounting
standards (such as the FASB, SEC, banking regulators and our outside auditors)
may change or even reverse their previous interpretations or positions on how
these standards should be applied. Changes in financial accounting and
reporting standards and changes in current interpretations may be beyond our
control, can be hard to predict and could materially affect how we report our
financial results and condition. We may be required to apply a new or revised
standard retroactively or apply an existing standard differently, also
retroactively, in each case potentially resulting in our restating prior period
financial statements in material amounts.

Our financial
statements are based in part on assumptions and estimates which, if wrong,
could cause unexpected losses in the future, and our financial statements
depend on our internal controls over financial reporting.

Pursuant
to U.S. GAAP, we are required to use certain assumptions and estimates in preparing
our financial statements, including in determining credit loss reserves,
reserves for mortgage repurchases, reserves related to litigation and the fair
value of certain assets and liabilities, among other items. Several of our
accounting policies are critical because they require management to make
difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently
uncertain and because it is likely that materially different amounts would be
reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. For a
description of these policies, refer to the “Critical Accounting Policies”
section in this Report. If assumptions or estimates underlying our financial
statements are incorrect, we may experience material losses. 

Certain
of our financial instruments, including trading assets and liabilities,
investment securities, certain loans, MSRs, private equity investments,
structured notes and certain repurchase and resale agreements, among other
items, require a determination of their fair value in order to prepare our
financial statements. Where quoted market prices are not available, we may make
fair value determinations based on internally developed models or other means
which ultimately rely to some degree on management judgment, 
and there is no
assurance that our models will capture or appropriately reflect all relevant
inputs required to accurately determine fair value
. Some of these and other assets
and liabilities may have no direct observable price levels, making their
valuation particularly subjective, being based on significant estimation and
judgment. In addition, sudden illiquidity in markets or declines in prices of
certain loans and securities may make it more difficult to value certain
balance sheet items, which may lead to the possibility that such valuations
will be subject to further change or adjustment and could lead to declines in
our earnings.

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley) requires our management to evaluate
the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures and its internal control over
financial reporting and requires our auditors to issue a report on our internal
control over financial reporting. We are required to disclose, in our annual
report on Form 10-K, the existence of any “material weaknesses” in our internal
controls. We cannot assure that we will not identify one or more material
weaknesses as of the end of any given quarter or year, nor can we predict the
effect on our stock price of disclosure of a material 

126

weakness.
Sarbanes-Oxley also limits the types of non-audit services our outside auditors
may provide to us in order to preserve their independence from us. If our
auditors were found not to be “independent” of us under SEC rules, we could be
required to engage new auditors and re-file financial statements and audit
reports with the SEC. We could be out of compliance with SEC rules until new
financial statements and audit reports were filed, limiting our ability to
raise capital and resulting in other adverse consequences. 

RISKS
RELATED TO ACQUISITIONS

Acquisitions could
reduce our stock price upon announcement and reduce our earnings if we overpay
or have difficulty integrating them.

We regularly explore
opportunities to acquire companies in the financial services industry. We
cannot predict the frequency, size or timing of our acquisitions, and we
typically do not comment publicly on a possible acquisition until we have
signed a definitive agreement. When we do announce an acquisition, our stock
price may fall depending on the size of the acquisition, the type of business
to be acquired, the purchase price, and the potential dilution to existing
stockholders or our earnings per share if we issue common stock in connection
with the acquisition.

We generally must receive federal
regulatory approvals before we can acquire a bank, bank holding company or
certain other financial services businesses depending on the size of the
financial services business to be acquired. In deciding whether to approve a
proposed acquisition, federal bank regulators will consider, among other
factors, the effect of the acquisition on competition 
and the risk to the stability of
the U.S. banking or financial system
,
our financial condition and future prospects including current and projected
capital ratios and levels, the competence, experience, and integrity of
management and record of compliance with laws and regulations, the convenience
and needs of the communities to be served, including our record of compliance
under the Community Reinvestment Act, and our effectiveness in combating money
laundering. As a result of the Dodd-Frank Act and concerns regarding the large
size of financial institutions such as Wells Fargo, the regulatory process for
approving acquisitions has become more complex 
and regulatory approvals may be
more difficult to obtain
.
We cannot be certain when or if, or on what terms and conditions, any required
regulatory approvals will be granted. We might be required to sell banks,
branches and/or business units or assets or issue additional equity as a
condition to receiving regulatory approval for an acquisition.
 In addition, federal
bank regulations prohibit FRB regulatory approval of any transaction that would
create an institution holding more than 10% of total U.S. insured deposits, or
of any transaction (whether or not subject to FRB approval) that would create a
financial company with more than 10% of the liabilities of all financial
companies in the U.S. As
of September

30, 2013, we believe we already
held more than 10% of total U.S. insured deposits. As a result, our size may
limit our bank acquisition opportunities in the future.

Difficulty in integrating an
acquired company may cause us not to realize expected revenue increases, cost
savings, increases in geographic or product presence, and other projected
benefits from the acquisition. The integration could result in higher than
expected deposit attrition, loss of key team members, disruption of our
business or the business of the acquired company, or otherwise harm our ability
to retain customers and team members or achieve the anticipated benefits of the
acquisition. Time and resources spent on integration may also impair our
ability to grow our existing businesses. Also, the negative effect of any
divestitures required by regulatory authorities in acquisitions or business
combinations may be greater than expected. Many of the foregoing risks may be
increased if the acquired company operates internationally or in a geographic
location where we do not already have significant business operations and/or
team members. 

*   *   *

Any factor described
in this Report or in any of our other SEC filings could by itself, or together
with other factors, adversely affect our financial results and condition. Refer
to our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC in 2014 for material
changes to the above discussion of risk factors. There are factors not
discussed above or elsewhere in this Report that could adversely affect our
financial results and condition.

Controls and Procedures

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures

The
Company’s management evaluated the effectiveness, as of December 31, 2013, of
the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures. The Company’s chief executive
officer and chief financial officer participated in the evaluation. Based on
this evaluation, the Company’s chief executive officer and chief financial
officer concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were
effective as of December 31, 2013.

Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting

Internal control over financial reporting is defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a
process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company’s principal
executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company’s Board,
management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles (GAAP) and includes those policies and procedures that:

·

pertain to
the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets of the Company;

127

·

provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts
and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and

·

provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate. No change occurred during any quarter in

2013 that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting. Management’s report on internal control over
financial reporting is set forth below and should be read with these limitations
in mind.

Management’s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

The
Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Management assessed
the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2013, using the criteria set forth by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 
Internal
Control – Integrated Framework (1992)

. Based on this assessment, management
concluded that as of December 31, 2013, the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting was effective.

KPMG LLP, the independent
registered public accounting firm that audited the Company’s financial statements
included in this Annual Report, issued an audit report on the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting. KPMG’s audit report appears on the
following page.

128

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm

The
Board of Directors and Stockholders

Wells Fargo
& Company:

We
have audited Wells Fargo & Company and Subsidiaries’ (the Company)
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on
criteria established in 
Internal Control 

– 
Integrated Framework
(1992)

 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO). The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the
accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control
over financial reporting based on our audit.

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of
internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing
such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We
believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

A
company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of
the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition
of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements.

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not
prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In
our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on
criteria established in 
Internal Control 

– 
Integrated Framework
(1992)

issued by
COSO.

We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheet of
the Company as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the related consolidated
statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows
for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2013, and our
report dated February 26, 2014, expressed an unqualified opinion on
those consolidated financial statements.

/s/
KPMG LLP

San
Francisco, California

February 26, 2014

129

 Wells Fargo & Company and Subsidiaries

 Consolidated
 Statement of Income

 Year
 ended December 31, 

 (in millions, except per share amounts)

  2013 

  2012 

  2011 

 Interest income

 Trading assets

 $ 

  1,376 

  1,358 

  1,440 

 Investment securities

  8,116 

  8,098 

  8,475 

 Mortgages held for sale

  1,290 

  1,825 

  1,644 

 Loans held for sale

  13 

  41 

  58 

 Loans

  35,571 

  36,482 

  37,247 

 Other interest income

  723 

  587 

  548 

 Total interest income

  47,089 

  48,391 

  49,412 

 Interest expense

 Deposits

  1,337 

  1,727 

  2,275 

 Short-term borrowings

  60 

  79 

  80 

 Long-term debt

  2,585 

  3,110 

  3,978 

 Other interest expense

  307 

  245 

  316 

 Total interest expense

  4,289 

  5,161 

  6,649 

 Net interest income

  42,800 

  43,230 

  42,763 

 Provision for credit losses

  2,309 

  7,217 

  7,899 

 Net interest income after provision for credit losses

  40,491 

  36,013 

  34,864 

 Noninterest income

 Service charges on deposit accounts

  5,023 

  4,683 

  4,280 

 Trust and investment fees

  13,430 

  11,890 

  11,304 

 Card fees

  3,191 

  2,838 

  3,653 

 Other fees

  4,340 

  4,519 

  4,193 

 Mortgage banking

  8,774 

  11,638 

  7,832 

 Insurance

  1,814 

  1,850 

  1,960 

 Net gains from trading activities

  1,623 

  1,707 

  1,014 

 Net gains (losses) on debt securities (1)

 (29)

  (128) 

  54 

 Net gains from equity investments (2)

  1,472 

  1,485 

  1,482 

 Lease income

  663 

  567 

  524 

 Other

  679 

  1,807 

  1,889 

 Total noninterest income

  40,980 

  42,856 

  38,185 

 Noninterest expense

 Salaries

  15,152 

  14,689 

  14,462 

 Commission and incentive compensation

  9,951 

  9,504 

  8,857 

 Employee benefits

  5,033 

  4,611 

  4,348 

 Equipment

  1,984 

  2,068 

  2,283 

 Net occupancy

  2,895 

  2,857 

  3,011 

 Core deposit and other intangibles

  1,504 

  1,674 

  1,880 

 FDIC and other deposit assessments

  961 

  1,356 

  1,266 

 Other

  11,362 

  13,639 

  13,286 

 Total noninterest expense

  48,842 

  50,398 

  49,393 

 Income before income tax expense

  32,629 

  28,471 

  23,656 

 Income tax expense

  10,405 

  9,103 

  7,445 

 Net income before noncontrolling interests

  22,224 

  19,368 

  16,211 

 Less: Net income from noncontrolling interests

  346 

  471 

  342 

 Wells Fargo net income

 $ 

  21,878 

  18,897 

  15,869 

 Less: Preferred stock dividends and other

  989 

  898 

  844 

 Wells Fargo net income applicable to common stock

 $ 

  20,889 

  17,999 

  15,025 

 Per share information

 Earnings per common share

 $ 

  3.95 

  3.40 

  2.85 

 Diluted earnings per common share

  3.89 

  3.36 

  2.82 

 Dividends declared per common share

  1.15 

  0.88 

  0.48 

 Average common shares outstanding

  5,287.3 

  5,287.6 

  5,278.1 

 Diluted average common shares outstanding

  5,371.2 

  5,351.5 

  5,323.4 

(1)

Total other-than-temporary
impairment (OTTI) losses

(gains) 

were $39 million, $3
million and $349 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.
Of total OTTI, losses of $158 million, $240 million and $423 million were
recognized in earnings, and gains of $(119) million, $(237) million and $(74)
million were recognized as non-credit-related OTTI in other comprehensive
income for the year ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.

(2)

Includes OTTI losses
of $186 million, $176 million and $288 million for the year

ended December

31, 2013, 2012 and 2011,
respectively.

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

130

 Wells Fargo & Company and Subsidiaries

 Consolidated
 Statement of Comprehensive Income

 Year
 ended December 31, 

 (in millions)

  2013 

  2012 

  2011 

 Wells Fargo net income

 $ 

  21,878 

  18,897 

  15,869 

 Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax:

 Investment securities:

 Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period

  (7,661) 

  5,143 

  (588) 

 Reclassification of net gains to net income

  (285) 

  (271) 

  (696) 

 Derivatives and hedging activities:

 Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period

  (32) 

  52 

  190 

 Reclassification of net gains on cash flow hedges to net income

  (296) 

  (388) 

  (571) 

 Defined benefit plans adjustments:

 Net actuarial gains (losses) arising during the period

  1,533 

  (775) 

  (1,079) 

 Amortization of net actuarial loss, settlements and other to net
 income

  276 

  144 

  99 

 Foreign currency translation adjustments:

 Net unrealized losses arising during the period

  (44) 

  (6) 

  (37) 

 Reclassification of net gains to net income

  (12) 

  (10) 

  - 

 Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax

  (6,521) 

  3,889 

  (2,682) 

 Income tax (expense) benefit related to other comprehensive
 income

  2,524 

  (1,442) 

  1,139 

 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax

  (3,997) 

  2,447 

  (1,543) 

 Less: Other comprehensive income (loss) from noncontrolling
 interests

  267 

  4 

  (12) 

 Wells Fargo other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax

  (4,264) 

  2,443 

  (1,531) 

 Wells Fargo comprehensive income

  17,614 

  21,340 

  14,338 

 Comprehensive income from noncontrolling interests

  613 

  475 

  330 

 Total comprehensive income

 $ 

  18,227 

  21,815 

  14,668 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

131

 Wells Fargo & Company and Subsidiaries

 Consolidated
 Balance Sheet

 December
 31,

 (in millions, except shares)

 2013 

 2012 

 Assets

 Cash and due from banks

 $ 

  19,919 

  21,860 

 Federal funds sold, securities purchased under resale agreements
 and other short-term investments

  213,793 

  137,313 

 Trading assets

  62,813 

  57,482 

 Investment securities:

 Available-for-sale, at fair value

  252,007 

  235,199 

 Held-to-maturity, at cost (fair value $12,247 and $0)

  12,346 

  - 

 Mortgages held for sale (includes $13,879 and $42,305 carried at
 fair value) (1)

  16,763 

  47,149 

 Loans held for sale (includes $1 and $6 carried at fair value)
 (1)

  133 

  110 

 Loans (includes $5,995 and $6,206 carried at fair value) (1)

  825,799 

  799,574 

 Allowance for loan losses

  (14,502) 

  (17,060) 

 Net loans

  811,297 

  782,514 

 Mortgage servicing rights:

 Measured at fair value

  15,580 

  11,538 

 Amortized

  1,229 

  1,160 

 Premises and equipment, net

  9,156 

  9,428 

 Goodwill

  25,637 

  25,637 

 Other assets (includes $1,386 and $0 carried at fair value) (1)

  86,342 

  93,578 

 Total assets (2)

 $ 

  1,527,015 

  1,422,968 

 Liabilities

 Noninterest-bearing deposits

 $ 

  288,117 

  288,207 

 Interest-bearing deposits

  791,060 

  714,628 

 Total deposits

  1,079,177 

  1,002,835 

 Short-term borrowings

  53,883 

  57,175 

 Accrued expenses and other liabilities

  69,949 

  76,668 

 Long-term debt (includes $0 and $1 carried at fair value) (1)

  152,998 

  127,379 

 Total liabilities (3)

  1,356,007 

  1,264,057 

 Equity

 Wells Fargo stockholders' equity:

 Preferred stock

  16,267 

  12,883 

 Common stock – $1-2/3 par value, authorized 9,000,000,000
 shares;

  issued 5,481,811,474 shares and 5,481,811,474 shares

  9,136 

  9,136 

 Additional paid-in capital

  60,296 

  59,802 

 Retained earnings

  92,361 

  77,679 

 Cumulative other comprehensive income

  1,386 

  5,650 

 Treasury stock – 224,648,769 shares and 215,497,298 shares

  (8,104) 

  (6,610) 

 Unearned ESOP shares

  (1,200) 

  (986) 

 Total Wells Fargo stockholders' equity

  170,142 

  157,554 

 Noncontrolling interests

  866 

  1,357 

 Total equity

  171,008 

  158,911 

 Total liabilities and equity

 $ 

  1,527,015 

  1,422,968 

(1)

Parenthetical amounts
represent assets and liabilities for which we have elected the fair value
option.

(2)

Our consolidated
assets at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, include the following assets
of certain variable interest entities (VIEs) that can only be used to settle
the liabilities of those VIEs: Cash and due from banks, $165 million and $260
million; Trading assets, $162 million and $114 million; Investment Securities,
$1.4 billion and $2.8 billion; Mortgages held for sale, $38 million and $469
million; Net loans, $6.0

billion
and $10.6 billion; Other assets, $347 million and $457 million, and Total assets,
$8.1 billion and $14.6 billion, respectively.

(3)

Our consolidated
liabilities at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, include the following
VIE liabilities for which the VIE creditors do not have recourse to Wells
Fargo: Short-term borrowings, $29 million

and $0 million; Accrued expenses and other
liabilities, $90

million
and $134 million; Long-term debt, $2.3 billion and $3.5 billion; and Total
liabilities, $2.4

billion
and $3.6 billion, respectively.

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

132

 Wells Fargo & Company and Subsidiaries

 Consolidated
 Statement of Changes in Equity

 Preferred
 stock 

 Common
 stock 

 (in millions, except shares)

 Shares 

 Amount 

 Shares 

 Amount 

 Balance December 31, 2010

  10,185,303 

 $ 

  8,689 

  5,262,283,228 

 $ 

  8,787 

 Balance January 1, 2011

  10,185,303 

  8,689 

  5,262,283,228 

  8,787 

 Net income

 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax

 Noncontrolling interests

 Common stock issued

  52,906,564 

  88 

 Common stock repurchased (1)

  (85,779,031) 

 Preferred stock issued to ESOP

  1,200,000 

  1,200 

 Preferred stock released by ESOP

 Preferred stock converted to common shares

  (959,623) 

  (959) 

  33,200,875 

  56 

 Common stock warrants repurchased

 Preferred stock issued

  25,010 

  2,501 

 Common stock dividends

 Preferred stock dividends

 Tax benefit from stock incentive compensation

 Stock incentive compensation expense

 Net change in deferred compensation and related plans

 Net change

  265,387 

  2,742 

  328,408 

  144 

 Balance December 31, 2011

  10,450,690 

 $ 

  11,431 

  5,262,611,636 

 $ 

  8,931 

 Cumulative effect of fair value election for certain 

 residential mortgage servicing rights

 Balance January 1, 2012

  10,450,690 

  11,431 

  5,262,611,636 

  8,931 

 Net income

 Other comprehensive income, net of tax

 Noncontrolling interests

 Common stock issued

  97,267,538 

  162 

 Common stock repurchased (1)

  (119,586,873) 

 Preferred stock issued to ESOP

  940,000 

  940 

 Preferred stock released by ESOP

 Preferred stock converted to common shares

  (887,825) 

  (888) 

  26,021,875 

  43 

 Common stock warrants repurchased

 Preferred stock issued

  56,000 

  1,400 

 Common stock dividends

 Preferred stock dividends

 Tax benefit from stock incentive compensation

 Stock incentive compensation expense

 Net change in deferred compensation and related plans

 Net change

  108,175 

  1,452 

  3,702,540 

  205 

 Balance December 31, 2012

  10,558,865 

 $ 

  12,883 

  5,266,314,176 

 $ 

  9,136 

(1)

For the
year ended December 31, 2012, includes $200 million related to a private
forward repurchase transaction entered into in fourth quarter 2012 that settled
in first quarter 2013 for 6 million shares of common stock. For the year ended
December 31, 2011, includes $150 million related to a private forward
repurchase transaction entered into in fourth quarter 2011 that settled in
first quarter 2012 for 6 million shares of common stock. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

(continued
on following pages)

133

 Wells
 Fargo stockholders' equity 

 Cumulative 

 Total 

 Additional 

 other 

 Unearned 

 Wells
 Fargo 

 paid-in 

 Retained 

 comprehensive 

 Treasury 

 ESOP 

 stockholders' 

 Noncontrolling 

 Total 

 capital 

 earnings 

 income 

 stock 

 shares 

 equity 

 interests 

 equity 

  53,426 

  51,918 

  4,738 

  (487) 

  (663) 

  126,408 

  1,481 

  127,889 

  53,426 

  51,918 

  4,738 

  (487) 

  (663) 

  126,408 

  1,481 

  127,889 

  15,869 

  15,869 

  342 

  16,211 

  (1,531) 

  (1,531) 

  (12) 

  (1,543) 

  (37) 

  (37) 

  (365) 

  (402) 

  1,208 

  1,296 

  1,296 

  (150) 

  (2,266) 

  (2,416) 

  (2,416) 

  102 

  (1,302) 

  - 

  - 

  (80) 

  1,039 

  959 

  959 

  903 

  - 

  - 

  (2) 

  (2) 

  (2) 

  2,501 

  2,501 

  21 

  (2,558) 

  (2,537) 

  (2,537) 

  (844) 

  (844) 

  (844) 

  78 

  78 

  78 

  529 

  529 

  529 

  (41) 

  9 

  (32) 

  (32) 

  2,531 

  12,467 

  (1,531) 

  (2,257) 

  (263) 

  13,833 

  (35) 

  13,798 

  55,957 

  64,385 

  3,207 

  (2,744) 

  (926) 

  140,241 

  1,446 

  141,687 

  2 

  2 

  2 

  55,957 

  64,387 

  3,207 

  (2,744) 

  (926) 

  140,243 

  1,446 

  141,689 

  18,897 

  18,897 

  471 

  19,368 

  2,443 

  2,443 

  4 

  2,447 

  (16) 

  (16) 

  (564) 

  (580) 

  2,326 

  2,488 

  2,488 

  (50) 

  (3,868) 

  (3,918) 

  (3,918) 

  88 

  (1,028) 

  - 

  - 

  (80) 

  968 

  888 

  888 

  845 

  - 

  - 

  (1) 

  (1) 

  (1) 

  (23) 

  1,377 

  1,377 

  55 

  (4,713) 

  (4,658) 

  (4,658) 

  (892) 

  (892) 

  (892) 

  230 

  230 

  230 

  560 

  560 

  560 

  (89) 

  2 

  (87) 

  (87) 

  3,845 

  13,292 

  2,443 

  (3,866) 

  (60) 

  17,311 

  (89) 

  17,222 

  59,802 

  77,679 

  5,650 

  (6,610) 

  (986) 

  157,554 

  1,357 

  158,911 

134

 (continued
 from previous pages)

 Wells Fargo
 & Company and Subsidiaries

 Consolidated
 Statement of Changes in Equity

 Preferred
 stock 

 Common
 stock 

 (in millions, except shares)

 Shares 

 Amount 

 Shares 

 Amount 

 Balance December 31, 2012

  10,558,865 

 $ 

  12,883 

  5,266,314,176 

 $ 

  9,136 

 Balance January 1, 2013

  10,558,865 

  12,883 

  5,266,314,176 

  9,136 

 Net income

 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax

 Noncontrolling interests

 Common stock issued

  89,392,517 

 Common stock repurchased (1)

  (124,179,383) 

 Preferred stock issued to ESOP

  1,200,000 

  1,200 

 Preferred stock released by ESOP

 Preferred stock converted to common shares

  (1,005,270) 

  (1,006) 

  25,635,395 

 Common stock warrants repurchased

 Preferred stock issued

  127,600 

  3,190 

 Common stock dividends

 Preferred stock dividends

 Tax benefit from stock incentive compensation

 Stock incentive compensation expense

 Net change in deferred compensation and related plans

 Net change

  322,330 

  3,384 

  (9,151,471) 

  - 

 Balance December 31, 2013

  10,881,195 

 $ 

  16,267 

  5,257,162,705 

 $ 

  9,136 

(1)

For the year
ended December 31, 2013, includes $500 million related to a private forward
repurchase transaction entered into in fourth quarter 2013 that is expected to
settle in first quarter 2014 for an estimated 11 million shares of common
stock. See Note 1 for additional information.

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

135

 Wells Fargo
 stockholders' equity 

 Cumulative 

 Total 

 Additional 

 other 

 Unearned 

 Wells
 Fargo 

 paid-in 

 Retained 

 comprehensive 

 Treasury 

 ESOP 

 stockholders' 

 Noncontrolling 

 Total 

 capital 

 earnings 

 income 

 stock 

 shares 

 equity 

 interests 

 equity 

  59,802 

  77,679 

  5,650 

  (6,610) 

  (986) 

  157,554 

  1,357 

  158,911 

  59,802 

  77,679 

  5,650 

  (6,610) 

  (986) 

  157,554 

  1,357 

  158,911 

  21,878 

  21,878 

  346 

  22,224 

  (4,264) 

  (4,264) 

  267 

  (3,997) 

  28 

  28 

  (1,104) 

  (1,076) 

  (2) 

  (10) 

  2,745 

  2,733 

  2,733 

  (300) 

  (5,056) 

  (5,356) 

  (5,356) 

  108 

  (1,308) 

  - 

  - 

  (88) 

  1,094 

  1,006 

  1,006 

  191 

  815 

  - 

  - 

  - 

  - 

  (45) 

  3,145 

  3,145 

  83 

  (6,169) 

  (6,086) 

  (6,086) 

  (1,017) 

  (1,017) 

  (1,017) 

  269 

  269 

  269 

  725 

  725 

  725 

  (475) 

  2 

  (473) 

  (473) 

  494 

  14,682 

  (4,264) 

  (1,494) 

  (214) 

  12,588 

  (491) 

  12,097 

  60,296 

  92,361 

  1,386 

  (8,104) 

  (1,200) 

  170,142 

  866 

  171,008 

136

 Wells Fargo & Company and Subsidiaries

 Consolidated
 Statement of Cash Flows

 Year
 ended December 31, 

 (in millions)

  2013 

 2012 

  2011 

 Cash flows from operating activities:

 Net income before noncontrolling interests

 $

  22,224 

  19,368 

  16,211 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by
 operating activities:

 Provision for credit losses

  2,309 

  7,217 

  7,899 

 Changes in fair value of MSRs, MHFS and LHFS carried at fair value

  (3,229) 

  (2,307) 

  (295) 

 Depreciation and amortization

  3,293 

  2,807 

  2,208 

 Other net losses (gains)

  (9,384) 

  (3,661) 

  3,273 

 Stock-based compensation

  1,920 

  1,698 

  1,488 

 Excess tax benefits related to stock incentive compensation

  (271) 

  (226) 

  (79) 

 Originations of MHFS

  (317,054) 

  (483,835) 

  (345,099) 

 Proceeds from sales of and principal collected on mortgages
 originated for sale

  311,431 

  421,623 

  298,524 

 Originations of LHFS

  - 

  (15) 

  (5) 

 Proceeds from sales of and principal collected on LHFS

  575 

  9,383 

  11,833 

 Purchases of LHFS

  (291) 

  (7,975) 

  (11,723) 

 Net change in:

 Trading assets

  43,638 

  105,440 

  35,149 

 Deferred income taxes 

  4,977 

  (1,297) 

  3,573 

 Accrued interest receivable

  (13) 

  293 

  (401) 

 Accrued interest payable

  (32) 

  (84) 

  (362) 

 Other assets

  4,693 

  2,064 

  (11,529) 

 Other accrued expenses and liabilities

  (7,145) 

  (11,953) 

  3,000 

 Net cash provided by operating activities

  57,641 

  58,540 

  13,665 

 Cash flows from investing activities:

 Net change in:

 Federal funds sold, securities purchased under resale agreements

 and other short-term investments

  (78,184) 

  (92,946) 

  36,270 

 Available-for-sale securities:

 Sales proceeds

  2,837 

  5,210 

  23,062 

 Prepayments and maturities 

  50,737 

  59,712 

  52,618 

 Purchases 

  (89,474) 

  (64,756) 

  (121,235) 

 Held-to-maturity securities:

 Paydowns and maturities

  30 

  - 

  - 

 Purchases 

  (5,782) 

  - 

  - 

 Nonmarketable equity investments:

 Sales proceeds

  2,577 

  2,279 

  2,424 

 Purchases

  (3,273) 

  (2,619) 

  (2,656) 

 Loans:

 Loans originated by banking subsidiaries, net of principal
 collected

  (43,744) 

  (53,381) 

  (38,526) 

 Proceeds from sales (including participations) of loans originated
 for investment

  7,694 

  6,811 

  6,555 

 Purchases (including participations) of loans

  (11,563) 

  (9,040) 

  (8,878) 

 Principal collected on nonbank entities’ loans

  19,955 

  25,080 

  9,782 

 Loans originated by nonbank entities

  (17,311) 

  (23,555) 

  (7,522) 

 Net cash paid for acquisitions

  - 

  (4,322) 

  (353) 

 Proceeds from sales of foreclosed assets and short sales

  11,021 

  12,690 

  13,495 

 Net cash from purchases and sales of MSRs

  407 

  116 

  (155) 

 Other, net

  581 

  (1,169) 

  75 

 Net cash used by investing activities

  (153,492) 

  (139,890) 

  (35,044) 

 Cash flows from financing activities:

 Net change in:

 Deposits

  76,342 

  82,762 

  72,128 

 Short-term borrowings

  (3,390) 

  7,699 

  (6,231) 

 Long-term debt:

 Proceeds from issuance

  53,227 

  27,695 

  11,687 

 Repayment

  (25,423) 

  (28,093) 

  (50,555) 

 Preferred stock:

 Proceeds from issuance

  3,145 

  1,377 

  2,501 

 Cash dividends paid

  (1,017) 

  (892) 

  (844) 

 Common stock:

 Proceeds from issuance

  2,224 

  2,091 

  1,296 

 Repurchased

  (5,356) 

  (3,918) 

  (2,416) 

 Cash dividends paid

  (5,953) 

  (4,565) 

  (2,537) 

 Common stock warrants repurchased

  - 

  (1) 

  (2) 

 Excess tax benefits related to stock incentive compensation

  271 

  226 

  79 

 Net change in noncontrolling interests

  (296) 

  (611) 

  (331) 

 Other, net

  136 

  - 

  - 

 Net cash provided by financing activities

  93,910 

  83,770 

  24,775 

 Net change in cash and due from banks

  (1,941) 

  2,420 

  3,396 

 Cash and due from banks at beginning of year

  21,860 

  19,440 

  16,044 

 Cash and due from banks at end of year

 $

  19,919 

  21,860 

  19,440 

 Supplemental cash flow disclosures:

 Cash paid for interest

 $

  4,321 

  5,245 

  7,011 

 Cash paid for income taxes

  7,132 

  8,024 

  4,875 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
statements. See Note 1 for noncash activities.

137

See the Glossary of Acronyms at the end of this
Report for terms used throughout the Financial Statements and related Notes.

Note 1: 

Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies

Wells Fargo
& Company is a diversified financial services company. We provide banking,
insurance, trust and investments, mortgage banking, investment banking, retail
banking, brokerage, and consumer and commercial finance through banking stores,
the internet and other distribution channels to consumers, businesses and
institutions in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, and in foreign
countries. When we refer to “Wells Fargo,” “the Company,” “we,” “our” or
“us,” we mean Wells Fargo & Company and Subsidiaries (consolidated).
Wells Fargo & Company (the Parent) is a financial holding company and
a bank holding company.

Our accounting and reporting
policies conform with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and
practices in the financial services industry. To prepare the financial
statements in conformity with GAAP, management must make estimates based on
assumptions about future economic and market conditions (for example,
unemployment, market liquidity, real estate prices, etc.) that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and income and expenses during the reporting period and the related
disclosures. Although our estimates contemplate current conditions and how we
expect them to change in the future, it is reasonably possible that actual
conditions could be worse than anticipated in those estimates, which could
materially affect our results of operations and financial condition.
 Management has made significant
estimates in several areas, including allowance for credit losses and purchased
credit-impaired (PCI) loans (Note 6), valuations of residential mortgage
servicing rights (MSRs) (Notes 8 and 9) and financial instruments (Note 17),
liability for mortgage loan repurchase losses (Note 9) and income taxes (Note 21).
Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Accounting
Standards Adopted in 2013

In first quarter 2013, we adopted the following new
accounting guidance: 

·

Accounting Standards Update (ASU or
Update) 2011-11, 
Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities

; 

·

ASU 2013-01,
 Clarifying the Scope of Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities

; and

·

ASU 2013-02,

Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated
Other Comprehensive Income

. 

ASU 2011-11 

expands the disclosure requirements for certain
financial instruments and derivatives that are subject to enforceable master
netting agreements or similar arrangements. The disclosures are required
regardless of whether the instruments have been offset (or netted) in the balance
sheet. Under ASU 2011-11, companies must describe the nature of offsetting
arrangements and provide quantitative information about those agreements,
including the gross and net amounts of financial instruments that are
recognized on the balance sheet.

In
January 2013, the FASB issued 
ASU 2013-01

, which clarifies the scope of
ASU 2011-11 by limiting the disclosures to derivatives, repurchase agreements,
and securities lending transactions to the extent they are subject to an
enforceable master netting or similar arrangement.

We adopted this guidance in first quarter 2013 with
retrospective application. These Updates did not affect our consolidated
financial results since they amend only the disclosure requirements for
offsetting financial instruments. See Notes 14 and 16 for the new disclosures.

ASU 2013-02 

requires
companies to disclose the effect on net income line items from significant
amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (OCI) and
entirely into net income. If reclassifications are partially or entirely
capitalized on the balance sheet, then companies must provide a cross-reference
to disclosures that provide information about the effect of the
reclassifications. We adopted this guidance in first quarter 2013 with
retrospective application. This Update did not affect our consolidated
financial results as it amends only the disclosure requirements for accumulated
other comprehensive income. See Note 23 for expanded disclosures on reclassification
adjustments.

In third quarter 2013, we adopted the following new
accounting guidance: 

·

ASU 2013-10, 
Derivatives and Hedging (Topic
815): 

Inclusion of the
Fed Funds Effective Swap Rate (or Overnight Index Swap Rate) as a Benchmark
Interest Rate for Hedge Accounting Purposes

ASU 2013-10

 permits the Fed Funds Effective
Swap Rate (Overnight Index Swap Rate) to be used as a U.S. benchmark interest
rate for hedge accounting purposes, in addition to LIBOR and U.S. Treasury. The
Update also removes the restriction on using different benchmark rates for
similar hedges. Our adoption of this guidance with prospective application did
not affect our consolidated financial statements.

Consolidation

Our
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Parent and our
majority-owned subsidiaries and variable interest entities (VIEs) (defined
below) in which we are the primary beneficiary. Significant intercompany
accounts and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. When we have
significant influence over operating and financing decisions for a company but
do not own a majority of the voting equity interests, we account for the
investment using the equity method of accounting (we recognize a proportionate
share of the company’s earnings)
. 

If we 
do not have significant
influence, 
we recognize
the investment at cost except for (1) marketable equity securities, which we recognize
at fair value with changes in fair value included in OCI, and (2) nonmarketable
equity investments for which we have elected the fair value option. Investments
accounted for under the equity or cost method are included in other assets.

We are a variable interest holder
in certain special-purpose entities (SPEs) in which equity investors do not
have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest or where the
entity does not have enough equity at risk to finance its activities without
additional subordinated financial support from other parties (referred to as
VIEs). Our variable interest arises from contractual, ownership or other
monetary interests in the entity, which change with fluctuations in the fair
value of the 

138

entity's net assets. We consolidate a
VIE if we are the primary beneficiary, defined as the party that has both the
power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIE and a
variable interest that could potentially be significant to the VIE. To
determine whether or not a variable interest we hold could potentially be
significant to the VIE, we consider both qualitative and quantitative factors
regarding the nature, size and form of our involvement with the VIE. We assess
whether or not we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE on an on-going basis.

Cash and Due From Banks

Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, cash
items in transit, and amounts due from the Federal Reserve Bank and other
depository institutions. 

Trading
Assets

Trading
assets are primarily securities, including corporate debt, U.S. government agency
obligations and other securities that we acquire for short-term appreciation or
other trading purposes, and the fair value of derivatives primarily held for
customer accommodation purposes or 
risk mitigation and hedging
. Interest-only strips and other
retained interests in securitizations that can be contractually prepaid or
otherwise settled in a way that the holder would not recover substantially all
of its recorded investment are classified as trading assets. Trading assets are
carried at fair value, with interest and dividend income recorded in interest
income and realized and unrealized gains and losses recorded in noninterest
income. Periodic cash settlements on derivatives and other trading assets are
recorded in noninterest income.

Investments

available-for-sale

SECURITIES 

Debt securities that we might not
hold until maturity and marketable equity securities are classified as
available-for-sale securities and reported at fair value. Unrealized gains and
losses, after applicable income taxes, are reported in cumulative OCI. 

We conduct other-than-temporary
impairment (OTTI) analysis on a quarterly basis or more often if a potential
loss-triggering event occurs. The initial indicator of OTTI for both debt and
equity securities is a decline in fair market value below the amount recorded
for an investment and the severity and duration of the decline.

For a debt security for which
there has been a decline in the fair value below amortized cost basis, we
recognize OTTI if we (1) have the intent to sell the security, (2) it is more
likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery
of its amortized cost basis, or (3) we do not expect to recover the entire
amortized cost basis of the security.

Estimating recovery of the
amortized cost basis of a debt security is based upon an assessment of the cash
flows expected to be collected. If the present value of cash flows expected to
be collected, discounted at the security’s effective yield,

is less than amortized cost, OTTI
is considered to have occurred. In performing an assessment of the cash flows
expected to be collected, we consider all relevant information including:

·

the length of
time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than the amortized
cost basis;

·

the
historical and implied volatility of the fair value of the security;

·

the cause of
the price decline, such as the general level of interest rates or adverse
conditions specifically related to the security, an industry or a geographic
area;

·

the issuer's
financial condition, near-term prospects and ability to service the debt;

·

the payment
structure of the debt security and the likelihood of the issuer being able to
make payments that increase in the future;

·

for
asset-backed securities, the credit performance of the underlying collateral,
including delinquency rates, level of non-performing assets, cumulative losses
to date, collateral value and the remaining credit enhancement compared with
expected credit losses; 

·

any change in
rating agencies' credit ratings at evaluation date from acquisition date and
any likely imminent action; 

·

independent
analyst reports and forecasts, sector credit ratings and other independent
market data; and 

·

recoveries or
additional declines in fair value subsequent to the balance sheet date.

If we intend to sell the
security, or if it is more likely than not we will be required to sell the
security before recovery, an OTTI write-down is recognized in earnings equal to
the entire difference between the amortized cost basis and fair value of the
security. For debt securities that are considered other-than-temporarily
impaired that we do not intend to sell or it is more likely than not that we
will not be required to sell before recovery, the OTTI write-down is separated
into an amount representing the credit loss, which is recognized in earnings,
and the amount related to all other factors, which is recognized in OCI. The
measurement of the credit loss component is equal to the difference between the
debt security's amortized cost basis and the present value of its expected
future cash flows discounted at the security's effective yield. 
The remaining
difference between the security’s fair value and the present value of future
expected cash flows is due to factors that are not credit-related and,
therefore, is recognized in OCI. We believe that we will fully collect the
carrying value of securities on which we have recorded a non-credit-related
impairment in OCI.

We hold investments in perpetual
preferred securities (PPS) that are structured in equity form, but have many of
the characteristics of debt instruments, including periodic cash flows in the
form of dividends, call features, ratings that are similar to debt securities
and pricing like long-term callable bonds.

Because of the hybrid nature of
these securities, we evaluate PPS for OTTI using a model similar to the model
we use for debt securities as described above. Among the factors we consider in
our evaluation of PPS are whether there is any evidence of deterioration in the
credit of the issuer as indicated by a decline in cash flows or a rating agency
downgrade to below investment grade and the estimated recovery period.
Additionally, in determining if there was evidence of credit deterioration, we
evaluate: (1) the severity of decline in market value below cost, (2) the
period of time for which the decline in fair value has existed, and (3) the
financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, including any
specific events which may influence the operations of the issuer. We consider
PPS to be other-than-temporarily impaired if cash flows expected to be
collected are insufficient to recover our investment or if we no longer believe
the security will recover within the estimated recovery period.
 OTTI write-downs of
PPS are recognized in earnings equal to the difference between the cost 

139

Note 1: 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

(continued)

basis and fair value of the security. Based upon the
factors considered in our OTTI evaluation, we believe our investments in PPS
currently rated investment grade will be fully realized and, accordingly, have
not recognized OTTI on such securities.

For marketable equity securities
other than PPS, OTTI evaluations focus on whether evidence exists that supports
recovery of the unrealized loss within a timeframe consistent with temporary
impairment. This evaluation considers the severity of and length of time fair
value is below cost, our intent and ability to hold the security until
forecasted recovery of the fair value of the security, and the investee's
financial condition, capital strength, and near-term prospects.

The securities portfolio is an
integral part of our asset/liability management process. We manage these
investments to provide liquidity, manage interest rate risk and maximize portfolio
yield within capital risk limits approved by management and the Board of
Directors and monitored by the Corporate Asset/Liability Management Committee
(Corporate ALCO). We recognize realized gains and losses on the sale of these
securities in noninterest income using the specific identification method.

Unamortized premiums and
discounts are recognized in interest income over the contractual life of the
security using the interest method. As principal repayments are received on
securities (i.e., primarily mortgage-backed securities (MBS)) a proportionate
amount of the related premium or discount is recognized in income so that the
effective interest rate on the remaining portion of the security continues
unchanged.

Held-To-Maturity

SECURITIES 

Debt
securities for which the Company has the positive intent and ability to hold to
maturity are reported at historical cost adjusted for amortization of premiums
and accretion of discounts.
We recognize OTTI when there is a decline in fair market value and we do not
expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the debt security. The amortized cost is
written-down to fair value with the credit loss component recorded to earnings
and the remaining component recognized in OCI. The OTTI assessment related to
whether we expect recovery of the amortized cost basis and determination of any
credit loss component recognized in earnings for held-to-maturity securities is
the same as described for available-for-sale securities. Security transfers to
the held-to-maturity classification are accounted for at fair value. Unrealized
gains or losses from the transfer of available for sale securities continue to
be reported in cumulative OCI and are amortized into earnings over the
remaining life of the security using the effective interest method.

Nonmarketable
equity INVESTMENTS

Nonmarketable equity investments include low income
housing tax credit investments, equity securities that are not publicly traded
and securities acquired for various purposes, such as to meet regulatory
requirements (for example, Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank
(FHLB) stock). We elected the fair value option for certain of these
investments. The rest of these investments are accounted for under the cost or
equity method. All nonmarketable equity investments are included in other
assets. We review those assets accounted for under the cost or equity method at
least quarterly for possible OTTI. Our review typically includes an analysis of
the facts and circumstances of each investment, the expectations for the
investment's cash flows and capital needs, the viability of its business model
and our exit strategy. We reduce the asset value when we consider declines in
value to be other than temporary. We recognize the estimated loss as a loss
from equity investments in noninterest income. 

Securities
Purchased and Sold Agreements

Securities
purchased under resale agreements and securities sold under repurchase
agreements are accounted for as collateralized financing transactions and are
recorded at the acquisition or sale price plus accrued interest. It is our
policy to take possession of securities purchased under resale agreements,
which are primarily U.S. Government and Government agency securities. We
monitor the market value of securities purchased and sold, and obtain
collateral from or return it to counterparties when appropriate. These
financing transactions do not create material credit risk given the collateral
provided and the related monitoring process.

Mortgages
and Loans Held for Sale

Mortgages
held for sale (MHFS) include commercial and residential mortgages originated
for sale and securitization in the secondary market, which is our principal
market, or for sale as whole loans. We elect the fair value option for substantially
all residential MHFS (see Note 17). The remaining residential MHFS are held at
the lower of cost or market value (LOCOM), and are valued on an aggregate
portfolio basis. Commercial MHFS are held at LOCOM and are valued on an
individual loan basis.

Loans held for sale (LHFS) are
carried at LOCOM or at fair value. Generally, consumer loans are valued on an
aggregate portfolio basis, and commercial loans are valued on an individual
loan basis.

Gains and losses on MHFS are
recorded in mortgage banking noninterest income.
 Gains and losses on LHFS are recorded in other
noninterest income. Direct loan origination costs and fees 
for MHFS and LHFS
under the fair value option are recognized in income at origination. For MHFS
and LHFS recorded at LOCOM, loan costs and fees
 are deferred at origination and are recognized in
income at time of sale. 
Interest
income on MHFS and LHFS is calculated based upon the note rate of the loan and
is recorded to interest income.

Our lines of business are
authorized to originate held-for-investment loans that meet or exceed
established loan product profitability criteria, including minimum positive net
interest margin spreads in excess of funding costs. When a determination is
made at the time of commitment to originate loans as held for investment, it is
our intent to hold these loans to maturity or for the “foreseeable future,”
subject to periodic review under our corporate asset/liability management
process. In determining the “foreseeable future” for these loans, management considers
(1) the current economic environment and market conditions, (2) our business
strategy and current business plans, (3) the nature and type of the loan
receivable, including its expected life, and (4) our current financial
condition and liquidity demands. Consistent with our core banking business of
managing the spread between the yield on our assets and the cost of our funds,
loans are periodically re-evaluated to determine if our minimum net interest
margin spreads continue to meet our profitability objectives. If subsequent
changes in interest rates significantly impact the ongoing profitability of
certain loan products, we may subsequently change our intent to hold these
loans, and we would take actions to sell such loans in response to the Corporate
ALCO directives to reposition our balance sheet because of the changes in
interest rates. These directives identify both the type of loans to be sold and
the weighted average coupon rate of such loans no longer meeting our ongoing
investment criteria. Upon 

140

the issuance of such
directives, we immediately transfer these loans to the MHFS portfolio at LOCOM.

Loans

Loans
are reported at their outstanding principal balances net of any unearned
income, cumulative charge-offs, unamortized deferred fees and costs on
originated loans and unamortized premiums or discounts on purchased loans. PCI
loans are reported net of any remaining purchase accounting adjustments. See
the “Purchased Credit-Impaired Loans” section in this Note for our accounting
policy for PCI loans.

Unearned income, deferred fees
and costs, and discounts and premiums are amortized to interest income over the
contractual life of the loan using the interest method. 
Loan commitment fees
are generally deferred and amortized into noninterest income on a straight-line
basis over the commitment period.

Loans also include direct
financing leases that are recorded at the aggregate of minimum lease payments
receivable plus the estimated residual value of the leased property, less
unearned income. Leveraged leases, which are a form of direct financing leases,
are recorded net of related nonrecourse debt. Leasing income is recognized as a
constant percentage of outstanding lease financing balances over the lease
terms in interest income.

Nonaccrual AND
PAST DUE loans

We generally place loans on nonaccrual status when:

·

the full and timely collection of
interest or principal becomes uncertain (generally based on an assessment of
the borrower’s financial condition and the adequacy of collateral, if any); 

·

they are 90 days (120 days with
respect to real estate 1-4 family first and junior lien mortgages) past due for
interest or principal, unless both well-secured and in the process of
collection; 

·

part of the principal balance has
been charged off (including loans discharged in bankruptcy);

·

for
junior lien mortgages, we have evidence that the related first lien mortgage
may be 120 days past due or in the process of foreclosure regardless of the
junior lien delinquency status; or

·

performing
consumer loans are discharged in bankruptcy, regardless of their delinquency
status.

PCI loans are written down at
acquisition to fair value using an estimate of cash flows deemed to be
collectible. Accordingly, such loans are no longer classified as nonaccrual
even though they may be contractually past due because we expect to fully
collect the new carrying values of such loans (that is, the new cost basis
arising out of purchase accounting).

When
we place a loan on nonaccrual status, we reverse the accrued unpaid interest
receivable against interest income and amortization of any net deferred fees is
suspended. If
the ultimate collectability of the recorded loan balance is in doubt on a
nonaccrual loan, the cost recovery method is used and cash collected is applied
to first reduce the carrying value of the loan. Otherwise, interest
income may be recognized to the extent cash is received. Generally, we return a
loan to accrual status when all delinquent interest and principal become
current under the terms of the loan agreement and collectability of remaining
principal and interest is no longer doubtful.

For modified loans, we
re-underwrite at the time of a restructuring to determine if there is
sufficient evidence of sustained repayment capacity based on the borrower’s
financial strength, including documented income, debt to income ratios and
other factors. If the borrower has demonstrated performance under the previous
terms and the underwriting process shows the capacity to continue to perform
under the restructured terms, the loan will generally remain in accruing
status. When a loan classified as a troubled debt restructuring (TDR) performs
in accordance with its modified terms, the loan either continues to accrue
interest (for performing loans) or will return to accrual status after the
borrower demonstrates a sustained period of performance (generally six
consecutive months of payments, or equivalent, inclusive of consecutive
payments made prior to the modification). Loans will be placed on nonaccrual
status and a corresponding charge-off is recorded if we believe it is probable
that principal and interest contractually due under the modified terms of the
agreement will not be collectible.

Our loans are
considered past due when contractually required principal or interest payments
have not been made on the due dates. 

LOAN
CHARGE-OFF POLICIES

For commercial loans, we
generally fully charge off or charge down to net realizable value 
(fair value of
collateral, less estimated costs to sell) 
for
loans secured by collateral when: 

·

management
judges the loan to be uncollectible;

·

repayment is
deemed to be protracted beyond reasonable time frames;

·

the loan has
been classified as a loss by either our internal loan review process or our
banking regulatory agencies;

·

the customer
has filed bankruptcy and the loss becomes evident owing to a lack of assets; or

·

the loan is
180 days past due unless both well-secured and in the process of collection. 

For consumer loans, we fully
charge off or charge down to net realizable value when deemed uncollectible due
to bankruptcy discharge or other factors, or no later than reaching a defined
number of days past due,

as
follows: 

·

1-4 family first and junior lien
mortgages

– 
We generally charge down to net realizable value
when the loan is 180 days past due.

·

Auto loans 
– 
We generally fully charge off
when the loan is 120 days past due.

·

Credit card loans 
– 
We generally fully charge off
when the loan is 180 days past due.

·

Unsecured loans (closed end) 
– 
We generally fully charge off
when the loan is 120 days past due.

·

Unsecured loans (open end) 
– 
We generally fully charge off
when the loan is 180 days past due.

·

Other secured loans 
– 
We generally fully or partially
charge down to net realizable value when the loan is 120 days past due.

Impaired loans

We
consider a loan to be impaired when, based on current information and events,
we determine that we will not be able to collect all amounts due according to
the loan contract, including scheduled interest payments. This evaluation is
generally based on delinquency information, an assessment of the borrower’s
financial condition and the adequacy of collateral, if any. Our impaired loans
predominantly include loans on nonaccrual status for commercial and industrial,
commercial real estate (CRE), foreign loans and any loans modified in a TDR, on both
accrual and nonaccrual status.

141

Note 1: 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

(continued)

When we identify a loan as impaired, we generally measure the impairment,
if any, based on the difference between the recorded investment in the loan
(net of previous charge-offs, deferred loan fees or costs and unamortized
premium or discount) and the present value of expected future cash flows,
discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate. When the value of an impaired
loan is calculated by discounting expected cash flows, interest income is
recognized using the loan’s effective interest rate over the remaining life of
the loan.

When collateral is the sole source of
repayment for the impaired loan, rather than the borrower’s income or other
sources of repayment, we charge down to net realizable value.

Troubled debt
restructurings

In situations where, for economic or legal
reasons related to a borrower’s financial difficulties, we grant a concession
for other than an insignificant period of time to the borrower that we would
not otherwise consider, the related loan is classified as a TDR. These modified
terms may include rate reductions, principal forgiveness, term extensions,
payment forbearance and other actions intended to minimize our economic loss
and to avoid foreclosure or repossession of the collateral. For modifications
where we forgive principal, the entire amount of such principal forgiveness is
immediately charged off. Loans classified as TDRs, including loans in trial
payment periods (trial modifications), are considered impaired loans. Other
than resolutions such as foreclosures, sales and transfers to held-for- sale,
we may remove loans held for investment from TDR classification, but only if
they have been refinanced or restructured at market terms and qualify as a new
loan.

Purchased
credit-impaired

loans 

Loans acquired with evidence of
credit deterioration since their origination and where it is probable that we
will not collect all contractually required principal and interest payments are
PCI loans. PCI loans are recorded at fair value at the date of acquisition, and
the historical allowance for credit losses related to these loans is not
carried over. 
Some loans that
otherwise meet the definition as credit-impaired are specifically excluded from
the PCI loan portfolios, such as revolving loans where the borrower still has
revolving privileges.

Evidence of credit quality
deterioration as of the purchase date may include statistics such as past due
and nonaccrual status, commercial risk ratings, recent borrower credit scores
and recent loan-to-value percentages. Generally, acquired loans that meet our
definition for nonaccrual status are considered to be credit-impaired.

Substantially all commercial and
industrial, CRE and foreign PCI loans are accounted for as individual loans.
Conversely, consumer PCI loans have been aggregated into pools based on common
risk characteristics. Each pool is accounted for as a single asset with a
single composite interest rate and an aggregate expectation of cash flows.

Accounting for PCI loans
involves estimating fair value, at acquisition, using the principal and
interest cash flows expected to be collected discounted at the prevailing
market rate of interest. The excess of cash flows expected to be collected over
the carrying value (estimated fair value at acquisition date) is referred to as
the accretable yield and is recognized in interest income using an effective
yield method over the remaining life of the loan, or pool of loans, in
situations where there is a reasonable expectation about the timing and amount
of cash flows to be collected. The difference between contractually required
payments and the cash flows expected to be collected at acquisition,
considering the impact of prepayments, is referred to as the nonaccretable
difference.

Subsequent to acquisition, we
regularly evaluate our estimates of cash flows expected to be collected. If we
have

p
robable decreases in cash flows
 expected to be collected 
(other than due to
decreases in interest rate indices and changes in prepayment assumptions), we
charge the provision for credit losses, resulting in an increase to the
allowance for loan losses. If we have probable and significant increases in
cash flows expected to be collected, we first reverse any previously
established allowance for loan losses and then increase interest income as a
prospective yield adjustment over the remaining life of the loan, or pool of
loans. Estimates of cash flows are impacted by changes in interest rate indices
for variable rate loans and prepayment assumptions, both of which are treated
as prospective yield adjustments included in interest income.

Resolutions of loans
may include sales of loans to third parties, receipt of payments in settlement
with the borrower, or foreclosure of the collateral. For individual PCI loans,
gains or losses on sales to third parties are included in noninterest income,
and gains or losses as a result of a settlement with the borrower are included
in interest income. Our policy is to remove an individual loan from a pool
based on comparing the amount received from its resolution with its contractual
amount. Any difference between these amounts is absorbed by the nonaccretable
difference for the entire pool. This removal method assumes that the amount
received from resolution approximates pool performance expectations. The
remaining accretable yield balance is unaffected and any material change in
remaining effective yield caused by this removal method is addressed by our
quarterly cash flow evaluation process for each pool. For loans that are
resolved by payment in full, there is no release of the nonaccretable
difference for the pool because there is no difference between the amount
received at resolution and the contractual amount of the loan. Modified PCI
loans are not removed from a pool even if those loans would otherwise be deemed
TDRs. Modified PCI loans that are accounted for individually are considered
TDRs, and removed from PCI accounting if there has been a concession granted in
excess of the original nonaccretable difference. We include these TDRs in our
impaired loans.

FORECLOSED
ASSETS

  F
oreclosed 

assets obtained through our lending activities primarily include real estate.

Generally, loans have been written down to their net
realizable value prior to foreclosure. Any further reduction to their net
realizable value is recorded with a charge to the allowance for credit losses
at foreclosure. We allow up to 90 days after foreclosure to finalize
determination of net realizable value. Thereafter, changes in net realizable
value are recorded to noninterest expense. The net realizable value of these
assets is reviewed and updated periodically depending on the type of property.

Allowance
for Credit Losses (ACL)

The allowance for credit losses is
management’s estimate of credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio, including
unfunded credit commitments, at the balance sheet date. We have an established
process to determine the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses
that assesses the losses inherent in our portfolio and related unfunded credit
commitments. While we attribute portions of the allowance to our respective
commercial and consumer portfolio segments, the entire allowance is available
to absorb credit losses inherent in the total loan portfolio and unfunded
credit commitments.

142

Our process
involves procedures to appropriately consider the unique risk characteristics
of our commercial and consumer loan portfolio segments. For each portfolio
segment, losses are estimated collectively for groups of loans with similar
characteristics, individually or pooled for impaired loans or, for PCI loans,
based on the changes in cash flows expected to be collected.

Our allowance levels are influenced by loan
volumes, loan grade migration or delinquency status, historic loss experience
influencing loss factors, and other conditions influencing loss expectations,
such as economic conditions. 

Commercial Portfolio Segment
ACL Methodology

Generally,
commercial loans are assessed for estimated losses by grading each loan using
various risk factors as identified through periodic reviews. We apply historic
grade-specific loss factors to the aggregation of each funded grade pool. These
historic loss factors are also used to estimate losses for unfunded credit
commitments. In the development of our statistically derived loan grade loss
factors, we observe historical losses over a relevant period for each loan
grade. These loss estimates are adjusted as appropriate based on additional
analysis of long-term average loss experience compared to previously forecasted
losses, external loss data or other risks identified from current economic
conditions and credit quality trends.

The allowance also includes an amount for
the estimated impairment on nonaccrual commercial loans and commercial loans
modified in a TDR, whether on accrual or nonaccrual status.

Consumer Portfolio Segment ACL
Methodology

For
consumer loans that are not identified as a TDR, we determine the allowance
predominantly on a collective basis utilizing forecasted losses to represent
our best estimate of inherent loss. We pool loans, generally by product types
with similar risk characteristics, such as residential real estate mortgages and
credit cards. As appropriate and to achieve greater accuracy, we may further
stratify selected portfolios by sub-product, origination channel, vintage, loss
type, geographic location and other predictive characteristics. Models designed
for each pool are utilized to develop the loss estimates. We use assumptions
for these pools in our forecast models, such as historic delinquency and
default, loss severity, home price trends, unemployment trends, and other key
economic variables that may influence the frequency and severity of losses in
the pool.

In determining the appropriate allowance
attributable to our residential mortgage portfolio, we take into consideration
portfolios determined to be at elevated risk, such as junior lien mortgages
behind delinquent first lien mortgages and junior lien lines of credit subject
to near term significant payment increases. We incorporate the default rates
and high severity of loss for these higher risk portfolios,

including the impact of our established loan
modification programs. When modifications occur or are probable to occur, our
allowance considers the impact of these modifications, taking into
consideration the associated credit cost, including re-defaults of modified
loans and projected loss severity. Accordingly, the loss content associated
with the effects of existing and probable loan modifications and higher risk
portfolios has been captured in our allowance methodology.

We separately estimate impairment for consumer
loans that have been modified in a TDR (including trial modifications), whether
on accrual or nonaccrual status.

OTHER ACL MATTERS

The allowance for
credit losses for both portfolio segments includes an amount for imprecision or
uncertainty that may change from period to period. This amount represents
management’s judgment of risks inherent in the processes and assumptions used
in establishing the allowance. This imprecision considers economic
environmental factors, modeling assumptions and performance, process risk, and
other subjective factors, including industry trends

and risk assessments
for our commitments to regulatory and government agencies regarding settlements
of mortgage foreclosure-related matters.

Securitizations
and Beneficial Interests

In
certain asset securitization transactions that meet the applicable criteria to
be accounted for as a sale, assets are sold to an entity referred to as an SPE,
which then issues beneficial interests in the form of senior and subordinated
interests collateralized by the assets. In some cases, we may retain beneficial
interests issued by the entity. Additionally, from time to time, we may also
re-securitize certain assets in a new securitization transaction.

The assets and liabilities
transferred to an SPE are excluded from our consolidated balance sheet if the
transfer qualifies as a sale and we are not required to consolidate the SPE.

For transfers of financial assets
recorded as sales, we recognize and initially measure at fair value all assets
obtained (including beneficial interests) and liabilities incurred. We record a
gain or loss in noninterest income for the difference between the carrying
amount and the fair value of the assets sold. Fair values are based on quoted
market prices, quoted market prices for similar assets, or if market prices are
not available, then the fair value is estimated using discounted cash flow
analyses with assumptions for credit losses, prepayments and discount rates
that are corroborated by and verified against market observable data, where
possible. Retained interests and liabilities incurred from securitizations with
off-balance sheet entities, including SPEs and VIEs, where we are not the
primary beneficiary, are classified as investment securities, trading account
assets, loans, MSRs or other liabilities (including liabilities for mortgage
repurchase losses) and are accounted for as described herein.

Mortgage
Servicing Rights (MSRs)

We
recognize the rights to service mortgage loans for others, or MSRs, as assets
whether we purchase the MSRs or the MSRs result from a sale or securitization
of loans we originate (asset transfers). We initially record all of our MSRs at
fair value. Subsequently, residential loan MSRs are carried at fair value. All
of our MSRs related to our commercial mortgage loans are subsequently measured
at LOCOM.

We base the fair value of MSRs on
the present value of estimated future net servicing income cash flows. We
estimate future net servicing income cash flows with assumptions that

market participants would use to
estimate fair value, including estimates of

prepayment speeds 
(which are influenced by changes
in mortgage interest rates and borrower behavior, including estimates for
borrower default
),
discount rates, cost to service (including delinquency and foreclosure costs),
escrow account earnings, contractual servicing fee income, ancillary income and

late

fees. Our valuation approach is
validated by our internal valuation model validation group, and our valuation
estimates are benchmarked to third party appraisals on a quarterly basis.

Changes in the fair value of MSRs
occur primarily due to the collection/realization of expected cash flows, as
well as changes in 

143

Note 1: 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

(continued)

valuation inputs and assumptions. 
For MSRs carried at fair value,
changes in fair value are reported in noninterest income in the period in which
the change occurs. MSRs subsequently measured at LOCOM are amortized in
proportion to, and over the period of, estimated net servicing income. The
amortization of MSRs is reported in noninterest income, analyzed monthly and
adjusted to reflect changes in prepayment speeds, as well as other factors.

MSRs accounted for at LOCOM are
periodically evaluated for impairment based on the fair value of those assets.
For purposes of impairment evaluation and measurement, we stratify MSRs based
on the predominant risk characteristics of the underlying loans, including
investor and product type. If, by individual stratum, the carrying amount of
these MSRs exceeds fair value, a valuation reserve is established. The
valuation reserve is adjusted as the fair value changes.

Premises
and Equipment

Premises
and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and
amortization. Capital leases, where we are the lessee, are included in premises
and equipment at the capitalized amount less accumulated amortization.

We primarily use the
straight-line method of depreciation and amortization. Estimated useful lives
range up to 40 years for buildings, up to 10 years for furniture and equipment,
and the shorter of the estimated useful life (up to 8 years)

or the lease term for leasehold
improvements. We amortize capitalized leased assets on a straight-line basis
over the lives of the respective leases.

Goodwill
and Identifiable Intangible Assets

Goodwill
is recorded in business combinations under the purchase method of accounting
when the purchase price is higher than the fair value of net assets, including
identifiable intangible assets.

We assess goodwill for impairment
at a reporting unit level on an annual basis or more frequently in certain
circumstances. We have determined that our reporting units are one level below
the operating segments. We have the option of performing a qualitative
assessment of goodwill. We may also elect to bypass the qualitative test and
proceed directly to a quantitative test.

We 
 initially perform a
qualitative assessment of goodwill to test for impairment. If, based on our
qualitative review, we conclude that more likely than not a reporting unit’s
fair value is less than its carrying amount, then we complete quantitative
steps as described below to determine if there is goodwill impairment. If we
conclude that a reporting unit’s fair value is not less than its carrying
amount, quantitative tests are not required. 
We assess goodwill for impairment on a reporting
unit level and apply various quantitative valuation methodologies when required
to compare the estimated fair value to the carrying value of each reporting
unit. Valuation methodologies include discounted cash flow and earnings
multiple approaches. If the fair value is less than the carrying amount, an
additional test is required to measure the amount of impairment. We recognize impairment
losses as a charge to noninterest expense (unless related to discontinued
operations) and an adjustment to the carrying value of the goodwill asset.
Subsequent reversals of goodwill impairment are prohibited.

We amortize core deposit and
other customer relationship intangibles on an accelerated basis over useful
lives not exceeding 10 years. We review such intangibles for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying
amounts may not be recoverable. Impairment is indicated if the sum of
undiscounted estimated future net cash flows is less than the carrying value of
the asset. Impairment is permanently recognized by writing down the asset to
the extent that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value. 

Operating
Lease Assets

Operating
lease rental income for leased assets is recognized in other income on a
straight-line basis over the lease term. Related depreciation expense is
recorded on a straight-line basis over the 
estimated useful life,
considering the estimated residual value of the leased asset. The useful life
may be adjusted to the term of the lease depending on our plans for the asset
after the lease term. 
On
a periodic basis, leased assets are reviewed for impairment. Impairment loss is
recognized if the carrying amount of leased assets exceeds fair value and is
not recoverable. The carrying amount of leased assets is not recoverable if it
exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the
lease payments and the estimated residual value upon the eventual disposition
of the equipment. 

Liability for Mortgage Loan Repurchase Losses

We sell residential mortgage loans to various parties,
including (1) government-sponsored entities (GSEs) Federal Home Loan Mortgage
Corporation (FHLMC) and Federal National Mortgage Association (FNMA) who
include the mortgage loans in GSE-guaranteed mortgage securitizations, (2) SPEs
that issue private label MBS, and (3) other financial institutions that
purchase mortgage loans for investment or private label securitization. In
addition, we pool Federal Housing Administration (FHA)-insured and Department
of Veterans Affairs (VA)-guaranteed mortgage loans, which back securities
guaranteed by the Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA).

We may be required to repurchase mortgage
loans, indemnify the securitization trust, investor or insurer, or reimburse
the securitization trust, investor or insurer for credit losses incurred on
loans (collectively “repurchase”) in the event of a breach of specified
contractual representations or warranties that are not remedied within a period
(usually 90 days or less) after we receive notice of the breach. 
Our loan sale contracts to private investors (non-GSE)
typically contain an additional provision where 
we would only be
required to repurchase securitized loans if a breach is deemed to have a
material and adverse effect on the value of the mortgage loan or to the
investors or interests of security holders in the mortgage loan.

We establish a mortgage repurchase
liability, initially at fair value, related to various representations and
warranties that reflect management’s estimate of losses for loans for which we
could have a repurchase obligation, whether or not we currently service those
loans, based on a combination of factors. Such factors include default
expectations, expected investor repurchase demands (influenced by current and
expected mortgage loan file requests and mortgage insurance rescission notices,
as well as estimated levels of origination defects) and appeals success rates
(where the investor rescinds the demand based on a cure of the defect or
acknowledges that the loan satisfies the investor’s applicable representations
and warranties), reimbursement by correspondent and other third party
originators, and projected loss severity. We continually update our mortgage
repurchase liability estimate during the life of the loans. Although activity
can vary by investor, investors may demand repurchase at any time and there is
often a lag from the date of default to the time we receive a repurchase
demand. The majority of repurchase demands are on loans that default in the
first 24 to 36 months following origination of the mortgage loan.

144

The liability
for mortgage loan repurchase losses is included in other liabilities. For
additional information on our repurchase liability, see Note 9. 

Pension
Accounting

We account for our defined benefit pension plans using
an actuarial model. Two principal assumptions

in determining net periodic pension cost are the
discount rate and the expected long term rate of return on plan assets.

A discount rate is used to estimate the
present value of our future pension benefit obligations. We use a consistent
methodology to determine the discount rate based upon the yields on multiple portfolios
of bonds with maturity dates that closely match the estimated timing and
amounts of the expected benefit payments for our plans. Such portfolios are
derived from a broad-based universe of high quality corporate bonds as of the
measurement date.

Our determination of the reasonableness of
our expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is highly quantitative by
nature. We evaluate the current asset allocations and expected returns under
two sets of conditions: projected returns using several forward-looking capital
market assumptions, and historical returns for the main asset classes dating
back to 1970 or the earliest period for which historical data was readily
available for the asset classes included. Using long term historical data
allows us to capture multiple economic environments, which we believe is relevant
when using historical returns. We place greater emphasis on the forward-looking
return and risk assumptions than on historical results. We use the resulting
projections to derive a base line expected rate of return and risk level for
the Cash Balance Plan’s prescribed asset mix. We evaluate the portfolio based
on: (1) the established target asset allocations over short term (one-year) and
longer term (ten-year) investment horizons, and (2) the range of potential
outcomes over these horizons within specific standard deviations. We perform
the above analyses to assess the reasonableness of our expected long-term rate
of return on plan assets. We consider the expected rate of return to be a
long-term average view of expected returns. The use of an expected long term
rate of return on plan assets may cause us to recognize pension income returns
that are greater or less than the actual returns of plan assets in any given
year. Differences between expected and actual returns in each year, if any, are
included in our net actuarial gain or loss amount, which is recognized in OCI.
We generally amortize net actuarial gain or loss in excess of a 5% corridor
from accumulated OCI into net periodic pension cost over the estimated average
remaining participation period,

which
at December 31, 2013, is 16 years. See Note 20 for additional information on
our pension accounting.

Income
Taxes

We
file consolidated and separate company federal income tax returns, foreign tax
returns and various combined and separate company state tax returns.

We evaluate two components of
income tax expense: current and deferred. Current income tax expense represents
our estimated taxes to be paid or refunded for the current period and includes
income tax expense related to our uncertain tax positions. We determine
deferred income taxes using the balance sheet method. Under this method, the
net deferred tax asset or liability is based on the tax effects of the
differences between the book and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and
recognizes enacted changes in tax rates and laws in the period in which they
occur. Deferred income tax expense results from changes in deferred tax assets
and liabilities between periods. Deferred tax assets are recognized subject to
management's judgment that realization is “more likely than not.” Uncertain tax
positions that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold are measured
to determine the amount of benefit to recognize. An uncertain tax position
is measured at the largest amount of benefit that management believes has a
greater than 50% likelihood of realization upon settlement. 
Tax benefits not
meeting our realization criteria represent unrecognized tax benefits. 
Foreign taxes paid are generally
applied as credits to reduce federal income taxes payable. We account for
interest and penalties as a component of income tax expense.

Stock-Based Compensation

We
have stock-based employee compensation plans as more fully discussed in Note
19. 
Our Long-Term Incentive
Compensation Plan provides for awards of incentive and nonqualified stock
options, stock appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted share rights
(RSRs), performance share awards (PSAs) and stock awards without restrictions. For
most awards, we measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for
an award of equity instruments, such as stock options, RSRs or PSAs, based on
the fair value of the award on the grant date. The cost is normally recognized
in our income statement over the vesting period of the award; awards with
graded vesting are expensed on a straight line method. Awards that continue to
vest after retirement are expensed over the shorter of the period of time
between the grant date and the final vesting period or between the grant date
and when a team member becomes retirement eligible; awards to team members who
are retirement eligible at the grant date are subject to immediate expensing
upon grant.

In 2013, certain RSRs and all PSAs granted
include discretionary performance based vesting conditions and are subject to
variable accounting. For these awards, the associated compensation expense
fluctuates with changes in our stock price.

For PSAs, compensation expense also fluctuates based on
the estimated outcome of meeting the performance conditions
. 

Earnings
Per Common Share

We
compute earnings per common share by dividing net income (after deducting
dividends on preferred stock) by the average number of common shares
outstanding during the year. We compute diluted earnings per common share by
dividing net income (after deducting dividends and related accretion on
preferred stock) by the average number of common shares outstanding during the
year, plus the effect of common stock equivalents (for example, stock options,
restricted share rights, convertible debentures and warrants) that are
dilutive.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

We
use fair value measurements in our fair value disclosures and to record certain
assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis, such as trading assets,
or on a nonrecurring basis such as measuring impairment on assets carried at
amortized cost.

Determination of Fair Value

We base our fair
values on the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer
a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the
measurement date. These
fair value measurements are based on exit prices and determined by maximizing
the use of observable inputs. However, for certain instruments we must utilize
unobservable inputs 

145

Note 1: 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

(continued)

in determining fair value due to
the lack of observable inputs in the market, which requires greater judgment in
measuring fair value.

In instances where
there is limited or no observable market data, fair value measurements for
assets and liabilities are based primarily upon our own estimates or
combination of our own estimates and third-party vendor or broker pricing, and
the measurements are often calculated based on current pricing for products we
offer or issue, the economic and competitive environment, the characteristics
of the asset or liability and other such factors. As with any valuation
technique used to estimate fair value, changes in underlying assumptions used,
including discount rates and estimates of future cash flows, could
significantly affect the results of current or future values. Accordingly,
these fair value estimates may not be realized in an actual sale or immediate
settlement of the asset or liability.

We incorporate lack of
liquidity into our fair value measurement based on the type of asset or
liability measured and the valuation methodology used. For example, for certain
residential MHFS and certain securities where the significant inputs have
become unobservable due to illiquid markets and vendor or broker pricing is not
used, we use a discounted cash flow technique to measure fair value. This
technique incorporates forecasting of expected cash flows (adjusted for credit
loss assumptions and estimated prepayment speeds) discounted at an appropriate
market discount rate to reflect the lack of liquidity in the market that a
market participant would consider. For other securities where vendor or broker
pricing is used, we use either unadjusted broker quotes or vendor prices or
vendor or broker prices adjusted by weighting them with internal discounted
cash flow techniques to measure fair value. These unadjusted vendor or broker
prices inherently reflect any lack of liquidity in the market, as the fair
value measurement represents an exit price from a market participant viewpoint.

Where markets are
inactive and transactions are not orderly, transaction or quoted prices for
assets or liabilities in inactive markets may require adjustment due to the
uncertainty of whether the underlying transactions are orderly. For items that
use price quotes in inactive markets, we analyze the degree of market
inactivity and distressed transactions to determine the appropriate adjustment
to the price quotes.

We continually assess
the level and volume of market activity in our investment security classes in
determining adjustments, if any, to price quotes. Given market conditions can
change over time, our determination of which securities markets are considered
active or inactive can change. If we determine a market to be inactive, the
degree to which price quotes require adjustment, can also change. See Note 17
for discussion of the fair value hierarchy and valuation methodologies applied
to financial instruments to determine fair value.

Derivatives
and Hedging Activities

We
recognize all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value. On the date we
enter into a derivative contract, we designate the derivative as (1) a hedge of
the fair value of a recognized asset or liability, including hedges of foreign
currency exposure (“fair value hedge”), (2) a hedge of a forecasted transaction
or of the variability of cash flows to be received or paid related to a
recognized asset or liability (“cash flow hedge”), or (3) held for trading,
customer accommodation or asset/liability risk management purposes, including
economic hedges not qualifying for hedge accounting. For a fair value hedge, we
record changes in the fair value of the derivative and, to the extent that it
is effective, changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability
attributable to the hedged risk, in current period earnings in the same
financial statement category as the hedged item. For a cash flow hedge, we
record changes in the fair value of the derivative to the extent that it is
effective in OCI, with any ineffectiveness recorded in current period earnings.
We subsequently reclassify these changes in fair value to net income in the
same period(s) that the hedged transaction affects net income in the same
financial statement category as the hedged item. For free-standing derivatives,
we report changes in the fair values in current period noninterest income.

For fair value and cash flow
hedges qualifying for hedge accounting, we formally document at inception the
relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items, our risk management
objective, strategy and our evaluation of effectiveness for our hedge
transactions. This includes linking all derivatives designated as fair value or
cash flow hedges to specific assets and liabilities on the balance sheet or to
specific forecasted transactions. Periodically, as required, we also formally
assess whether the derivative we designated in each hedging relationship is
expected to be and has been highly effective in offsetting changes in fair
values or cash flows of the hedged item using the regression analysis method
or, in limited cases, the dollar offset method.

We discontinue hedge accounting
prospectively when (1) a derivative is no longer highly effective in offsetting
changes in the fair value or cash flows of a hedged item, (2) a derivative
expires or is sold, terminated or exercised, (3) we elect to discontinue the
designation of a derivative as a hedge, or (4) in a cash flow hedge, a
derivative is de-designated because it is not probable that a forecasted
transaction will occur.

When we discontinue fair value
hedge accounting, we no longer adjust the previously hedged asset or liability
for changes in fair value, and cumulative adjustments to the hedged item are
accounted for in the same manner as other components of the carrying amount of
the asset or liability. If the derivative continues to be held after fair value
hedge accounting ceases, we carry the derivative on the balance sheet at its
fair value with changes in fair value included in earnings. 

When we discontinue cash flow hedge
accounting and it is not probable that the forecasted transaction will not occur,
the accumulated amount reported in OCI at the de-designation date continues to
be reported in OCI until the forecasted transaction affects earnings. If cash
flow hedge accounting is discontinued and it is probable the forecasted
transaction will not occur, the accumulated amount reported in OCI at the
de-designation date is immediately recognized in earnings. If the derivative
continues to be held after cash flow hedge accounting ceases, we carry the
derivative on the balance sheet at its fair value with future changes in fair
value included in earnings.

We occasionally purchase or
originate financial instruments that contain an embedded derivative. At
inception of the financial instrument, we assess (1) if the economic
characteristics of the embedded derivative are not clearly and closely related
to the economic characteristics of the financial instrument (host contract),
(2) if the financial instrument that embodies both the embedded derivative and
the host contract is not measured at fair value with changes in fair value
reported in earnings, and (3) if a separate instrument with the same terms as
the embedded instrument would meet the definition of a derivative. If the
embedded derivative meets all of these conditions, we separate it from the host
contract by recording the bifurcated derivative at fair value and the remaining
host contract at the difference between 

146

the basis of
the hybrid instrument and the fair value of the bifurcated derivative. The
bifurcated derivative is carried as a free-standing derivative at fair value
with changes recorded in current period earnings.

By using derivatives,
we are exposed to counterparty credit risk,

which is the risk that counterparties to the derivative contracts
do not perform as expected. If a counterparty fails to perform, our
counterparty credit risk is equal to the amount reported as a derivative asset
on our balance sheet. The amounts reported as a derivative asset are derivative
contracts in a gain position, and to the extent subject to legally enforceable
master netting arrangements, net of derivatives in a loss position with the
same counterparty and cash collateral received. We minimize counterparty credit
risk through credit approvals, limits, monitoring procedures, executing master
netting arrangements and obtaining collateral, where appropriate. To the extent
derivatives subject to master netting arrangements meet the applicable
requirements, including determining the legal enforceability of the
arrangement, it is our policy to present derivatives balances and related cash
collateral amounts net on the balance sheet. Counterparty credit risk related
to derivatives is considered in determining fair value and our assessment of
hedge effectiveness.

Private Share
Repurchases 

During 2013 and 2012, we repurchased approximately 40 million
shares and 36 million shares, respectively, under private forward

repurchase contracts. We enter into these

transactions with unrelated third parties to
complement our open-market common stock repurchase strategies, to allow us to
manage our share repurchases in a manner consistent with our capital plans,
currently submitted under the 2013 Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review
(CCAR), and to provide an economic benefit to the Company.

Our payments to the counterparties for these
private share repurchase contracts are recorded in permanent equity in the
quarter paid and are not subject to re-measurement. The classification of the
up-front payments as permanent equity assures that we have appropriate
repurchase timing consistent with our 2013 capital plan, which contemplated a
fixed dollar amount available per quarter for share repurchases pursuant to
Federal Reserve Board (FRB) supervisory guidance. In return, the counterparty
agrees to deliver a variable number of shares based on a per share discount to
the volume-weighted average stock price over the contract period. There are no
scenarios where the contracts would not either physically settle in shares or
allow us to choose the settlement method.

In December 2013, we entered into a private
forward repurchase contract and paid $500 million to an unrelated third party.
This contract is expected to settle in first quarter 2014. At December 31,
2012, we had a $200 million private forward repurchase contract outstanding that
settled in first quarter 2013 for 6 million shares of common stock.

Our total number of outstanding shares of common stock
is not reduced until settlement of the private share repurchase contract.

147

Note 1: 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

(continued)

Supplemental Cash
Flow Information

Noncash
activities are presented below, including information on transfers affecting
MHFS, LHFS, and MSRs.

  Year
 ended December 31, 

 (in millions)

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 Transfers from trading assets to available-for-sale securities

 $

  - 

  - 

  47 

 Transfers from (to) loans to (from) available-for-sale
 securities 

  (77) 

  921 

  2,822 

 Trading assets retained from securitizations of MHFS

  47,198 

  85,108 

  61,599 

 Capitalization of MSRs from sale of MHFS

  3,616 

  4,988 

  4,089 

 Transfers from MHFS to foreclosed assets

  127 

  223 

  224 

 Transfers from loans to MHFS

  7,610 

  7,584 

  6,305 

 Transfers from loans to LHFS

  274 

  143 

  129 

 Transfers from loans to foreclosed assets (1)

  4,470 

  6,114 

  7,594 

 Transfers from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity securities

  6,042 

  - 

  - 

 Transfers from noncontrolling interests to other liabilities

  750 

  - 

  - 

 Changes in consolidations (deconsolidations) of variable
 interest entities:

    Trading assets

  1,950 

  - 

  - 

    Available-for-sale securities

  - 

  (40) 

  7 

    Loans

  (2,268) 

  (245) 

  (599) 

    Long-term debt

  (354) 

  (293) 

  (628) 

 Consolidation of reverse mortgages previously sold:

    Loans

  - 

  - 

  5,483 

    Long-term debt

  - 

  - 

  5,425 

(1)

Includes $2.7 billion,
$3.5 billion and $3.4

billion
in transfers of government insured/guaranteed loans for the years ended December
31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Prior years have been revised to correct
previously reported amounts.

Subsequent Events

We have
evaluated the effects of events that have occurred subsequent to December 31,
2013, and there have been no material events that would require recognition in
our

2013 consolidated financial statements or disclosure in
the Notes to the consolidated financial statements
. 

148

Note
2: 

Business
Combinations

We regularly explore opportunities to
acquire financial services companies and businesses. Generally, we do not make
a public announcement about an acquisition opportunity until a definitive
agreement has been signed. For information on additional contingent consideration
related to acquisitions, which is considered to be a guarantee, see Note 14.

We did not complete any acquisitions of
businesses during 2013. Business combinations completed in 2012 and 2011 are
presented below.

Additionally, we had no pending business
combinations as of December 31, 2013.

 (in millions)

 Date 

 Assets 

 2012 

 EverKey Global Partners Limited / EverKey Global Management LLC
 / 

 EverKey Global Partners (GP), LLC /  EverKey Global Focus (GP),
 LLC – Bahamas/New York, New York

 January
 1 

 $ 

  7 

 Burdale Financial Holdings Limited / Certain Assets of Burdale
 Capital Finance, Inc. – England/Stamford, Connecticut

 February
 1 

  874 

 Energy Lending Business of BNP Paribas, SA – Houston, Texas

 April
 20 

  3,639 

 Merlin Securities, LLC / Merlin Canada LTD. / Certain Assets and
 Liabilities

 of Merlin Group Holdings, LLC – San Francisco,
 California/Toronto, Ontario

 August
 1 

  281 

 $ 

  4,801 

 2011 

 CP Equity, LLC – Denver, Colorado

 July
 1 

 $ 

  389 

 Certain assets of Foreign Currency Exchange Corp – Orlando,
 Florida

 August
 1 

  46 

 LaCrosse Holdings, LLC – Minneapolis, Minnesota

 November
 30 

  116 

 Other (1)

 Various 

  37 

 $ 

  588 

(1)

Consists of seven
acquisitions of insurance brokerage businesses.

149

Note
3: 

Cash, Loan and
Dividend Restrictions

Federal
Reserve Board (FRB) regulations require that each of our subsidiary banks
maintain reserve balances on deposit with the Federal Reserve Banks. The
average required reserve balance was $11.8 billion in 2013 and
$9.1 billion in 2012.

Federal law restricts the amount
and the terms of both credit and non-credit transactions between a bank and its
nonbank affiliates. They may not exceed 10% of the bank's capital and surplus (which
for this purpose represents Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital, as calculated under the
risk-based capital (RBC) guidelines, plus the balance of the allowance for
credit losses excluded from Tier 2 capital) with any single nonbank affiliate
and 20% of the bank's capital and surplus with all its nonbank affiliates.
Transactions that are extensions of credit may require collateral to be held to
provide added security to the bank. For further discussion of RBC, see Note 26
in this Report.

Dividends paid by our subsidiary
banks are subject to various federal and state regulatory limitations.
Dividends that may be paid by a national bank without the express approval of
the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) are limited to that bank's
retained net profits for the preceding two calendar years plus retained net
profits up to the date of any dividend declaration in the current calendar
year. Retained net profits, as defined by the OCC, consist of net income less
dividends declared during the period
. 

We also have a state-chartered
subsidiary bank that is subject to state regulations that limit dividends.
Under these provisions and regulatory limitations, our national and
state-chartered subsidiary banks could have declared additional dividends of
$5.1 billion at December 31, 2013, without obtaining prior regulatory
approval. We have elected to retain capital at our national and state-chartered
subsidiary banks to meet new regulatory requirements associated with the
implementation of Basel III. Our nonbank subsidiaries are also limited by
certain federal and state statutory provisions and regulations covering the
amount of dividends that may be paid in any given year. Based on retained
earnings at December 31, 2013, our nonbank subsidiaries could have declared
additional dividends of $7.7 billion at December 31, 2013, without
obtaining prior approval.

The FRB published clarifying
supervisory guidance in first quarter 2009, SR 09-4 Applying Supervisory
Guidance and Regulations on the Payment of Dividends, Stock Redemptions, and
Stock Repurchases at Bank Holding Companies, pertaining to FRB's criteria,
assessment and approval process for reductions in capital. The FRB supplemented
this guidance with the Capital Plan Rule issued in fourth quarter 2011
(codified at 12 CFR 225.8 of Regulation Y) that establishes capital planning
and prior notice and approval requirements for capital distributions including
dividends by certain bank holding companies. The effect of this guidance is to
require the approval of the FRB (or specifically under the Capital Plan Rule, a
notice of non-objection) for the Company to repurchase or redeem common or
perpetual preferred stock as well as to raise the per share quarterly dividend
from its current level of $0.30 per share as declared by the Company’s Board of
Directors on January 28, 2014, payable on March 1, 2014.

Note 4: 

Federal
Funds Sold, Securities Purchased under Resale Agreements and Other

Short-Term
Investments

The
following table provides the detail of federal funds sold, securities purchased
under short-term resale agreements

(generally
less than one year) and other short-term investments. The majority of
interest-earning deposits at December 31, 2013 and

2012, were held at the Federal
Reserve.

 Dec. 31,

 Dec. 31,

 (in millions)

  2013 

  2012 

 Federal funds sold and securities

 purchased under resale agreements

 $

  25,801 

  33,884 

 Interest-earning deposits

  186,249 

  102,408 

 Other short-term investments

  1,743 

  1,021 

 Total

 $

  213,793 

  137,313 

We have classified

securities
purchased under long-term resale agreements (generally one year or more), which
totaled $10.1 billion and $9.5

billion at December

31, 2013 and

2012,
respectively, in loans. For additional information on the collateral we receive
from other entities under resale agreements and securities borrowings, see the
“Offsetting of Resale and Repurchase Agreements and Securities Borrowing and
Lending Agreements” section of Note 14.

150

Note
5:  Investment Securities

The following table provides the amortized cost
and fair value by major categories of available-for-sale securities, which are carried
at fair value, and held-to-maturity debt securities, which are carried at
amortized cost. The net unrealized gains (losses) for available-for-sale securities

are
reported on an

after‑tax basis
as a component of cumulative OCI. There were no securities classified as held-to-maturity
as of December 31, 2012.

 Gross 

 Gross 

 unrealized 

 unrealized 

 Fair 

 (in millions)

 Cost 

 gains 

 losses 

 value 

 December 31, 2013

 Available-for-sale securities:

 Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies

 $

  6,592 

  17 

  (329) 

  6,280 

 Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions

  42,171 

  1,092 

  (727) 

  42,536 

 Mortgage-backed securities:

 Federal agencies

  119,303 

  1,902 

  (3,614) 

  117,591 

 Residential

  11,060 

  1,433 

  (40) 

  12,453 

 Commercial

  17,689 

  1,173 

  (115) 

  18,747 

 Total mortgage-backed securities

  148,052 

  4,508 

  (3,769) 

  148,791 

 Corporate debt securities

  20,391 

  976 

  (140) 

  21,227 

 Collateralized loan and other debt obligations 

(1) 

  19,610 

  642 

  (93) 

  20,159 

 Other 

(2)  

  9,232 

  426 

  (29) 

  9,629 

 Total debt securities

  246,048 

  7,661 

  (5,087) 

  248,622 

 Marketable equity securities:

 Perpetual preferred securities

  1,703 

  222 

  (60) 

  1,865 

 Other marketable equity securities

  336 

  1,188 

  (4) 

  1,520 

 Total marketable equity securities

  2,039 

  1,410 

  (64) 

  3,385 

 Total available-for-sale securities

  248,087 

  9,071 

  (5,151) 

  252,007 

 Held-to-maturity securities:

 Federal agency mortgage-backed securities

  6,304 

  - 

  (99) 

  6,205 

 Other 

(2)  

  6,042 

  - 

  - 

  6,042 

 Total held-to-maturity securities

  12,346 

  - 

  (99) 

  12,247 

 Total 

(3) 

 $

  260,433 

  9,071 

  (5,250) 

  264,254 

 December 31, 2012

 Available-for-sale securities:

 Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies

 $

  7,099 

  47 

  - 

  7,146 

 Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions

  37,120 

  2,000 

  (444) 

  38,676 

 Mortgage-backed securities:

 Federal agencies

  92,855 

  4,434 

  (4) 

  97,285 

 Residential 

  14,178 

  1,802 

  (49) 

  15,931 

 Commercial

  18,438 

  1,798 

  (268) 

  19,968 

 Total mortgage-backed securities

  125,471 

  8,034 

  (321) 

  133,184 

 Corporate debt securities

  20,120 

  1,282 

  (69) 

  21,333 

 Collateralized loan and other debt obligations (1)

  12,726 

  557 

  (95) 

  13,188 

 Other (2)

  18,410 

  553 

  (76) 

  18,887 

 Total debt securities

  220,946 

  12,473 

  (1,005) 

  232,414 

 Marketable equity securities:

 Perpetual preferred securities

  1,935 

  281 

  (40) 

  2,176 

 Other marketable equity securities

  402 

  216 

  (9) 

  609 

 Total marketable equity securities

  2,337 

  497 

  (49) 

  2,785 

 Total (3)

 $

  223,283 

  12,970 

  (1,054) 

  235,199 

(1)

Includes 

collateralized
debt obligations (CDOs) with a cost basis and fair value of $509

million
and $693

million,
respectively, at December 31, 2013, and $556

million
and $644 million, respectively at December 31, 2012. 

(2)

Included
in the “Other” category of available-for-sale securities are asset-backed
securities collateralized by auto leases or loans and cash reserves with a cost
basis and fair value of $500 million and $513

million,
respectively, at December 31, 2013, and $5.9 billion each at December 31, 2012.

The
remaining balances in the “Other” category of available-for-sale securities primarily
include asset-backed securities collateralized by credit cards, student loans
and home equity loans.

Included in the “Other”
category of held-to-maturity securities are asset-backed securities
collateralized by auto leases or loans

and
cash reserves with a cost basis and fair value of $4.3 billion each at December
31, 2013. Also included in the “Other” category of held-to-maturity securities
are asset-backed securities collateralized by dealer floorplan loans with a
cost basis and fair value of $1.7 billion each at December 31, 2013.

(3)

At
December 31, 2013 and 2012, we held no securities of any single issuer
(excluding the U.S. Treasury and federal agencies) with a book value that
exceeded 10% of stockholders’ equity.

151

Note 5:

Investment Securities 

(continued)

Gross Unrealized Losses and Fair Value

The following table shows the gross unrealized losses
and fair value of securities in the investment securities

portfolio by length of time that individual
securities in each category had been in a continuous loss position. Debt
securities on which we have taken credit-related OTTI write-downs are
categorized as being “less than 12 months” or “12 months or more” in a
continuous loss position based on the point in time that the fair value
declined to below the cost basis and not the period of time since the credit-related
OTTI write-down.

 Less
 than 12 months 

 12
 months or more 

 Total 

 Gross 

 Gross 

 Gross 

 unrealized 

 Fair 

 unrealized 

 Fair 

 unrealized 

 Fair 

 (in millions)

 losses 

 value 

 losses 

 value 

 losses 

 value 

 December 31, 2013

 Available-for-sale securities:

 Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies

 $

  (329) 

  5,786 

  - 

  - 

  (329) 

  5,786 

 Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions

  (399) 

  9,238 

  (328) 

  4,120 

  (727) 

  13,358 

 Mortgage-backed securities:

 Federal agencies

  (3,562) 

  67,045 

  (52) 

  1,132 

  (3,614) 

  68,177 

 Residential

  (18) 

  1,242 

  (22) 

  232 

  (40) 

  1,474 

 Commercial

  (15) 

  2,128 

  (100) 

  2,027 

  (115) 

  4,155 

 Total mortgage-backed securities

  (3,595) 

  70,415 

  (174) 

  3,391 

  (3,769) 

  73,806 

 Corporate debt securities

  (85) 

  2,542 

  (55) 

  428 

  (140) 

  2,970 

 Collateralized loan and other debt obligations

  (55) 

  7,202 

  (38) 

  343 

  (93) 

  7,545 

 Other 

  (11) 

  1,690 

  (18) 

  365 

  (29) 

  2,055 

 Total debt securities

  (4,474) 

  96,873 

  (613) 

  8,647 

  (5,087) 

  105,520 

 Marketable equity securities:

 Perpetual preferred securities

  (28) 

  424 

  (32) 

  308 

  (60) 

  732 

 Other marketable equity securities

  (4) 

  34 

  - 

  - 

  (4) 

  34 

 Total marketable equity securities

  (32) 

  458 

  (32) 

  308 

  (64) 

  766 

 Total available-for-sale securities

  (4,506) 

  97,331 

  (645) 

  8,955 

  (5,151) 

  106,286 

 Held-to-maturity securities:

 Federal agency mortgage-backed securities

  (99) 

  6,153 

  - 

  - 

  (99) 

  6,153 

 Total held-to-maturity securities

  (99) 

  6,153 

  - 

  - 

  (99) 

  6,153 

 Total

 $

  (4,605) 

  103,484 

  (645) 

  8,955 

  (5,250) 

  112,439 

 December 31, 2012

 Available-for-sale securities:

 Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies

 $

  - 

  - 

  - 

  - 

  - 

  - 

 Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions

  (55) 

  2,709 

  (389) 

  4,662 

  (444) 

  7,371 

 Mortgage-backed securities:

 Federal agencies

  (4) 

  2,247 

  - 

  - 

  (4) 

  2,247 

 Residential 

  (4) 

  261 

  (45) 

  1,564 

  (49) 

  1,825 

 Commercial

  (6) 

  491 

  (262) 

  2,564 

  (268) 

  3,055 

 Total mortgage-backed securities

  (14) 

  2,999 

  (307) 

  4,128 

  (321) 

  7,127 

 Corporate debt securities

  (14) 

  1,217 

  (55) 

  305 

  (69) 

  1,522 

 Collateralized loan and other debt obligations

  (2) 

  1,485 

  (93) 

  798 

  (95) 

  2,283 

 Other

  (11) 

  2,153 

  (65) 

  1,010 

  (76) 

  3,163 

 Total debt securities

  (96) 

  10,563 

  (909) 

  10,903 

  (1,005) 

  21,466 

 Marketable equity securities:

 Perpetual preferred securities

  (3) 

  116 

  (37) 

  538 

  (40) 

  654 

 Other marketable equity securities

  (9) 

  48 

  - 

  - 

  (9) 

  48 

 Total marketable equity securities

  (12) 

  164 

  (37) 

  538 

  (49) 

  702 

 Total

 $

  (108) 

  10,727 

  (946) 

  11,441 

  (1,054) 

  22,168 

152

We do
not have the intent to sell any securities included in the previous table. For
debt securities included in the table, we have concluded it is more likely than
not that we will not be required to sell prior to recovery of the amortized
cost basis. We have assessed each security with gross unrealized losses for
credit impairment. For debt securities, we evaluate, where necessary, whether
credit impairment exists by comparing the present value of the expected cash
flows to the securities’ amortized cost basis. For equity securities, we
consider numerous factors in determining whether impairment exists, including
our intent and ability to hold the securities for a period of time sufficient
to recover the cost basis of the securities.

See Note 1 – “Investments” for
the factors that we consider in our analysis of OTTI for debt and equity
securities.

Securities of U.S.
Treasury and federal agencies and federal agency mortgage-backed securities
(MBS)

The
unrealized losses associated with U.S. Treasury and federal agency securities
and federal agency MBS are primarily driven by changes in interest rates and
not due to credit losses given the explicit or implicit guarantees provided by
the U.S. government.

Securities of U.S.
states and political subdivisions

The unrealized losses associated with
securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions are primarily driven by
changes in the relationship between municipal and term funding credit curves
rather than by changes to the credit quality of the underlying securities.
Substantially all of these investments are investment grade. The securities
were generally underwritten in accordance with our own investment standards
prior to the decision to purchase. Some of these securities are guaranteed by a
bond insurer, but we did not rely on this guarantee in making our investment
decision. These investments will continue to be monitored as part of our
ongoing impairment analysis, but are expected to perform, even if the rating
agencies reduce the credit rating of the bond insurers. As a result, we expect
to recover the entire amortized cost basis of these securities.

Residential and
commercial MBS

The unrealized losses associated with private
residential MBS and commercial MBS are primarily driven by changes in projected
collateral losses, credit spreads and interest rates. We assess for credit
impairment by estimating the present value of expected cash flows. The key
assumptions for determining expected cash flows include default rates, loss
severities and/or prepayment rates. We estimate losses to a security by
forecasting the underlying mortgage loans in each transaction. We use
forecasted loan performance to project cash flows to the various tranches in
the structure. We also consider cash flow forecasts and, as applicable,
independent industry analyst reports and forecasts, sector credit ratings, and
other independent market data. Based upon our assessment of the expected credit
losses and the credit enhancement level of the securities, we expect to recover
the entire amortized cost basis of these securities.

Corporate Debt
Securities

The
unrealized losses associated with corporate debt securities are primarily
related to unsecured debt obligations issued by various corporations. We
evaluate the financial performance of each issuer on a quarterly basis to
determine that the issuer can make all contractual principal and interest
payments. Based upon this assessment, we expect to recover the entire amortized
cost basis of these securities.

Collateralized LOAN AND OTHER Debt
Obligations

The
unrealized losses associated with collateralized loan and other debt
obligations relate to securities primarily backed by commercial, residential or
other consumer collateral. The unrealized losses are primarily driven by
changes in projected collateral losses, credit spreads and interest rates. We
assess for credit impairment by estimating the present value of expected cash
flows. The key assumptions for determining expected cash flows include default
rates, loss severities and prepayment rates. We also consider cash flow
forecasts and, as applicable,

independent
industry analyst reports and forecasts, sector credit ratings, and other
independent market data. Based upon our assessment of the expected credit
losses and the credit enhancement level of the securities, we expect to recover
the entire amortized cost basis of these securities.

Other Debt
Securities

The unrealized losses associated with other debt
securities primarily relate to other asset-backed securities. The losses are
primarily driven by changes in projected collateral losses, credit spreads and
interest rates. We assess for credit impairment by estimating the present value
of expected cash flows. The key assumptions for determining expected cash flows
include default rates, loss severities and prepayment rates. Based upon our
assessment of the expected credit losses and the credit enhancement level of
the securities, we expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of these
securities.

Marketable Equity
Securities

Our
marketable equity securities include investments in perpetual preferred
securities, which provide attractive tax-equivalent yields. We evaluated these
hybrid financial instruments with investment-grade ratings for impairment using
an evaluation methodology similar to that used for debt securities. Perpetual
preferred securities are not considered to be other-than-temporarily impaired
if there is no evidence of credit deterioration or investment rating downgrades
of any issuers to below investment grade, and we expect to continue to receive
full contractual payments. We will continue to evaluate the prospects for these
securities for recovery in their market value in accordance with our policy for
estimating OTTI. We have recorded impairment write-downs on perpetual preferred
securities where there was evidence of credit deterioration.

OTHER INVESTMENT SECURITIES

MATTERS 

The
fair values of our investment securities could decline in the future if the
underlying performance of the collateral for the residential and commercial MBS
or other securities deteriorate and our credit enhancement levels do not
provide sufficient protection to our contractual principal and interest. As a
result, there is a risk that significant OTTI may occur in the future.

The following table shows the
gross unrealized losses and fair value of debt and perpetual preferred investment
securities

by those rated investment grade
and those rated less than investment grade, according to their lowest credit
rating by Standard & Poor’s Rating Services (S&P) or Moody’s Investors
Service (Moody’s). Credit ratings express opinions about the credit quality of
a security. Securities rated investment grade, that is those rated BBB- or
higher by 

153

Note 5:

Investment Securities 

(continued)

S&P or Baa3 or higher by Moody’s, are
generally considered by the rating agencies and market participants to be low
credit risk. Conversely, securities rated below investment grade, labeled as
“speculative grade” by the rating agencies, are considered to be distinctively
higher credit risk than investment grade securities. We have also included
securities not rated by S&P or Moody’s in the table below based on the
internal credit grade of the securities (used for credit risk management
purposes) equivalent to the credit rating assigned by major credit agencies. The
unrealized losses and fair value of unrated securities categorized as
investment grade based on internal credit grades were $18 million and $1.9
billion, respectively, at December 31, 2013, and $19 million and $2.0
billion, respectively, at December 31, 2012. If an internal credit
grade was not assigned, we categorized the security as non-investment grade.

 Investment
 grade

 Non-investment
 grade

 Gross 

 Gross 

 unrealized 

 Fair 

 unrealized 

 Fair 

 (in millions)

 losses 

 value 

 losses 

 value 

 December 31, 2013

 Available-for-sale securities:

 Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies

 $

  (329) 

  5,786 

  - 

  - 

 Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions

  (671) 

  12,915 

  (56) 

  443 

 Mortgage-backed securities:

 Federal agencies

  (3,614) 

  68,177 

  - 

  - 

 Residential

  (2) 

  177 

  (38) 

  1,297 

 Commercial

  (46) 

  3,364 

  (69) 

  791 

 Total mortgage-backed securities

  (3,662) 

  71,718 

  (107) 

  2,088 

 Corporate debt securities

  (96) 

  2,343 

  (44) 

  627 

 Collateralized loan and other debt obligations

  (72) 

  7,376 

  (21) 

  169 

 Other

  (19) 

  1,874 

  (10) 

  181 

 Total debt securities

  (4,849) 

  102,012 

  (238) 

  3,508 

 Perpetual preferred securities

  (60) 

  732 

  - 

  - 

 Total available-for-sale securities

  (4,909) 

  102,744 

  (238) 

  3,508 

 Held-to-maturity securities:

 Federal agency mortgage-backed securities

  (99) 

  6,153 

  - 

  - 

 Total held-to-maturity securities

  (99) 

  6,153 

  - 

  - 

 Total

 $ 

  (5,008) 

  108,897 

  (238) 

  3,508 

 December 31, 2012

 Available-for-sale securities:

 Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies

 $

  - 

  - 

  - 

  - 

 Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions

  (378) 

  6,839 

  (66) 

  532 

 Mortgage-backed securities:

 Federal agencies

  (4) 

  2,247 

  - 

  - 

 Residential

  (3) 

  78 

  (46) 

  1,747 

 Commercial

  (31) 

  2,110 

  (237) 

  945 

 Total mortgage-backed securities

  (38) 

  4,435 

  (283) 

  2,692 

 Corporate debt securities

  (19) 

  1,112 

  (50) 

  410 

 Collateralized loan and other debt obligations

  (49) 

  2,065 

  (46) 

  218 

 Other

  (49) 

  3,034 

  (27) 

  129 

 Total debt securities

  (533) 

  17,485 

  (472) 

  3,981 

 Perpetual preferred securities

  (40) 

  654 

  - 

  - 

 Total

 $ 

  (573) 

  18,139 

  (472) 

  3,981 

154

Contractual Maturities

The following table shows the remaining contractual
maturities and contractual weighted-average yields (taxable-equivalent basis) of
debt securities. The remaining contractual principal maturities for MBS do not
consider prepayments. Remaining expected maturities will differ from
contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to prepay
obligations before the underlying mortgages mature.

 Remaining
 contractual maturity 

 After
 one year 

 After
 five years 

 Total

 Within
 one year 

 through
 five years 

 through
 ten years 

 After
 ten years 

 (in millions)

 amount

 Yield 

 Amount 

 Yield 

 Amount 

 Yield 

 Amount 

 Yield 

 Amount 

 Yield 

 December 31, 2013

 Available-for-sale securities (1):

 Securities of U.S. Treasury

 and federal agencies

 $

  6,280 

  1.66 

 % 

 $ 

  86 

  0.54 

 % 

 $ 

  701 

  1.45 

 % 

 $ 

  5,493 

  1.71 

 % 

 $ 

  - 

  - 

 % 

 Securities of U.S. states and 

 political subdivisions

  42,536 

  5.30 

  4,915 

  1.84 

  7,901 

  2.19 

  3,151 

  5.19 

  26,569 

  6.89 

 Mortgage-backed securities:

 Federal agencies

  117,591 

  3.33 

  1 

  7.14 

  398 

  2.71 

  956 

  3.46 

  116,236 

  3.33 

 Residential

  12,453 

  4.31 

  - 

  - 

  - 

  - 

  113 

  5.43 

  12,340 

  4.30 

 Commercial

  18,747 

  5.24 

  - 

  - 

  52 

  3.33 

  59 

  0.96 

  18,636 

  5.26 

 Total mortgage-backed 

 securities

  148,791 

  3.65 

  1 

  7.14 

  450 

  2.78 

  1,128 

  3.52 

  147,212 

  3.66 

 Corporate debt securities

  21,227 

  4.18 

  6,136 

  2.06 

  7,255 

  4.22 

  6,528 

  5.80 

  1,308 

  5.77 

 Collateralized loan and

 other debt obligations

  20,159 

  1.59 

  40 

  0.25 

  1,100 

  0.63 

  7,750 

  1.29 

  11,269 

  1.89 

 Other 

  9,629 

  1.80 

  906 

  2.53 

  2,977 

  1.74 

  1,243 

  1.64 

  4,503 

  1.73 

 Total debt securities

 at fair value

 $

  248,622 

  3.69 

 % 

 $

  12,084 

  1.99 

 % 

 $

  20,384 

  2.75 

 % 

 $

  25,293 

  3.14 

 % 

 $

  190,861 

  3.97 

 % 

 Held-to-maturity securities (1):

 Federal agency mortgage-

 backed securities (2)

 $

  6,205 

  3.90 

 % 

 $

  - 

  - 

 % 

 $

  - 

  - 

 % 

 $

  - 

  - 

 % 

 $

  6,205 

  3.90 

 % 

 Other (3)

  6,042 

  1.89 

  195 

  1.72 

  4,468 

  1.87 

  1,379 

  1.98 

  - 

  - 

 Total held-to-maturity

 securities at fair value

 $

  12,247 

  2.92 

 % 

 $

  195 

  1.72 

 % 

 $

  4,468 

  1.87 

 % 

 $

  1,379 

  1.98 

 % 

 $

  6,205 

  3.90 

 % 

 December 31, 2012

 Available-for-sale securities:

 Securities of U.S. Treasury

 and federal agencies

 $

  7,146 

  1.59 

 % 

 $ 

  376 

  0.43 

 % 

 $ 

  661 

  1.24 

 % 

 $ 

  6,109 

  1.70 

 % 

 $ 

  - 

  - 

 % 

 Securities of U.S. states and 

 political subdivisions

  38,676 

  5.29 

  1,861 

  2.61 

  11,620 

  2.18 

  3,380 

  5.51 

  21,815 

  7.15 

 Mortgage-backed securities:

 Federal agencies

  97,285 

  3.82 

  1 

  5.40 

  106 

  4.87 

  1,144 

  3.41 

  96,034 

  3.83 

 Residential 

  15,931 

  4.38 

  - 

  - 

  - 

  - 

  569 

  2.06 

  15,362 

  4.47 

 Commercial

  19,968 

  5.33 

  - 

  - 

  78 

  3.69 

  101 

  2.84 

  19,789 

  5.35 

 Total mortgage-backed 

 securities

  133,184 

  4.12 

  1 

  5.40 

  184 

  4.37 

  1,814 

  2.95 

  131,185 

  4.13 

 Corporate debt securities

  21,333 

  4.26 

  1,037 

  4.29 

  12,792 

  3.19 

  6,099 

  6.14 

  1,405 

  5.88 

 Collateralized loan and

 other debt obligations

  13,188 

  1.35 

  44 

  0.96 

  1,246 

  0.71 

  7,376 

  1.01 

  4,522 

  2.08 

 Other

  18,887 

  1.85 

  1,715 

  1.14 

  9,589 

  1.75 

  3,274 

  2.11 

  4,309 

  2.14 

 Total debt securities

 at fair value

 $

  232,414 

  3.91 

 % 

 $ 

  5,034 

  2.28 

 % 

 $ 

  36,092 

  2.37 

 % 

 $ 

  28,052 

  3.07 

 % 

 $ 

  163,236 

  4.44 

 % 

 (1)

 Weighted-average yields displayed by maturity bucket are
 weighted based on fair value for available-for-sale securities and amortized
 cost for held-to-maturity securities.

 (2)

 Total amortized cost of federal agency mortgage-backed
 securities was $6.3 billion at December 31, 2013, with a remaining
 contractual maturity of after ten years.

 (3)

 Total amortized cost of other debt securities was $6.0 billion
 at December 31, 2013, with remaining contractual maturities of within one
 year, after one year through five years, and after five years through ten
 years of $0.2 billion, $4.4 billion and $1.4 billion, respectively, at
 December 31, 2013.

155

Note 5:

Investment Securities 

(continued)

Realized Gains and Losses

The following table shows the gross realized gains and
losses on sales and OTTI write-downs related to the investment securities

portfolio, which includes marketable equity
securities, as well as net realized gains and losses on nonmarketable equity investments
(see Note 7 – Other Assets).

 Year
 ended December 31, 

 (in millions)

  2013 

  2012 

  2011 

 Gross realized gains

 $

  492 

  600 

  1,305 

 Gross realized losses

  (24) 

  (73) 

  (70) 

 OTTI write-downs

  (183) 

  (256) 

  (541) 

 Net realized gains from
 investment securities

  285 

  271 

  694 

 Net realized gains from nonmarketable
 equity investments

  1,158 

  1,086 

  842 

 Net realized gains from
 debt securities and equity investments

 $

  1,443 

  1,357 

  1,536 

Other-Than-Temporary
Impairment

The following table shows the detail of total OTTI
write-downs included in earnings for debt securities, marketable equity securities
and nonmarketable equity investments.

  Year
 ended December 31, 

 (in millions)

  2013 

  2012 

  2011 

 OTTI write-downs included in earnings

 Debt securities:

 U.S. states and political subdivisions

 $ 

  2 

  16 

  2 

 Mortgage-backed securities:

 Federal agencies

  1 

  - 

  - 

 Residential 

  72 

  84 

  252 

 Commercial

  53 

  86 

  101 

 Corporate debt securities

  4 

  11 

  3 

 Collateralized loan and other debt obligations

  - 

  1 

  1 

 Other debt securities

  26 

  42 

  64 

 Total debt securities

  158 

  240 

  423 

 Equity securities:

 Marketable equity securities:

 Perpetual preferred securities

  - 

  12 

  96 

 Other marketable equity securities

  25 

  4 

  22 

 Total marketable equity securities

  25 

  16 

  118 

 Total investment securities

  183 

  256 

  541 

 Nonmarketable equity investments

  161 

  160 

  170 

 Total OTTI write-downs included in earnings

 $ 

  344 

  416 

  711 

156

Other-Than-Temporarily
Impaired Debt Securities

The following table shows the detail of OTTI
write-downs on debt securities

included
in earnings and the related changes in OCI for the same securities.

 Year
 ended December 31, 

 (in millions)

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 OTTI on debt securities

 Recorded as part of gross realized losses:

 Credit-related OTTI

 $ 

  107 

  237 

  422 

 Intent-to-sell OTTI

  51 

  3 

  1 

 Total recorded as part of gross realized losses

  158 

  240 

  423 

 Changes to OCI for increase (decrease) in non-credit-related
 OTTI (1):

 U.S. states and political subdivisions

  (2) 

  1 

  (1) 

 Residential mortgage-backed securities

  (27) 

  (178) 

  (171) 

 Commercial mortgage-backed securities

  (90) 

  (88) 

  105 

 Corporate debt securities

  - 

  1 

  2 

 Collateralized loan and other debt obligations

  (1) 

  (1) 

  4 

 Other debt securities

  1 

  28 

  (13) 

 Total changes to OCI for non-credit-related OTTI

  (119) 

  (237) 

  (74) 

 Total OTTI losses recorded on debt securities

 $

  39 

  3 

  349 

(1)

Represents amounts
recorded to OCI for impairment, due to factors other than credit,

on debt securities that
have also had credit-related OTTI write-downs during the

period. Increases
represent initial or subsequent

non-credit-related
OTTI on debt securities.

Decreases
represent partial to full reversal of impairment due to recoveries in the fair
value of securities due to factors other than credit.

The following table presents a
rollforward of the credit loss component recognized in earnings for debt
securities we still own (referred to as “credit-impaired” debt securities). The
credit loss component of the amortized cost represents the difference between
the present value of expected future cash flows discounted using the security’s
current effective interest rate and the amortized cost basis of the security
prior to considering credit losses. OTTI recognized in earnings for
credit-impaired debt securities is presented as additions and is classified
into one of two components based upon whether the current period is the first
time the debt security was credit-impaired (initial credit impairment) or if
the debt security was previously credit-impaired (subsequent credit
impairments). The credit loss component is reduced if we sell, intend to sell
or believe we will be required to sell previously credit-impaired debt
securities. Additionally, the credit loss component is reduced if we receive or
expect to receive cash flows in excess of what we previously expected to receive
over the remaining life of the credit-impaired debt security, the security
matures or is fully written down.

Changes in the credit loss
component of credit-impaired debt securities that were recognized in earnings
and related to securities that we do not intend to sell are presented in the
following table.

 Year
 ended December 31, 

 (in millions)

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 Credit loss component, beginning of year

 $

  1,289 

  1,272 

  1,043 

 Additions:

 Initial credit impairments

  21 

  55 

  87 

 Subsequent credit impairments

  86 

  182 

  335 

 Total additions

  107 

  237 

  422 

 Reductions:

 For securities sold or matured

  (194) 

  (194) 

  (160) 

 For securities derecognized due to changes in consolidation
 status of variable interest entities

  - 

  - 

  (2) 

 For recoveries of previous credit impairments (1)

  (31) 

  (26) 

  (31) 

 Total reductions

  (225) 

  (220) 

  (193) 

 Credit loss component, end of year

 $ 

  1,171 

  1,289 

  1,272 

(1)

Recoveries of previous
credit impairments result from increases in expected cash flows subsequent to
credit loss recognition. Such recoveries are reflected prospectively as
interest yield adjustments using the effective interest method. 

157

Note 5:

Investment Securities 

(continued)

To determine
credit impairment losses for asset-backed securities (e.g., residential MBS,
commercial MBS), we estimate expected

future cash flows of the security by estimating the expected future cash
flows of the underlying collateral and applying those collateral cash flows,
together with any credit enhancements such as subordinated interests owned by
third parties, to the security. The expected future cash flows of the
underlying collateral are determined using the remaining contractual cash flows
adjusted for future expected credit losses (which consider current
delinquencies and nonperforming assets (NPAs), future expected default rates
and collateral value by vintage and geographic region) and prepayments. The
expected cash flows of the security are then discounted at the security’s
current effective interest rate to arrive at a present value amount. Total
credit impairment losses on residential MBS that we do not intend to sell are
shown in the table below. The table also presents a summary of the significant
inputs considered in determining the measurement of the credit loss component
recognized in earnings for residential MBS.

 Year
 ended December 31, 

 ($ in millions)

  2013 

  2012 

 2011 

 Credit impairment losses on residential MBS

 Investment grade

 $ 

  - 

  - 

  5 

 Non-investment grade

  72 

  84 

  247 

 Total credit impairment losses on residential MBS

 $ 

  72 

  84 

  252 

 Significant inputs (non-agency – non-investment grade MBS)

 Expected remaining life of loan loss rate (1):

 Range (2)

 0-20 

 % 

 1-44 

 0-48

 Credit impairment loss rate distribution (3):

 0 - 10% range

  91 

  77 

  42 

 10 - 20% range

  8 

  11 

  18 

 20 - 30% range

  1 

  4 

  28 

 Greater than 30%

  - 

  8 

  12 

 Weighted average loss rate (4)

  6 

  8 

  12 

 Current subordination levels (5):

 Range (2)

 0-41 

 0-57 

 0-25 

 Weighted average (4)

  - 

  2 

  4 

 Prepayment speed (annual CPR (6)):

 Range (2)

 4-27

 5-29

 3-19

 Weighted average (4)

  16 

  15 

  11 

(1)

Represents
future expected credit losses on each pool of loans underlying respective
securities expressed as a percentage of the total current outstanding loan
balance of the pool for each respective security.

(2)

Represents
the range of inputs/assumptions based upon the individual securities within
each category.

(3)

Represents
distribution of credit impairment losses recognized in earnings categorized
based on range of expected remaining life of loan losses. For example 91% of
credit impairment losses recognized in earnings for the year ended December 31,
2013, had expected remaining life of loan loss assumptions of 0 to 10%.

(4)

Calculated
by weighting the relevant input/assumption for each individual security by
current outstanding amortized cost basis of the security.

(5)

Represents
current level of credit protection provided by tranches subordinate to our
security holdings (subordination), expressed as a percentage of total current
underlying loan balance.

(6)

Constant
prepayment rate.

Total credit impairment losses on commercial
MBS that we do not intend to sell were $28

million, $86 million, and $101 million

for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012
and 2011, respectively. Significant inputs considered in determining the credit
impairment losses for commercial MBS are the expected remaining life of loan
loss rates and current subordination levels.

Prepayment activity on commercial MBS does not
significantly impact the determination of their credit impairment because,
unlike residential MBS, commercial MBS experience significantly lower
prepayments due to certain contractual restrictions, impacting the borrower’s
ability to prepay the mortgage.

The
expected remaining life of loan loss rates for commercial MBS with credit
impairment losses ranged from

4%
to 15%, 3% to 18%, and 4% to 18%, while the current subordination level ranges
were 0% to

21%, 0% to 13%, and

3% to 15% for the years ended December 31,
2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.

158

Note
6:  Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses

The
following table presents total loans outstanding by
portfolio segment and class of financing receivable. Outstanding balances
include a total net reduction of $6.4 billion and $7.4 billion at
December 31, 2013 and

December
31, 2012, respectively, for unearned income, net deferred
loan fees, and unamortized discounts and premiums. Outstanding balances also
include PCI loans net of any remaining purchase accounting adjustments.
Information about PCI loans is presented separately in the “Purchased
Credit-Impaired Loans” section of this Note. 

 December
 31,

 (in millions)

  2013 

  2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 Commercial:

 Commercial and industrial

 $

  197,210 

  187,759 

  167,216 

  151,284 

  158,352 

 Real estate mortgage

  107,100 

  106,340 

  105,975 

  99,435 

  97,527 

 Real estate construction

  16,747 

  16,904 

  19,382 

  25,333 

  36,978 

 Lease financing

  12,034 

  12,424 

  13,117 

  13,094 

  14,210 

 Foreign (1)

  47,665 

  37,771 

  39,760 

  32,912 

  29,398 

 Total commercial

  380,756 

  361,198 

  345,450 

  322,058 

  336,465 

 Consumer:

 Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage

  258,497 

  249,900 

  228,894 

  230,235 

  229,536 

 Real estate 1-4 family junior lien mortgage

  65,914 

  75,465 

  85,991 

  96,149 

  103,708 

 Credit card

  26,870 

  24,640 

  22,836 

  22,260 

  24,003 

 Automobile

  50,808 

  45,998 

  43,508 

  43,516 

  42,624 

 Other revolving credit and installment

  42,954 

  42,373 

  42,952 

  43,049 

  46,434 

 Total consumer

  445,043 

  438,376 

  424,181 

  435,209 

  446,305 

 Total loans

 $

  825,799 

  799,574 

  769,631 

  757,267 

  782,770 

(1)

Substantially all of
our foreign loan portfolio is commercial loans. Loans are classified as foreign
primarily based on whether the borrower’s primary address is outside of the
United States.

Loan
Concentrations

Loan
concentrations may exist when there are amounts loaned to borrowers engaged in
similar activities or similar types of loans extended to a diverse group of
borrowers that would cause them to be similarly impacted by economic or other
conditions. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, we did not have concentrations
representing 10% or more of our total loan portfolio in domestic commercial and
industrial loans and lease financing by industry or CRE loans (real estate
mortgage and real estate construction) by state or property type. Our real
estate 1-4 family mortgage loans to borrowers in the state of California
represented approximately 13% of total loans at both December 31, 2013 and 2012,
of which 2% were PCI loans in both years. These California loans are generally
diversified among the larger metropolitan areas in California, with no single
area consisting of more than 3% of total loans. We continuously monitor changes
in real estate values and underlying economic or market conditions for all geographic
areas of our real estate 1-4 family mortgage portfolio as part of our credit
risk management process.

Some of our real estate 1-4
family first and junior lien mortgage loans include an interest-only feature as
part of the loan terms. These interest-only loans were approximately 15%
of total loans at December 31, 2013, and 18% at December 31, 2012.
Substantially all of these interest-only loans at origination were considered
to be prime or near prime. We do not offer option adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM)
products, nor do we offer variable-rate mortgage products with fixed payment
amounts, commonly referred to within the financial services industry as
negative amortizing mortgage loans. We acquired an option payment loan
portfolio (Pick-a-Pay) from Wachovia at December 31, 2008. A majority of the
portfolio was identified as PCI loans. Since the acquisition, we have reduced
our exposure to the option payment portion of the portfolio through our
modification efforts and loss mitigation actions. At December 31, 2013, approximately
3% of total loans remained with the payment option feature compared with 10% at
December 31, 2008.

Our first and junior lien lines
of credit products generally have a draw period of 10 years (with some up to 15
or 20 years) with variable interest rate and payment options during the draw
period of (1) interest only or (2) 1.5% of total outstanding balance plus
accrued interest. During the draw period, the borrower has the option of
converting all or a portion of the line from a variable interest rate to a
fixed rate with terms including interest-only payments for a fixed period
between three to seven years or a fully amortizing payment with a fixed period
between five to 30 years. At the end of the draw period, a line of credit
generally converts to an amortizing payment schedule with repayment terms of up
to 30 years based on the balance at time of conversion. At December 31, 2013,
our lines of credit portfolio had an outstanding balance of $75.7 billion, of
which $3.9 billion, or

5%,
is in its amortization period, another $11.6 billion, or 15%, of our total
outstanding balance, will reach their end of draw period during 2014

through 2015, $22.8

billion, or 30%,

during 2016

through 2018, and $37.4

billion, or

50%, will convert in subsequent
years. This portfolio had unfunded credit commitments of $73.6 billion at
December 31, 2013. The lines that enter their amortization period may
experience higher delinquencies and higher loss rates than the ones in their
draw period. At December 31, 2013, $274 million, or 7%, of outstanding lines of
credit that are in their amortization period were 30 or more days past due,
compared with $1.5

billion,
or 2%, for lines in their draw period. We have considered this increased
inherent risk in our allowance for credit loss estimate. In anticipation of our
borrowers reaching the end of their contractual commitment, we have created a
program to inform, educate and help these borrowers transition from interest-only
to fully-amortizing payments or full repayment. We 

159

Note 6: 

Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses

(continued)

monitor
the performance of the borrowers moving through the program in an effort to
refine our ongoing program strategy.

Loan Purchases, Sales, and Transfers

The
following table summarizes the proceeds paid or received for purchases and
sales of loans and transfers from loans held for investment to mortgages/loans
held for sale at lower of cost or market. This loan activity primarily includes
loans purchased and sales of whole loan or participating interests, whereby we
receive or transfer a portion of a loan after origination. The table excludes
PCI loans and loans recorded at fair value, including loans originated for sale
because their loan activity normally does not impact the allowance for credit
losses.

 Year
 ended December 31, 

  2013 

  2012 

 (in millions)

 Commercial

 Consumer

 Total

 Commercial

 Consumer

 Total

 Purchases (1)

 $

  10,914 

  581 

  11,495 

  12,280 

  167 

  12,447 

 Sales

  (6,740) 

  (514) 

  (7,254) 

  (5,840) 

  (840) 

  (6,680) 

 Transfers to MHFS/LHFS (1)

  (258) 

  (11) 

  (269) 

  (84) 

  (21) 

  (105) 

(1)

The
“Purchases” and “Transfers to MHFS/LHFS" categories exclude activity in
government insured/guaranteed loans. As servicer, we are able to buy delinquent
insured/guaranteed loans out of the Government National Mortgage Association
(GNMA) pools. These loans have different risk characteristics from the rest of
our consumer portfolio, whereby this activity does not impact the allowance for
loan losses in the same manner because the loans are predominantly insured by
the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) or guaranteed by the Department of
Veterans Affairs (VA).

On a net basis, such
purchases net of transfers to MHFS were $8.2

billion
and $9.8

billion
for the year ended

2013 and 2012, respectively.

160

Commitments to
Lend

A commitment to lend
is a legally binding agreement to lend funds to a customer, usually at a stated
interest rate, if funded, and for specific purposes and time periods.

We generally
require a fee to extend such commitments. Certain commitments are subject to
loan agreements with covenants regarding the financial performance of the
customer or borrowing base formulas on an ongoing basis that must be met before
we are required to fund the commitment. We may reduce or cancel consumer
commitments, including home equity lines and credit card lines, in accordance
with the contracts and applicable law.

We
may, as a representative for other lenders, advance funds or provide for the
issuance of letters of credit under syndicated loan or letter of credit
agreements. Any advances are generally repaid in less than a week and would
normally require default of both the customer and another lender to expose us
to loss.  These temporary advance arrangements totaled approximately $87
billion at December 31, 2013.

We
issue commercial letters of credit to assist customers in purchasing goods or
services, typically for international trade. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, we
had $1.2 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively, of outstanding issued
commercial letters of credit.

We
also originate multipurpose lending commitments under which borrowers have the
option to draw on the facility for different purposes in one of several forms,
including a standby letter of credit. See Note 14 for additional information on
standby letters of credit.

When
we make commitments, we are exposed to credit risk. The maximum credit risk for
these commitments will generally be lower than the contractual amount because a
significant portion of these commitments are expected to expire without being
used by the customer. In addition, we manage the potential risk in commitments to
lend by limiting the total amount of commitments, both by individual customer
and in total, by monitoring the size and maturity structure of these commitments

and by applying
the same credit standards

for
these commitments as for all of our credit activities.

For
certain loans and commitments to lend,

we may require collateral or a guarantee, based on
our assessment of a customer’s credit risk. We may require various types of
collateral, including commercial and consumer real estate, autos, other
short-term liquid assets such as accounts receivable or inventory and
long-lived asset, such as equipment and other business assets. Collateral
requirements for each loan or commitment may vary according to the specific
credit underwriting, including terms and structure of loans funded immediately
or under a commitment to fund at a later date.

The contractual amount of our unfunded credit
commitments, including unissued standby and commercial letters of credit, is summarized
by portfolio segment and class of financing receivable in the following table.
The table excludes standby and commercial letters of credit issued under the
terms of our commitments and temporary advance commitments on behalf of other
lenders.

 Dec.
 31, 

 Dec.
 31, 

 (in millions)

  2013 

  2012 

 Commercial:

 Commercial and industrial

 $

  238,962 

  215,626 

 Real estate mortgage

  5,910 

  6,165 

 Real estate construction

  12,593 

  9,109 

 Foreign

  12,216 

  8,423 

 Total commercial

  269,681 

  239,323 

 Consumer:

 Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage

  32,908 

  42,657 

 Real estate 1-4 family

 junior lien mortgage

  47,668 

  50,934 

 Credit card

  78,961 

  70,960 

 Other revolving credit and installment

  24,213 

  19,791 

 Total consumer

  183,750 

  184,342 

 Total unfunded

 credit commitments

 $

  453,431 

  423,665 

161

Note 6: 

Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses

(continued)

Allowance for Credit Losses

The allowance for credit losses consists of the
allowance

for loan losses and the allowance for unfunded credit
commitments.

Changes in the allowance for credit losses
were:

 Year
 ended December 31, 

 (in millions)

  2013 

  2012 

  2011 

  2010 

  2009 

 Balance, beginning of year

 $

  17,477 

  19,668 

  23,463 

  25,031 

  21,711 

 Provision for credit losses

  2,309 

  7,217 

  7,899 

  15,753 

  21,668 

 Interest income on certain impaired loans (1)

  (264) 

  (315) 

  (332) 

  (266) 

  - 

 Loan charge-offs:

 Commercial:

 Commercial and industrial

  (715) 

  (1,306) 

  (1,598) 

  (2,775) 

  (3,365) 

 Real estate mortgage 

  (190) 

  (382) 

  (636) 

  (1,151) 

  (670) 

 Real estate construction

  (28) 

  (191) 

  (351) 

  (1,189) 

  (1,063) 

 Lease financing

  (33) 

  (24) 

  (38) 

  (120) 

  (229) 

 Foreign

  (27) 

  (111) 

  (173) 

  (198) 

  (237) 

 Total commercial 

  (993) 

  (2,014) 

  (2,796) 

  (5,433) 

  (5,564) 

 Consumer:

 Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage

  (1,439) 

  (3,013) 

  (3,883) 

  (4,900) 

  (3,318) 

 Real estate 1-4 family junior lien mortgage

  (1,578) 

  (3,437) 

  (3,763) 

  (4,934) 

  (4,812) 

 Credit card

  (1,022) 

  (1,101) 

  (1,449) 

  (2,396) 

  (2,708) 

 Automobile

  (625) 

  (651) 

  (799) 

  (1,308) 

  (2,063) 

 Other revolving credit and installment

  (753) 

  (757) 

  (925) 

  (1,129) 

  (1,360) 

 Total consumer

  (5,417) 

  (8,959) 

  (10,819) 

  (14,667) 

  (14,261) 

 Total loan charge-offs

  (6,410) 

  (10,973) 

  (13,615) 

  (20,100) 

  (19,825) 

 Loan recoveries:

 Commercial:

 Commercial and industrial

  380 

  461 

  419 

  427 

  254 

 Real estate mortgage 

  227 

  163 

  143 

  68 

  33 

 Real estate construction 

  137 

  124 

  146 

  110 

  16 

 Lease financing

  16 

  19 

  24 

  20 

  20 

 Foreign

  27 

  32 

  45 

  53 

  40 

 Total commercial 

  787 

  799 

  777 

  678 

  363 

 Consumer:

 Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage

  245 

  157 

  405 

  522 

  185 

 Real estate 1-4 family junior lien mortgage

  269 

  259 

  218 

  211 

  174 

 Credit card

  126 

  185 

  251 

  218 

  180 

 Automobile

  321 

  362 

  439 

  499 

  564 

 Other revolving credit and installment 

  153 

  177 

  226 

  219 

  191 

 Total consumer

  1,114 

  1,140 

  1,539 

  1,669 

  1,294 

 Total loan recoveries

  1,901 

  1,939 

  2,316 

  2,347 

  1,657 

 Net loan charge-offs (2)

  (4,509) 

  (9,034) 

  (11,299) 

  (17,753) 

  (18,168) 

 Allowances related to business combinations/other (3)

  (42) 

  (59) 

  (63) 

  698 

  (180) 

 Balance, end of year

 $

  14,971 

  17,477 

  19,668 

  23,463 

  25,031 

 Components:

 Allowance for loan losses

 $

  14,502 

  17,060 

  19,372 

  23,022 

  24,516 

 Allowance for unfunded credit commitments

  469 

  417 

  296 

  441 

  515 

 Allowance for credit losses (4)

 $

  14,971 

  17,477 

  19,668 

  23,463 

  25,031 

 Net loan charge-offs as a percentage of average total loans (2)

  0.56 

 %

  1.17 

  1.49 

  2.30 

  2.21 

 Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans (4)

  1.76 

  2.13 

  2.52 

  3.04 

  3.13 

 Allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total loans (4)

  1.81 

  2.19 

  2.56 

  3.10 

  3.20 

(1)

Certain impaired loans
with an

allowance
calculated by discounting expected cash flows using the loan’s effective
interest rate over the remaining life of the loan recognize reductions in the
allowance as interest income.

(2)

For PCI loans,
charge-offs are only recorded to the extent that losses exceed the purchase
accounting estimates.

(3)

Includes $693 million
for the year ended December 31, 2010, related to the adoption of consolidation
accounting guidance on January 1, 2010.

(4)

The allowance for
credit losses includes $30 million, $117 million, $231 million, $298 million
and $333 million at December 31, 2013,

2012, 

2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively, related
to PCI loans acquired from Wachovia. Loans acquired from Wachovia are included
in total loans net of related purchase accounting net write-downs.

162

The following table summarizes the activity in the
allowance for credit losses by our commercial and consumer portfolio segments.

 Year
 ended December 31, 

  2013 

  2012 

 (in millions)

 Commercial 

 Consumer 

 Total 

 Commercial 

 Consumer 

 Total 

 Balance, beginning of period

 $ 

  5,714 

  11,763 

  17,477 

  6,358 

  13,310 

  19,668 

 Provision for credit losses

  671 

  1,638 

  2,309 

  666 

  6,551 

  7,217 

 Interest income on certain impaired loans 

  (54) 

  (210) 

  (264) 

  (95) 

  (220) 

  (315) 

 Loan charge-offs

  (993) 

  (5,417) 

  (6,410) 

  (2,014) 

  (8,959) 

  (10,973) 

 Loan recoveries

  787 

  1,114 

  1,901 

  799 

  1,140 

  1,939 

 Net loan charge-offs

  (206) 

  (4,303) 

  (4,509) 

  (1,215) 

  (7,819) 

  (9,034) 

 Allowance related to business combinations/other

  (22) 

  (20) 

  (42) 

  - 

  (59) 

  (59) 

 Balance, end of period

 $ 

  6,103 

  8,868 

  14,971 

  5,714 

  11,763 

  17,477 

The
following table disaggregates our allowance for credit losses and recorded
investment in loans by impairment methodology.

 Allowance
 for credit losses 

 Recorded
 investment in loans 

 (in millions)

 Commercial 

 Consumer 

 Total 

 Commercial 

 Consumer 

 Total 

 December 31, 2013

 Collectively evaluated (1)

 $ 

  4,921 

  5,011 

  9,932 

  372,918 

  398,084 

  771,002 

 Individually evaluated (2)

  1,156 

  3,853 

  5,009 

  5,334 

  22,736 

  28,070 

 PCI (3)

  26 

  4 

  30 

  2,504 

  24,223 

  26,727 

 Total

 $ 

  6,103 

  8,868 

  14,971 

  380,756 

  445,043 

  825,799 

 December 31, 2012

 Collectively evaluated (1)

 $ 

  3,951 

  7,524 

  11,475 

  349,035 

  389,559 

  738,594 

 Individually evaluated (2)

  1,675 

  4,210 

  5,885 

  8,186 

  21,826 

  30,012 

 PCI (3)

  88 

  29 

  117 

  3,977 

  26,991 

  30,968 

 Total

 $ 

  5,714 

  11,763 

  17,477 

  361,198 

  438,376 

  799,574 

(1)

Represents loans
collectively evaluated for impairment in accordance with Accounting Standards
Codification (ASC) 450-20,

Loss
Contingencies

(formerly FAS 5), and pursuant to amendments by ASU 2010-20 regarding allowance
for non-impaired loans. 

(2)

Represents loans
individually evaluated for impairment in accordance with ASC 310-10, 
Receivables 

(formerly FAS 114), and pursuant to amendments by ASU 2010-20 regarding
allowance for impaired loans. 

(3)

Represents the
allowance and related loan carrying value determined in accordance with ASC
310-30
, Receivables – Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated
Credit Quality

 (formerly SOP 03-3) and pursuant to amendments by ASU
2010-20 regarding allowance for PCI loans.

Credit Quality

We monitor credit quality by
evaluating various attributes and utilize such information in our evaluation of
the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses.

The following sections provide the
credit quality indicators we most closely monitor.

The credit quality indicators are
generally based on

information as of our financial statement date, with
the exception of updated Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO)
scores and updated loan-to-value (LTV)/combined LTV (CLTV), which are obtained
at least quarterly. Generally, these indicators are updated in the second month
of each quarter, with updates no older than September

30, 2013.

See the “Purchased Credit-Impaired
Loans” section of this Note for credit quality information on our PCI
portfolio.

Commercial Credit Quality Indicators

In addition to
monitoring commercial loan concentration risk, we manage a consistent process
for assessing commercial loan credit quality. Generally, commercial loans are
subject to individual risk assessment using our internal borrower and
collateral quality ratings. Our ratings are aligned to Pass and Criticized
categories. The Criticized category includes Special Mention, Substandard, and
Doubtful categories which are defined by bank regulatory agencies.

The following table provides a breakdown of
outstanding commercial loans by risk category. Of the $12.7 billion in
criticized commercial real estate (CRE) loans at December 31, 2013, $2.7
billion has been placed on nonaccrual status and written down to net realizable
collateral value. CRE loans

have
a high level of

monitoring in place to manage
these assets and mitigate loss exposure.

163

Note 6: 

Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses

(continued)

 Commercial 

 Real 

 Real 

 and 

 estate 

 estate 

 Lease 

 (in millions)

 industrial 

 mortgage 

 construction 

 financing 

 Foreign 

 Total 

 December 31, 2013

 By risk category:

 Pass

 $

  182,072 

  94,992 

  14,594 

  11,577 

  44,208 

  347,443 

 Criticized

  14,923 

  10,972 

  1,720 

  457 

  2,737 

  30,809 

 Total commercial loans (excluding PCI)

  196,995 

  105,964 

  16,314 

  12,034 

  46,945 

  378,252 

 Total commercial PCI loans (carrying value)

  215 

  1,136 

  433 

  - 

  720 

  2,504 

 Total commercial loans 

 $

  197,210 

  107,100 

  16,747 

  12,034 

  47,665 

  380,756 

 December 31, 2012

 By risk category:

 Pass

 $

  169,293 

  87,183 

  12,224 

  11,787 

  35,380 

  315,867 

 Criticized

  18,207 

  17,187 

  3,803 

  637 

  1,520 

  41,354 

 Total commercial loans (excluding PCI)

  187,500 

  104,370 

  16,027 

  12,424 

  36,900 

  357,221 

 Total commercial PCI loans (carrying value)

  259 

  1,970 

  877 

  - 

  871 

  3,977 

 Total commercial loans 

 $

  187,759 

  106,340 

  16,904 

  12,424 

  37,771 

  361,198 

The following table provides
past due information for commercial loans, which we monitor as part of our
credit risk management practices.

 Commercial 

 Real 

 Real 

 and

 estate 

 estate 

 Lease 

 (in millions)

 industrial 

 mortgage 

 construction 

 financing 

 Foreign 

 Total 

 December 31, 2013

 By delinquency status:

 Current-29 DPD and still accruing

 $

  195,908 

  103,139 

  15,698 

  11,972 

  46,898 

  373,615 

 30-89 DPD and still accruing

  338 

  538 

  103 

  33 

  7 

  1,019 

 90+ DPD and still accruing

  11 

  35 

  97 

  - 

  - 

  143 

 Nonaccrual loans

  738 

  2,252 

  416 

  29 

  40 

  3,475 

 Total commercial loans (excluding PCI)

  196,995 

  105,964 

  16,314 

  12,034 

  46,945 

  378,252 

 Total commercial PCI loans (carrying value)

  215 

  1,136 

  433 

  - 

  720 

  2,504 

 Total commercial loans

 $

  197,210 

  107,100 

  16,747 

  12,034 

  47,665 

  380,756 

 December 31, 2012

 By delinquency status:

 Current-29 DPD and still accruing

 $

  185,614 

  100,317 

  14,861 

  12,344 

  36,837 

  349,973 

 30-89 DPD and still accruing

  417 

  503 

  136 

  53 

  12 

  1,121 

 90+ DPD and still accruing

  47 

  228 

  27 

  - 

  1 

  303 

 Nonaccrual loans

  1,422 

  3,322 

  1,003 

  27 

  50 

  5,824 

 Total commercial loans (excluding PCI)

  187,500 

  104,370 

  16,027 

  12,424 

  36,900 

  357,221 

 Total commercial PCI loans (carrying value)

  259 

  1,970 

  877 

  - 

  871 

  3,977 

 Total commercial loans

 $

  187,759 

  106,340 

  16,904 

  12,424 

  37,771 

  361,198 

164

Consumer Credit
Quality Indicators

We have various classes of consumer loans
that present unique risks. Loan delinquency, FICO credit scores and LTV for
loan types are common credit quality indicators that we monitor and utilize in
our evaluation of the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses for
the consumer portfolio segment.

Many of our loss estimation techniques used
for the allowance for credit losses rely on delinquency-based models; therefore,
delinquency is an important indicator of credit quality and the establishment
of our allowance for credit losses. The following table provides the
outstanding balances of our consumer portfolio by delinquency status.

 Real
 estate 

 Real
 estate 

 Other 

 1-4
 family 

 1-4
 family 

 revolving 

 first

 junior
 lien 

 Credit 

 credit
 and 

 (in millions)

 mortgage 

 mortgage 

 card 

 Automobile 

 installment 

 Total 

 December 31, 2013

 By delinquency status:

 Current-29 DPD

 $

  193,361 

  64,194 

  26,203 

  49,699 

  31,866 

  365,323 

 30-59 DPD

  2,784 

  461 

  202 

  852 

  178 

  4,477 

 60-89 DPD

  1,157 

  253 

  144 

  186 

  111 

  1,851 

 90-119 DPD

  587 

  182 

  124 

  66 

  76 

  1,035 

 120-179 DPD

  747 

  216 

  196 

  4 

  20 

  1,183 

 180+ DPD

  5,024 

  485 

  1 

  1 

  7 

  5,518 

 Government insured/guaranteed loans (1)

  30,737 

  - 

  - 

  - 

  10,696 

  41,433 

 Total consumer loans (excluding PCI)

  234,397 

  65,791 

  26,870 

  50,808 

  42,954 

  420,820 

 Total consumer PCI loans (carrying value)

  24,100 

  123 

  - 

  - 

  - 

  24,223 

 Total consumer loans

 $

  258,497 

  65,914 

  26,870 

  50,808 

  42,954 

  445,043 

 December 31, 2012

 By delinquency status:

 Current-29 DPD

 $

  179,870 

  73,256 

  23,976 

  44,973 

  29,546 

  351,621 

 30-59 DPD

  3,295 

  577 

  211 

  798 

  168 

  5,049 

 60-89 DPD

  1,528 

  339 

  143 

  164 

  108 

  2,282 

 90-119 DPD

  853 

  265 

  122 

  57 

  73 

  1,370 

 120-179 DPD

  1,141 

  358 

  187 

  5 

  28 

  1,719 

 180+ DPD

  6,655 

  518 

  1 

  1 

  4 

  7,179 

 Government insured/guaranteed loans (1)

  29,719 

  - 

  - 

  - 

  12,446 

  42,165 

 Total consumer loans (excluding PCI)

  223,061 

  75,313 

  24,640 

  45,998 

  42,373 

  411,385 

 Total consumer PCI loans (carrying value)

  26,839 

  152 

  - 

  - 

  - 

  26,991 

 Total consumer loans

 $

  249,900 

  75,465 

  24,640 

  45,998 

  42,373 

  438,376 

(1)

Represents
loans whose repayments are predominantly insured by the FHA or guaranteed by
the VA and student loans whose repayments are predominantly guaranteed by
agencies on behalf of the U.S. Department of Education under the Federal Family
Education Loan Program (FFELP). Loans insured/guaranteed by the FHA/VA and 90+
DPD totaled $20.8 billion at December 31 2013, compared with $20.2

billion
at December 31, 2012. Student loans 90+ DPD totaled $900 million at December 31,
2013, compared with $1.1 billion at December 31, 2012.

Of the $7.7 billion of consumer loans not
government insured/guaranteed that are 90 days or more past due at December 31,
2013, $902 million was accruing, compared with $10.3 billion past due and $1.1
billion accruing at December 31, 2012.

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage loans
180 days or more past due totaled $5.0 billion, or 2.1% of total first
mortgages (excluding PCI), at December 31, 2013, 
compared
with 
$6.7 
 billion, or 
3.0
%, at

December 31, 2012.

The following table provides a breakdown of
our consumer portfolio by updated FICO. We obtain FICO scores at loan
origination and the scores are updated at least quarterly. The majority of our
portfolio is underwritten with a FICO score of 680 and above. FICO is not
available for certain loan types and may not be obtained if we deem it
unnecessary due to strong collateral and other borrower attributes, primarily
securities-based margin loans of $5.0 billion at December 31, 2013, and $5.4
billion at December 31, 2012. 

165

Note 6: 

Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses

(continued)

 Real
 estate 

 Real
 estate 

 Other 

 1-4
 family 

 1-4
 family 

 revolving 

 first

 junior
 lien 

 Credit 

 credit
 and 

 (in millions)

 mortgage 

 mortgage 

 card 

 Automobile 

 installment 

 Total 

 December 31, 2013

 By updated FICO:

 < 600

 $

  14,128 

  5,047 

  2,404 

  8,400 

  956 

  30,935 

 600-639

  9,030 

  3,247 

  2,175 

  5,925 

  1,015 

  21,392 

 640-679

  14,917 

  5,984 

  4,176 

  8,827 

  2,156 

  36,060 

 680-719

  24,336 

  10,042 

  5,398 

  8,992 

  3,914 

  52,682 

 720-759

  32,991 

  13,575 

  5,530 

  6,546 

  5,263 

  63,905 

 760-799

  72,062 

  19,238 

  4,535 

  6,313 

  6,828 

  108,976 

 800+

  33,311 

  7,705 

  2,408 

  5,397 

  5,127 

  53,948 

 No FICO available

  2,885 

  953 

  244 

  408 

  1,992 

  6,482 

 FICO not required

  - 

  - 

  - 

  - 

  5,007 

  5,007 

 Government insured/guaranteed loans (1)

  30,737 

  - 

  - 

  - 

  10,696 

  41,433 

 Total consumer loans (excluding PCI)

  234,397 

  65,791 

  26,870 

  50,808 

  42,954 

  420,820 

 Total consumer PCI loans (carrying value)

  24,100 

  123 

  - 

  - 

  - 

  24,223 

 Total consumer loans 

 $

  258,497 

  65,914 

  26,870 

  50,808 

  42,954 

  445,043 

 December 31, 2012

 By updated FICO:

 < 600

 $

  17,662 

  6,122 

  2,314 

  7,928 

  1,163 

  35,189 

 600-639

  10,208 

  3,660 

  1,961 

  5,451 

  952 

  22,232 

 640-679

  15,764 

  6,574 

  3,772 

  8,142 

  2,011 

  36,263 

 680-719

  24,725 

  11,361 

  4,990 

  7,949 

  3,691 

  52,716 

 720-759

  31,502 

  15,992 

  5,114 

  5,787 

  4,942 

  63,337 

 760-799

  63,946 

  21,874 

  4,109 

  5,400 

  6,971 

  102,300 

 800+

  26,044 

  8,526 

  2,223 

  4,443 

  1,912 

  43,148 

 No FICO available

  3,491 

  1,204 

  157 

  898 

  2,882 

  8,632 

 FICO not required

  - 

  - 

  - 

  - 

  5,403 

  5,403 

 Government insured/guaranteed loans (1)

  29,719 

  - 

  - 

  - 

  12,446 

  42,165 

 Total consumer loans (excluding PCI)

  223,061 

  75,313 

  24,640 

  45,998 

  42,373 

  411,385 

 Total consumer PCI loans (carrying value)

  26,839 

  152 

  - 

  - 

  - 

  26,991 

 Total consumer loans 

 $

  249,900 

  75,465 

  24,640 

  45,998 

  42,373 

  438,376 

(1)

Represents loans whose
repayments are predominantly insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA and student
loans whose repayments are predominantly guaranteed by agencies on behalf of
the U.S. Department of Education under FFELP.

LTV refers to the ratio comparing the loan’s
unpaid principal balance to the property’s collateral value. CLTV refers to the
combination of first mortgage and junior lien mortgage (including unused line
amounts for credit line products) ratios. LTVs and CLTVs are updated quarterly

using a cascade approach which first uses
values provided by automated valuation models (AVMs) for the property. If an
AVM is not available, then the value is estimated using the original appraised
value adjusted by the change in Home Price Index (HPI) for the property
location. If an HPI is not available, the original appraised value is used.

The HPI value is normally the only method
considered for high value properties, generally with an original value of $1
million or more, as the AVM values have proven less accurate for these