An investment in the Company involves risk, including the possibility that the value of the investment
could fall substantially and that dividends or other distributions on the investment could be reduced or eliminated. We discuss below and elsewhere in this Report, including under “Forward-Looking Statements” and in our 2011 Form 10-K, as
well as in other documents we file with the SEC, risk factors that could adversely affect our financial results and condition and the value of, and return on, an investment in the Company. There may be other factors not discussed below or elsewhere
in this Report or in our 2011 Form 10-K that could adversely affect our financial results and condition. 

RISKS RELATED TO THE ECONOMY,
FINANCIAL MARKETS, INTEREST RATES AND LIQUIDITY 

As one of the largest lenders in the U.S. and a provider of financial products and
services to consumers and businesses across the U.S. and internationally, our financial results have been, and will continue to be, materially affected by general economic conditions, particularly unemployment levels and home prices in the U.S., and
a deterioration in economic conditions or in the financial markets may materially adversely affect our lending and other businesses and our financial results and condition. We generate revenue from the interest and fees we charge on the loans
and other products and services we sell, and a substantial amount of our revenue and earnings comes from the net interest income and fee income that we earn from our consumer and commercial lending and banking businesses, including our mortgage
banking business where we currently are the largest mortgage originator in the U.S. These

businesses have been, and will continue to be, materially affected by the state of the U.S. economy, particularly unemployment levels and home prices. Although the U.S. economy has continued to
gradually improve from the levels of 2008 and early 2009, economic growth has been slow and uneven and the housing market remains weak. In addition, the negative effects and continued uncertainty stemming from the sovereign debt crisis and economic
difficulties in Europe and U. S. fiscal and political matters, including concerns about deficit reduction and U.S. debt ratings, have impacted and may continue to impact the continuing global economic recovery. A prolonged period of slow growth in
the global economy, particularly in the U.S., or any deterioration in general economic conditions and/or the financial markets resulting from the above matters or any other events or factors that may disrupt or dampen the global economic
recovery, could materially adversely affect our financial results and condition. 

The high unemployment rate in the
U.S., together with high levels of unsold housing inventory and distressed property sales and the significant decline in home prices across the U.S., including in many of our large banking markets such as California and Florida, has resulted in
elevated credit costs and nonperforming asset levels, which have adversely affected our credit performance and our financial results and condition. If unemployment levels worsen or if home prices continue to fall we would expect to incur higher than
normal charge-offs and provision expense from increases in our allowance for credit losses. These conditions may adversely affect not only consumer loan performance but also commercial and CRE loans, especially for those business borrowers that rely
on the health of industries that may experience deteriorating economic conditions. The ability of 

97 

Risk Factors
 (continued) 

these and other borrowers to repay their loans may be hurt, causing us, as one of the largest commercial lenders and the largest CRE lender in the U.S., to incur significantly higher credit
losses. In addition, weak or deteriorating economic conditions make it more challenging for us to increase our consumer and commercial loan portfolios by making loans to creditworthy borrowers at attractive yields. Although we have significant
capacity to add loans to our balance sheet and there have been some early signs of increased borrower activity, loan demand, especially consumer loan demand, has been soft resulting in our retaining a much higher amount of lower yielding liquid
assets on our balance sheet. If economic conditions do not continue to improve or if the economy worsens and unemployment rises, which also would likely result in a decrease in consumer and business confidence and spending, the demand for our credit
products, including our mortgages, may fall, reducing our interest and fee income and our earnings. 

A deterioration in
business and economic conditions, which may erode consumer and investor confidence levels, and/or increased volatility of financial markets, also could adversely affect financial results for our fee-based businesses, including our investment
advisory, mutual fund, securities brokerage, wealth management, and investment banking businesses. As a result of the Wachovia merger, a greater percentage of our revenue depends on our fee income from these businesses. We earn fee income from
managing assets for others and providing brokerage and other investment advisory and wealth management services. Because investment management fees are often based on the value of assets under management, a fall in the market prices of those assets
could reduce our fee income. Changes in stock market prices could affect the trading activity of investors, reducing commissions and other fees we earn from our brokerage business. Poor economic conditions and volatile or unstable financial markets
also can negatively affect our debt and equity underwriting and advisory businesses, as well as our trading and venture capital businesses. Extreme market volatility also could cause us to elect to provide capital support to our money market funds,
which would reduce our earnings. Our acquisition of Wachovia expanded our international businesses, particularly our global financial institution and correspondent banking services, and any deterioration in global financial markets and economies,
including as a result of Europe’s sovereign debt crisis or any international political unrest or disturbances, may adversely affect the revenues and earnings of these and other businesses. 

For more information, refer to the “Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management” and “– Credit Risk
Management” sections in this Report. 

Changes in interest rates and financial market values could reduce our net interest income and
earnings, including as a result of recognizing losses or OTTI on the securities that we hold in our portfolio or trade for our customers. Our net interest income is the interest we earn on
 loans, debt securities
 and other assets we
hold less the interest we pay on our deposits, long-term and short-term debt, and other liabilities. Net interest income is a measure of both our net interest margin – the difference between the yield we earn on

our assets and the interest rate we pay for deposits and our other sources of funding – and the amount of earning assets we hold. Changes in either our net interest margin or the amount
or mix of earning assets we hold could affect our net interest income and our earnings. Changes in interest rates can affect our net interest margin. Although the yield we earn on our assets and our funding costs tend to move in the same direction
in response to changes in interest rates, one can rise or fall faster than the other, causing our net interest margin to expand or contract. Our liabilities tend to be shorter in duration than our assets, so they may adjust faster in response to
changes in interest rates. When interest rates rise, our funding costs may rise faster than the yield we earn on our assets, causing our net interest margin to contract until the asset yield increases. 

The amount and type of earning assets we hold can affect our yield and net interest margin. We hold earning assets in the form of loans
and investment securities, among other assets. As noted above, if the economy remains weak or worsens we may see lower demand for loans by creditworthy customers, reducing our net interest income and yield. In addition, our net interest income and
net interest margin can be negatively affected by a prolonged low interest rate environment, which as noted below is currently being experienced as a result of economic conditions and FRB monetary policies, as it may result in us holding lower
yielding loans and securities on our balance sheet, particularly if we are unable to replace the maturing higher yielding assets on our balance sheet, including the loans in our non-strategic and liquidating loan portfolio, with similar higher
yielding assets. Increases in interest rates, however, may negatively affect loan demand and could result in higher credit losses as borrowers may have more difficulty making higher interest payments. As described below, changes in interest rates
also affect our mortgage business, including the value of our MSRs. 

Changes in the slope of the “yield curve”
– or the spread between short-term and long-term interest rates – could also reduce our net interest margin. Normally, the yield curve is upward sloping, meaning short-term rates are lower than long-term rates. Because our liabilities tend
to be shorter in duration than our assets, when the yield curve flattens, as is the case in the current interest rate environment, or even inverts, our net interest margin could decrease as our cost of funds increases relative to the yield we can
earn on our assets. 

The interest we earn on our loans may be tied to U.S.-denominated interest rates such as the federal
funds rate while the interest we pay on our debt may be based on international rates such as LIBOR. If the federal funds rate were to fall without a corresponding decrease in LIBOR, we might earn less on our loans without any offsetting decrease in
our funding costs. This could lower our net interest margin and our net interest income. 

We assess our interest rate risk by
estimating the effect on our earnings under various scenarios that differ based on assumptions about the direction, magnitude and speed of interest rate changes and the slope of the yield curve. We hedge some of that interest rate risk with interest
rate derivatives. We also rely on the “natural hedge” that our mortgage loan originations and servicing rights can provide.

98 

 We may not hedge all of our interest rate risk. There is always the risk that changes in
interest rates could reduce our net interest income and our earnings in material amounts, especially if actual conditions turn out to be materially different than what we assumed. For example, if interest rates rise or fall faster than we assumed or
the slope of the yield curve changes, we may incur significant losses on debt securities we hold as investments. To reduce our interest rate risk, we may rebalance our investment and loan portfolios, refinance our debt and take other strategic
actions. We may incur losses when we take such actions. 

We hold securities in our available-for-sale portfolio, including
U.S. Treasury and federal agency securities and federal agency MBS, securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions, residential and commercial MBS, corporate debt securities, and marketable equity securities, including securities relating to
our venture capital activities. We analyze securities held in our available-for-sale portfolio for OTTI on at least a quarterly basis. The process for determining whether impairment is other than temporary usually requires difficult, subjective
judgments about the future financial performance of the issuer and any collateral underlying the security in order to assess the probability of receiving contractual principal and interest payments on the security. Because of changing economic and
market conditions, as well as credit ratings, affecting issuers and the performance of the underlying collateral, we may be required to recognize OTTI in future periods, thus reducing earnings. Our net income also is exposed to changes in interest
rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates, equity and commodity prices in connection with our trading activities, which are conducted primarily to accommodate our customers in the management of their market price risk, as well as when we take
positions based on market expectations or to benefit from differences between financial instruments and markets. The securities held in these activities are carried at fair value with realized and unrealized gains and losses recorded in noninterest
income. As part of our business to support our customers, we trade public securities and these securities also are subject to market fluctuations with gains and losses recognized in net income when realized and periodically include OTTI charges.
Although we have processes in place to measure and monitor the risks associated with our trading activities, including stress testing and hedging strategies, there can be no assurance that our processes and strategies will be effective in avoiding
losses that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Our venture capital business also is subject
to market risk and can be volatile from quarter to quarter. Certain of our venture capital businesses are carried under the cost or equity method, and others (e.g., principal investments) are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses
reflected in earnings. Our venture capital investments tend to be in technology and other volatile industries so the value of our public and private equity portfolios may fluctuate widely. Earnings from our venture capital investments may be
volatile and hard to predict and may have a significant effect on our earnings from period to period. When, and if, we recognize gains may depend on a number of factors, including general economic and market conditions, the prospects of the
companies in which we invest, when these companies go public, the size of our position relative to the public float, and whether we are subject to any resale restrictions.

 Our venture capital investments could result in significant losses, either OTTI losses
for those investments carried under the cost or equity method or mark-to-market losses for principal investments. Our assessment for OTTI is based on a number of factors, including the then current market value of each investment compared with its
carrying value. If we determine there is OTTI for an investment, we write-down the carrying value of the investment, resulting in a charge to earnings. The amount of this charge could be significant. Further, our principal investing portfolio could
incur significant mark-to-market losses especially if the carrying value of these investments has increased because of higher market prices. 

For more information, refer to the “Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management – Interest Rate Risk”, “– Market Risk – Equity Markets”, and “– Market
Risk – Trading Activities” and the “Balance Sheet Analysis – Securities Available for Sale” sections in this Report and Note 5 (Securities Available for Sale) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

Effective liquidity management, which ensures that we can meet customer loan requests, customer deposit maturities/withdrawals and other cash
commitments efficiently under both normal operating conditions and other unpredictable circumstances of industry or financial market stress, is essential for the operation of our business, and our financial results and condition could be materially
adversely affected if we do not effectively manage our liquidity. Our liquidity is essential for the operation of our business. We primarily rely on bank deposits to be a low cost and stable source of funding for the loans we make and the
operation of our business. Core customer deposits, which include noninterest-bearing deposits, interest-bearing checking, savings certificates, certain market rate and other savings, and certain foreign deposits, have historically provided us with a
sizeable source of relatively stable and low-cost funds. In addition to customer deposits, our sources of liquidity include investments in our securities portfolio, our ability to sell or securitize loans in secondary markets and to pledge loans to
access secured borrowing facilities through the FHLB and the FRB, and our ability to raise funds in domestic and international money and capital markets. 

Our liquidity and our ability to fund and run our business could be materially adversely affected by a variety of conditions and factors, including financial and credit market disruption and volatility or
a lack of market or customer confidence in financial markets in general similar to what occurred during the financial crisis in 2008 and early 2009, which may result in a loss of customer deposits or outflows of cash or collateral and/or our
inability to access capital markets on favorable terms. Market disruption and volatility could impact our credit spreads, which are the amount in excess of the interest rate of U.S. Treasury securities, or other benchmark securities, of the same
maturity that we need to pay to our funding providers. Increases in interest rates and our credit spreads could significantly increase our funding costs. Other conditions and factors that could materially adversely affect our liquidity and funding
include a lack of market or customer confidence in the Company or negative news about the Company or the financial services

99 

Risk Factors
 (continued) 

 industry generally which also may result in a loss of deposits and/or negatively affect our ability to
access the capital markets; our inability to sell or securitize loans or other assets, and, as described below, reductions in one or more of our credit ratings. Many of the above conditions and factors may be caused by events over which we have
little or no control. While market conditions have improved since the financial crisis, there can be no assurance that significant disruption and volatility in the financial markets will not occur in the future. For example, in the summer of 2011
concerns regarding the potential failure to raise the U.S. government debt limit and the eventual downgrade of U.S. government debt ratings caused uncertainty and volatility in financial markets. Although the U.S. debt limit was increased, a failure
to raise the U.S. debt limit in the future and/or additional downgrades of the sovereign debt ratings of the U.S. government or the debt ratings of related institutions, agencies or instrumentalities, as well as other fiscal or political events
could, in addition to causing economic and financial market disruptions, materially adversely affect the market value of the U.S. government securities that we hold, the availability of those securities as collateral for borrowing, and our ability
to access capital markets on favorable terms, as well as have other material adverse effects on the operation of our business and our financial results and condition. 

As noted above, we rely heavily on bank deposits for our funding and liquidity. We compete with banks and other financial services companies for deposits. If our competitors raise the rates they pay on
deposits our funding costs may increase, either because we raise our rates to avoid losing deposits or because we lose deposits and must rely on more expensive sources of funding. Higher funding costs reduce our net interest margin and net interest
income. Checking and savings account balances and other forms of customer deposits may decrease when customers perceive alternative investments, such as the stock market, as providing a better risk/return tradeoff. When customers move money out of
bank deposits and into other investments, we may lose a relatively low cost source of funds, increasing our funding costs and negatively affecting our liquidity. 

If we are unable to continue to fund our assets through customer bank deposits or access capital markets on favorable terms or if we suffer an increase in our borrowing costs or otherwise fail to manage
our liquidity effectively, our liquidity, net interest margin, financial results and condition may be materially adversely affected. As we did during the financial crisis, we may also need to raise additional capital through the issuance of common
stock, which could dilute the ownership of existing stockholders, or reduce or even eliminate our common stock dividend to preserve capital or in order to raise additional capital. 

For more information, refer to the “Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management” section in this Report. 

Adverse changes in our credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, cash flows, financial results and condition. Our
borrowing costs and ability to obtain funding are influenced by our credit ratings. Reductions in one or more of our credit ratings could adversely

affect our ability to borrow funds and raise the costs of our borrowings substantially and could cause creditors and business counterparties to raise collateral requirements or take other actions
that could adversely affect our ability to raise capital. Credit ratings and credit ratings agencies’ outlooks are based on the ratings agencies’ analysis of many quantitative and qualitative factors, such as our capital adequacy, the
level and quality of our earnings, rating agency assumptions regarding the probability and extent of federal financial assistance or support, and other rating agency specific criteria. In addition to credit ratings, our borrowing costs are affected
by various other external factors, including market volatility and concerns or perceptions about the financial services industry generally. 

On September 21, 2011, Moody’s downgraded the long-term senior debt ratings of the Parent and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. one notch to A2 and Aa3, respectively, based on its determination that, as a
result of the Dodd-Frank Act, the U.S. government is less likely to support systemically important financial institutions, if needed, than during the financial crisis. The short-term debt ratings of the Parent and Wells Fargo Bank were affirmed at
Prime-1. Moody’s also indicated that its outlook on the Parent’s and Wells Fargo Bank’s long-term senior debt ratings is negative based on the possibility that Moody’s may further reduce its assumptions about the likelihood of
systemic support for systemically important financial institutions. On November 29, 2011, S&P lowered the long-term senior debt ratings of the Parent and Wells Fargo Bank one notch to A+ and AA-, respectively, following changes in
S&P’s ratings criteria for the global banking industry. S&P also reduced the Parent’s short-term debt rating one notch to A-1, affirmed Wells Fargo Bank’s short-term debt rating at A-1+, and maintained a negative outlook on
the Parent’s long-term debt reflecting the outlook on the U.S. sovereign rating in light of the amount of U.S. government support incorporated into our ratings. On July 15, 2011, Fitch Ratings affirmed both the Parent’s and Wells
Fargo Bank’s long-term senior debt ratings and short-term debt ratings at AA- and F1+, respectively, and maintained a stable watch on those ratings. On March 29, 2011, DBRS confirmed both the Parent’s and Wells Fargo Bank’s
long-term senior and short-term debt ratings, including the stable trend. There can be no assurance that we will maintain our current credit ratings. 

Although the availability and cost of funding are influenced by credit ratings, to date the Moody’s and S&P ratings downgrades described above have not adversely affected our ability to access
the capital markets or fund our operations. While to date we do not believe there has been any meaningful change in our borrowing costs specifically relating to the ratings downgrades described above, there can be no assurance that more severe
credit ratings downgrades in the future would not materially affect our ability to borrow funds and borrowing costs. 

Downgrades in our credit ratings also may trigger additional collateral or funding obligations which could negatively affect our
liquidity, including as a result of credit-related contingent features in certain of our derivative contracts. The Moody’s and S&P ratings downgrades described above have not triggered, and additional one and two notch downgrades in those
credit ratings would not be expected to trigger, a material increase in our collateral or funding obligations. However, in the event of a more

100 

severe credit rating downgrade of our long-term and short-term credit ratings, the increase in our collateral or funding obligations and the effect on our liquidity could be material. For
information regarding additional collateral and funding obligations required of certain derivative instruments in the event our credit ratings were to fall below investment grade, see Note 16 (Derivatives) to Financial Statements in this Report.

We rely on dividends from our subsidiaries for liquidity, and federal and state law can limit those dividends. Wells Fargo &
Company, the parent holding company, is a separate and distinct legal entity from its subsidiaries. It receives a significant portion of its funding and liquidity from dividends and other distributions from its subsidiaries. We generally use these
dividends and distributions, among other things, to pay dividends on our common and preferred stock and interest and principal on our debt. Federal and state laws limit the amount of dividends and distributions that our bank and some of our nonbank
subsidiaries, including our broker-dealer subsidiaries, may pay to our parent holding company. Also, our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary’s liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the
subsidiary’s creditors. 

For more information, refer to the “Regulation and Supervision – Dividend
Restrictions” and “– Holding Company Structure” sections in our 2011 Form 10-K and to Note 3 (Cash, Loan and Dividend Restrictions) and Note 26 (Regulatory and Agency Capital Requirements) to Financial Statements in this Report.

RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL REGULATORY REFORM AND OTHER LEGISLATION AND REGULATIONS 

Enacted legislation and regulation, including the Dodd-Frank Act, as well as future legislation and/or regulation, could require us to change certain
of our business practices, reduce our revenue and earnings, impose additional costs on us or otherwise adversely affect our business operations and/or competitive position. Our parent company, our subsidiary banks and many of our nonbank
subsidiaries such as those related to our retail brokerage and mutual fund businesses, are subject to significant regulation under state and federal laws in the U.S., as well as the applicable laws of the various jurisdictions outside of the U.S.
where we conduct business. These regulations protect depositors, federal deposit insurance funds, consumers, investors and the banking and financial system as a whole, not necessarily our stockholders. Economic, market and political conditions
during the past few years have led to a significant amount of new legislation and regulation in the U.S. and abroad. These laws and regulations may affect the manner in which we do business and the products and services that we provide, affect or
restrict our ability to compete in our current businesses or our ability to enter into or acquire new businesses, reduce or limit our revenue in businesses or impose additional fees, assessments or taxes on us, intensify the regulatory supervision
of us and the financial services industry, and

adversely affect our business operations or have other negative consequences. 

For example, in 2009 several legislative and regulatory initiatives were adopted that affected revenue in 2011 and will continue to affect our businesses and financial results, including FRB amendments to
Regulation E, which affect the way we may charge overdraft fees, and the enactment of the Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009 (the Card Act), which affects our ability to change interest rates and assess certain fees
on card accounts. We also implemented policy changes to help customers limit overdraft and returned item fees. The continuing impact of these laws and regulations on our future revenue could vary materially due to a variety of factors, including
changes in customer behavior, economic conditions and other potential offsetting factors. 

On July 21, 2010, the
Dodd-Frank Act, the most significant financial reform legislation since the 1930s, became law. The Dodd-Frank Act, among other things, (i) established the Financial Stability Oversight Council to monitor systemic risk posed by financial firms
and imposes additional and enhanced FRB regulations, including capital and liquidity requirements, on certain large, interconnected bank holding companies such as Wells Fargo and systemically significant nonbanking firms intended to promote
financial stability; (ii) creates a liquidation framework for the resolution of covered financial companies, the costs of which would be paid through assessments on surviving covered financial companies; (iii) makes significant changes to
the structure of bank and bank holding company regulation and activities in a variety of areas, including prohibiting proprietary trading and private fund investment activities, subject to certain exceptions; (iv) creates a new framework for
the regulation of over-the-counter derivatives and new regulations for the securitization market and strengthens the regulatory oversight of securities and capital markets by the SEC; (v) established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
(CFPB) within the FRB, which has sweeping powers to administer and enforce a new federal regulatory framework of consumer financial regulation; (vi) may limit the existing pre-emption of state laws with respect to the application of such laws
to national banks, makes federal pre-emption no longer applicable to operating subsidiaries of national banks, and gives state authorities, under certain circumstances, the ability to enforce state laws and federal consumer regulations against
national banks; (vii) provides for increased regulation of residential mortgage activities; (viii) revised the FDIC’s assessment base for deposit insurance by changing from an assessment base defined by deposit liabilities to a
risk-based system based on total assets; (ix) phases out over three years beginning January 2013 the Tier 1 capital treatment of trust preferred securities; (x) permitted banks to pay interest on business checking accounts beginning on
July 1, 2011; (xi) authorized the FRB under the Durbin Amendment to adopt regulations that limit debit card interchange fees received by debit card issuers; and (xii) includes several corporate governance and executive compensation
provisions and requirements, including mandating an advisory stockholder vote on executive compensation. 

101 

Risk Factors (continued) 

 The Dodd-Frank Act and many of its provisions became effective in July 2010 and July
2011. However, a number of its provisions still require extensive rulemaking, guidance, and interpretation by regulatory authorities. Accordingly, in many respects the ultimate impact of the Dodd-Frank Act and its effects on the U.S. financial
system and the Company still remain uncertain. Nevertheless, the Dodd-Frank Act, including current and future rules implementing its provisions and the interpretation of those rules, could result in a loss of revenue, require us to change certain of
our business practices, limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities, increase our capital requirements and impose additional assessments and costs on us and otherwise adversely affect our business operations and have other negative
consequences. For example, as a result of the FRB’s new rules limiting debit card interchange fees, our fourth quarter 2011 debit card interchange fees were reduced by $365 million (pre-tax). Although we expect to recapture a portion of our
lost income over time through volume and product changes, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts to mitigate the negative impact to our financial results from the Durbin Amendment. 

In addition, our consumer businesses, including our mortgage, credit card and other consumer lending and non-lending businesses, may be
negatively affected by the activities of the CFPB, which has broad rulemaking powers and supervisory authority over consumer financial products and services. Although the full impact of the CFPB on our businesses is uncertain, the CFPB’s
activities may increase our compliance costs and require changes in our business practices as a result of new regulations and requirements which could limit or negatively affect the products and services that we currently offer our customers. As a
result of greater regulatory scrutiny of our consumer businesses, we also may become subject to more or expanded regulatory examinations and/or investigations, which also could result in increased costs and harm to our reputation in the event of a
failure to comply with the increased regulatory requirements. 

The Dodd-Frank Act’s proposed prohibitions or limitations
on proprietary trading and private fund investment activities, known as the “Volcker Rule,” also may reduce our revenue and earnings, although proprietary trading has not been significant to our financial results. The Volcker Rule is
subject to final rulemaking and interpretation, and the ultimate impact of the Volcker Rule on our investment activities, including our venture capital business, is uncertain. 

Other future regulatory initiatives that could significantly affect our business include proposals to reform the housing finance market
in the United States. These proposals, among other things, consider winding down the GSEs and reducing or eliminating over time the role of the GSEs in guaranteeing mortgages and providing funding for mortgage loans, as well as the implementation of
reforms relating to borrowers, lenders, and investors in the mortgage market, including reducing the maximum size of a loan that the GSEs can guarantee, phasing in a minimum down payment requirement for borrowers, improving underwriting standards,
and increasing accountability and transparency in the securitization process. As recently proposed by the Obama administration, Congress also may consider the adoption of legislation to reform the mortgage

financing market in an effort to assist borrowers experiencing difficulty in making mortgage payments or refinancing their mortgages. The extent and timing of any regulatory reform or the
adoption of any legislation regarding the GSEs and/or the home mortgage market, as well as any effect on the Company’s business and financial results, are uncertain. 

Any other future legislation and/or regulation, if adopted, also could significantly change our regulatory environment and increase our cost of doing business, limit the activities we may pursue or affect
the competitive balance among banks, savings associations, credit unions, and other financial services companies, and have a material adverse effect on our financial results and condition. 

For more information, refer to the “Regulatory Reform” section in this Report and the “Regulation and Supervision”
section in our 2011 Form 10-K. 

Bank regulations, including Basel capital standards and FRB guidelines and rules, may require higher
capital and liquidity levels, limiting our ability to pay common stock dividends, repurchase our common stock, invest in our business or provide loans to our customers. Federal banking regulators continually monitor the capital position of banks
and bank holding companies. In December 2010, the Basel Committee on Bank Supervision finalized a set of international guidelines for determining regulatory capital known as Basel III. These guidelines are designed to address many of the weaknesses
identified in the banking sector as contributing to the financial crisis of 2008 and 2009 by, among other things, increasing minimum capital requirements, increasing the quality of capital, increasing the risk coverage of the capital framework, and
increasing standards for the supervisory review process and public disclosure. When fully phased in, the Basel III guidelines require bank holding companies to maintain a minimum ratio of Tier 1 common equity to risk-weighted assets of at least
7.0%. The Basel Committee also proposed certain liquidity coverage and funding ratios. In June 2011, the Basel Committee proposed additional Tier 1 common equity surcharge requirements for global systemically important banks ranging from 1.0% to
3.5% depending on the bank’s systemic importance to be determined based on certain factors. This new capital surcharge, which would be phased in beginning in January 2016 and become fully effective on January 1, 2019, would be in addition
to the Basel III 7.0% Tier 1 common equity requirement proposed in December 2010. The Company has been identified as one of the initial 29 global systemically important banks that would be subject to the surcharge, but the surcharge amount has not
yet been determined. The U.S. regulatory bodies are reviewing the final international standards, and the ultimate impact of the Basel III standards on our capital and liquidity will depend on such final rulemaking and regulatory interpretations of
the rules as we, along with our regulatory authorities, apply the final rules during the implementation process. 

As part of
its obligation to impose enhanced capital and risk-management standards on large financial firms pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the FRB issued a final capital plan rule that became effective December 30, 2011. The final capital plan rule

102 

 requires top-tier U.S. bank holding companies, including the Company, to submit annual capital plans for
review and to obtain regulatory approval before making capital distributions. There can be no assurance that the FRB would respond favorably to the Company’s future capital plans. The FRB also recently proposed rules under the Dodd-Frank Act
that will impose enhanced prudential standards on large bank holding companies such as the Company, including enhanced capital, stress testing, and liquidity requirements. 

The Basel standards and FRB regulatory capital and liquidity requirements may limit or otherwise restrict how we utilize our capital, including common stock dividends and stock repurchases, and may
require us to increase our capital and/or liquidity. Any requirement that we increase our regulatory capital, regulatory capital ratios or liquidity could require us to liquidate assets or otherwise change our business and/or investment plans, which
may negatively affect our financial results. Although not currently anticipated, the proposed Basel capital requirements and/or our regulators may require us to raise additional capital in the future. Issuing additional common stock may dilute the
ownership of existing stockholders. 

For more information, refer to the “Capital Management” and “Regulatory
Reform” sections in this Report and the “Regulation and Supervision” section of our 2011 Form 10-K. 

FRB policies, including
policies on interest rates, can significantly affect business and economic conditions and our financial results and condition. The FRB regulates the supply of money in the United States. Its policies determine in large part our cost of funds for
lending and investing and the return we earn on those loans and investments, both of which affect our net interest income and net interest margin. The FRB’s interest rate policies also can materially affect the value of financial instruments we
hold, such as debt securities and MSRs. In addition, its policies can affect our borrowers, potentially increasing the risk that they may fail to repay their loans. Changes in FRB policies are beyond our control and can be hard to predict. As a
result of the FRB’s concerns regarding, among other things, continued slow economic growth and a weak housing market, the FRB recently indicated that it intends to keep the target range for the federal funds rate near zero at least through late
2014. The FRB also may increase its purchases of U.S. government and mortgage-backed securities or take other actions in an effort to reduce or maintain low long-term interest rates. As noted above, a declining or low interest rate environment and a
flattening yield curve which may result from the FRB’s actions could negatively affect our net interest income and net interest margin as it may result in us holding lower yielding loans and investment securities on our balance sheet.

RISKS RELATED TO CREDIT AND OUR MORTGAGE BUSINESS 

As one of the largest lenders in the U.S., increased credit risk, including as a result of a deterioration in economic conditions, could require us to increase our provision for 
credit losses
and allowance for credit losses and could have a material adverse effect on our

results of operations and financial condition. When we loan money or commit to loan money we incur credit risk, or the risk of losses if our borrowers do not repay their loans. As one of
the largest lenders in the U.S., the credit performance of our loan portfolios significantly affects our financial results and condition. As noted above, if the current economic environment were to deteriorate, more of our customers may have
difficulty in repaying their loans or other obligations which could result in a higher level of credit losses and provision for credit losses. We reserve for credit losses by establishing an allowance through a charge to earnings. The amount of this
allowance is based on our assessment of credit losses inherent in our loan portfolio (including unfunded credit commitments). The process for determining the amount of the allowance is critical to our financial results and condition. It requires
difficult, subjective and complex judgments about the future, including forecasts of economic or market conditions that might impair the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans. We might increase the allowance because of changing economic
conditions, including falling home prices and higher unemployment, or other factors. For example, changes in borrower behavior or the regulatory environment also could influence recognition of credit losses in the portfolio and our allowance for
credit losses. 

Reflecting the continued improved credit performance in our loan portfolios, our provision expense was $3.4
billion and $2.0 billion less than net charge-offs in 2011 and 2010, respectively, which had a positive effect on our earnings. Absent significant deterioration in the economy, we expect future allowance releases in 2012, although at more modest
levels. While we believe that our allowance for credit losses was appropriate at December 31, 2011, there is no assurance that it will be sufficient to cover future credit losses, especially if housing and employment conditions worsen. In the
event of significant deterioration in economic conditions, we may be required to build reserves in future periods, which would reduce our earnings. 

For more information, refer to the “Risk Management – Credit Risk Management” and “Critical Accounting Policies – Allowance for Credit Losses” sections in this Report.

We may have more credit risk and higher credit losses to the extent our loans are concentrated by loan type, industry segment, borrower
type, or location of the borrower or collateral. Our credit risk and credit losses can increase if our loans are concentrated to borrowers engaged in the same or similar activities or to borrowers who as a group may be uniquely or
disproportionately affected by economic or market conditions. We experienced the effect of concentration risk in 2009 and 2010 when we incurred greater than expected losses in our home equity loan portfolio due to a housing slowdown and greater than
expected deterioration in residential real estate values in many markets, including the Central Valley California market and several Southern California metropolitan statistical areas. As California is our largest banking state in terms of loans and
deposits, continued deterioration in real estate values and underlying economic conditions in those markets or elsewhere in California could result in materially higher credit losses. As a result of the Wachovia merger, we have

103 

Risk Factors 
(continued) 

 increased our exposure to California, as well as to Arizona and Florida, two states that have also suffered
significant declines in home values, as well as significant declines in economic activity. Deterioration in economic conditions, housing conditions and real estate values in these states and generally across the country could result in materially
higher credit losses, including for our home equity portfolio. 

The Wachovia merger also increased our CRE exposure,
particularly in California and Florida, and we are currently the largest CRE lender in the U.S. A deterioration in economic conditions that negatively affects the business performance of our CRE borrowers, including increases in interest rates
and/or declines in commercial property values, could result in materially higher credit losses and have a material adverse effect on our financial results and condition. 

The European debt crisis, which has resulted in deteriorating economic conditions in Europe and ratings agency downgrades of the sovereign debt ratings of several European countries, has increased foreign
credit risk. Although our foreign loan exposure represented only approximately 5% of our total consolidated outstanding loans and 3% of our total assets at December 31, 2011, continued European economic difficulties could indirectly have a
material adverse effect on our credit performance and results of operations and financial condition to the extent it negatively affects the U.S. economy and/or our borrowers who have foreign operations. 

For more information, refer to the “Risk Management – Credit Risk Management” section and Note 6 (Loans and Allowance for
Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

We may incur losses on loans, securities and other acquired assets of Wachovia that
are materially greater than reflected in our fair value adjustments. We accounted for the Wachovia merger under the purchase method of accounting, recording the acquired assets and liabilities of Wachovia at fair value. All PCI loans acquired in
the merger were recorded at fair value based on the present value of their expected cash flows. We estimated cash flows using internal credit, interest rate and prepayment risk models using assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. We
may not realize the estimated cash flows or fair value of these loans. In addition, although the difference between the pre-merger carrying value of the credit-impaired loans and their expected cash flows – the “nonaccretable
difference” – is available to absorb future charge-offs, we may be required to increase our allowance for credit losses and related provision expense because of subsequent additional credit deterioration in these loans. 

For more information, refer to the “Critical Accounting Policies – Purchased Credit-Impaired (PCI) Loans” and “Risk
Management – Credit Risk Management” sections in this Report. 

Our mortgage banking revenue can be volatile from quarter to
quarter, including as a result of changes in interest rates and the value of our MSRs and MHFS, and we rely on the GSEs to purchase our conforming loans to reduce our credit risk and provide liquidity to

fund new mortgage loans. We were the largest mortgage originator and residential mortgage servicer in the U.S. as of December 31, 2011, and we earn revenue from fees we receive for
originating mortgage loans and for servicing mortgage loans. As a result of our mortgage servicing business, we have a sizeable portfolio of MSRs. An MSR is the right to service a mortgage loan – collect principal, interest and escrow amounts
– for a fee. We acquire MSRs when we keep the servicing rights after we sell or securitize the loans we have originated or when we purchase the servicing rights to mortgage loans originated by other lenders. We initially measure and carry
substantially all our residential MSRs using the fair value measurement method. Fair value is the present value of estimated future net servicing income, calculated based on a number of variables, including assumptions about the likelihood of
prepayment by borrowers. Changes in interest rates can affect prepayment assumptions and thus fair value. When interest rates fall, borrowers are usually more likely to prepay their mortgage loans by refinancing them at a lower rate. As the
likelihood of prepayment increases, the fair value of our MSRs can decrease. Each quarter we evaluate the fair value of our MSRs, and any decrease in fair value reduces earnings in the period in which the decrease occurs. We also measure at fair
value prime MHFS for which an active secondary market and readily available market prices exist. In addition, we measure at fair value certain other interests we hold related to residential loan sales and securitizations. Similar to other
interest-bearing securities, the value of these MHFS and other interests may be negatively affected by changes in interest rates. For example, if market interest rates increase relative to the yield on these MHFS and other interests, their fair
value may fall. 

When rates rise, the demand for mortgage loans usually tends to fall, reducing the revenue we receive from
loan originations. Under the same conditions, revenue from our MSRs can increase through increases in fair value. When rates fall, mortgage originations usually tend to increase and the value of our MSRs usually tends to decline, also with some
offsetting revenue effect. Even though they can act as a “natural hedge,” the hedge is not perfect, either in amount or timing. For example, the negative effect on revenue from a decrease in the fair value of residential MSRs is generally
immediate, but any offsetting revenue benefit from more originations and the MSRs relating to the new loans would generally accrue over time. It is also possible that, because of economic conditions and/or a weak or deteriorating housing market
similar to current market conditions, even if interest rates were to fall or remain low, mortgage originations may also fall or any increase in mortgage originations may not be enough to offset the decrease in the MSRs value caused by the lower
rates. 

We typically use derivatives and other instruments to hedge our mortgage banking interest rate risk. We generally do
not hedge all of our risk, and we may not be successful in hedging any of the risk. Hedging is a complex process, requiring sophisticated models and constant monitoring, and is not a perfect science. We may use hedging instruments tied to U.S.
Treasury rates, LIBOR or Eurodollars that may not perfectly correlate with the value or income being hedged. We could incur significant losses from our hedging activities. There may be periods where we elect not to use derivatives and other
instruments to hedge mortgage banking interest rate risk. 

104 

 We sell most of the mortgage loans we originate in order to reduce our credit risk and
provide funding for additional loans. We rely on GSEs to purchase loans that meet their conforming loan requirements and on other capital markets investors to purchase loans that do not meet those requirements – referred to as
“nonconforming” loans. During the past few years investor demand for nonconforming loans has fallen sharply, increasing credit spreads and reducing the liquidity for those loans. In response to the reduced liquidity in the capital markets,
we may retain more nonconforming loans. When we retain a loan not only do we keep the credit risk of the loan but we also do not receive any sale proceeds that could be used to generate new loans. Continued lack of liquidity could limit our ability
to fund – and thus originate – new mortgage loans, reducing the fees we earn from originating and servicing loans. In addition, we cannot assure that GSEs will not materially limit their purchases of conforming loans, including because of
capital constraints or change their criteria for conforming loans (e.g., maximum loan amount or borrower eligibility). Each of the GSEs is currently in conservatorship, with its primary regulator, the Federal Housing Agency acting as conservator. We
cannot predict if, when or how the conservatorship will end, or any associated changes to the GSEs business structure and operations that could result. As noted above, there are various proposals to reform the housing finance market in the U.S.,
including the role of the GSEs in the housing finance market. The extent and timing of any such regulatory reform regarding the housing finance market and the GSEs, including whether the GSEs will continue to exist in their current form, as well as
any effect on the Company’s business and financial results, are uncertain. 

For more information, refer to the
“Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management – Mortgage Banking Interest Rate and Market Risk” and “Critical Accounting Policies” sections in this Report. 

We may be required to repurchase mortgage loans or reimburse investors and others as a result of breaches in contractual representations and warranties. We sell residential mortgage loans to
various parties, including GSEs, SPEs that issue private label MBS, and other financial institutions that purchase mortgage loans for investment or private label securitization. We may also pool FHA-insured and VA-guaranteed mortgage loans which
back securities guaranteed by GNMA. The agreements under which we sell mortgage loans and the insurance or guaranty agreements with the FHA and VA contain various representations and warranties regarding the origination and characteristics of the
mortgage loans, including ownership of the loan, compliance with loan criteria set forth in the applicable agreement, validity of the lien securing the loan, absence of delinquent taxes or liens against the property securing the loan, and compliance
with applicable origination laws. We may be required to repurchase mortgage loans, indemnify the securitization trust, investor or insurer, or reimburse the securitization trust, investor or insurer for credit losses incurred on loans in the event
of a breach of contractual representations or warranties that is not remedied within a

period (usually 90 days or less) after we receive notice of the breach. Contracts for mortgage loan sales to the GSEs include various types of specific remedies and penalties that could be
applied to inadequate responses to repurchase requests. Similarly, the agreements under which we sell mortgage loans require us to deliver various documents to the securitization trust or investor, and we may be obligated to repurchase any mortgage
loan as to which the required documents are not delivered or are defective. We may negotiate global settlements in order to resolve a pipeline of demands in lieu of repurchasing the loans. We establish a mortgage repurchase liability related to the
various representations and warranties that reflect management’s estimate of losses for loans which we have a repurchase obligation. Our mortgage purchase liability represents management’s best estimate of the probable loss that we may
expect to incur for the representations and warranties in the contractual provisions of our sales of mortgage loans. Because the level of mortgage loan repurchase losses depends upon economic factors, investor demand strategies and other external
conditions that may change over the life of the underlying loans, the level of the liability for mortgage loan repurchase losses is difficult to estimate and requires considerable management judgment. As a result of the uncertainty in the various
estimates underlying the mortgage repurchase liability, there is a range of losses in excess of the recorded mortgage repurchase liability that are reasonably possible. The estimate of the range of possible loss for representations and warranties
does not represent a probable loss, and is based on currently available information, significant judgment, and a number of assumptions that are subject to change. If economic conditions and the housing market do not improve or future investor
repurchase demand and our success at appealing repurchase requests differ from past experience, we could continue to have increased repurchase obligations and increased loss severity on repurchases, requiring material additions to the repurchase
liability. 

For more information, refer to the “Risk Management – Credit Risk Management – Liability for
Mortgage Loan Repurchase Losses” section in this Report. 

We may be terminated as a servicer or master servicer, be required to
repurchase a mortgage loan or reimburse investors for credit losses on a mortgage loan, or incur costs, liabilities, fines and other sanctions if we fail to satisfy our servicing obligations, including our obligations with respect to mortgage loan
foreclosure actions. We act as servicer and/or master servicer for mortgage loans included in securitizations and for unsecuritized mortgage loans owned by investors. As a servicer or master servicer for those loans we have certain contractual
obligations to the securitization trusts, investors or other third parties, including, in our capacity as a servicer, foreclosing on defaulted mortgage loans or, to the extent consistent with the applicable securitization or other investor
agreement, considering alternatives to foreclosure such as loan modifications or short sales and, in our capacity as a master servicer, overseeing the servicing of mortgage loans by the servicer. If we commit a material breach of our obligations as

105 

Risk Factors 
(continued) 

servicer or master servicer, we may be subject to termination if the breach is not cured within a specified period of time following notice, which can
generally be given by the securitization trustee or a specified percentage of security holders, causing us to lose servicing income. In addition, we may be required to indemnify the securitization trustee against losses from any failure by us, as a
servicer or master servicer, to perform our servicing obligations or any act or omission on our part that involves wilful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence. For certain investors and/or certain transactions, we may be contractually
obligated to repurchase a mortgage loan or reimburse the investor for credit losses incurred on the loan as a remedy for servicing errors with respect to the loan. If we have increased repurchase obligations because of claims that we did not satisfy
our obligations as a servicer or master servicer, or increased loss severity on such repurchases, we may have a significant reduction to net servicing income within mortgage banking noninterest income. 

We may incur costs if we are required to, or if we elect to, re-execute or re-file documents or take other action in our capacity as a
servicer in connection with pending or completed foreclosures. We may incur litigation costs if the validity of a foreclosure action is challenged by a borrower. If a court were to overturn a foreclosure because of errors or deficiencies in the
foreclosure process, we may have liability to the borrower and/or to any title insurer of the property sold in foreclosure if the required process was not followed. These costs and liabilities may not be legally or otherwise reimbursable to us,
particularly to the extent they relate to securitized mortgage loans. In addition, if certain documents required for a foreclosure action are missing or defective, we could be obligated to cure the defect or repurchase the loan. We may incur
liability to securitization investors relating to delays or deficiencies in our processing of mortgage assignments or other documents necessary to comply with state law governing foreclosures. The fair value of our MSRs may be negatively affected to
the extent our servicing costs increase because of higher foreclosure costs. We may be subject to fines and other sanctions imposed by Federal or state regulators as a result of actual or perceived deficiencies in our foreclosure practices or in the
foreclosure practices of other mortgage loan servicers. Any of these actions may harm our reputation or negatively affect our residential mortgage origination or servicing business. In April 2011, we entered into consent orders with the OCC and the
FRB following a joint interagency horizontal examination of foreclosure processing at large mortgage servicers, including the Company. These orders incorporate remedial requirements for identified deficiencies and require the Company to, among other
things, take certain actions with respect to our mortgage servicing and foreclosure operations, including submitting various action plans to ensure that our mortgage servicing and foreclosure operations comply with legal requirements, regulatory
guidance and the consent orders. As noted above, any increase in our servicing costs from changes in our foreclosure and other servicing practices, including resulting from the consent orders, negatively affects the fair value of our MSRs.

         The consent orders did not provide for civil money
penalties but both government entities reserved the ability to seek such penalties. On February 9, 2012, the OCC and the FRB announced that they had also imposed civil money penalties of $83 million and $85 million, respectively, related to the
consent orders. These penalties will be satisfied through payments made under a separate simultaneous settlement in principle, announced on the same day, among the Department of Justice, a task force of Attorneys General from 49 states, other
government entities, the Company and four other mortgage servicers related to mortgage servicing and foreclosure practices. Under the settlement in principle, which is subject to the execution of a definitive agreement and court approval, the
Company agreed to certain commitments totaling $5.3 billion involving, among other things, a commitment to provide $3.4 billion in aggregate consumer relief and assistance programs for qualified borrowers, including expanded first and second lien
mortgage modifications that broaden the use of principal reduction to help customers achieve affordability, an expanded short sale program that includes waivers of deficiency balances, forgiveness of arrearages for unemployed borrowers,
cash-for-keys payments to borrowers who voluntarily vacate properties, and “anti-blight” provisions designed to reduce the impact on communities of vacant properties, and an expanded first-lien refinance program commitment estimated to
provide $900 million of aggregate payment relief to qualified borrowers over the life of the refinanced loans. In addition, the Company will be required to implement comprehensive servicing standards. As part of the settlement in principle, the
Company was released from claims and allegations relating to servicing, modification and foreclosure practices; however, the settlement does not release the Company from any claims arising out of securitization activities, including representations
made to investors respecting mortgage-backed securities; criminal claims; repurchase demands from the GSEs; and inquiries into MERS, among other items. Government agencies continue investigations of whether the Company may have violated fair lending
or other laws and regulations relating to mortgage origination practices and whether the Company’s offering statements included adequate disclosure of the risks associated with mortgage-backed securities. These investigations, as well as any
investigations or litigation relating to any of the Company’s mortgage servicing and foreclosure practices that are not covered or released by the settlement in principle or definitive agreement, could result in material fines, penalties,
equitable remedies, or other enforcement actions. The Company’s payment and other customer relief obligations under the settlement in principle were accrued for or otherwise considered in our allowance for credit losses and in the nonaccretable
difference relating to our purchased-credit-impaired residential mortgage portfolio as of December 31, 2011, and, therefore, are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial results. However, there can be no assurance that the
settlement will not result in unexpected costs or developments that could materially adversely affect our mortgage business and/or our financial results. For example, we may be required to pay additional amounts under the settlement if we fail to
satisfy our commitment requirements in a timely manner. Furthermore, there can be no assurance as to when or whether a definitive agreement regarding the settlement will be reached and finalized or that it will be on terms consistent with the
settlement in principle. 

For more information, refer to the “Risk Management – Liability for Mortgage Loan
Repurchase Losses” and “– Risks Relating to Servicing Activities,” and “Critical Accounting Policies – Valuation of Residential Mortgage Servicing Rights” sections and Note 14 (Guarantees) and Note 15 (Legal
Actions) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

106

 Financial difficulties or credit downgrades of mortgage and bond insurers may negatively affect our
servicing and investment portfolios. Our servicing portfolio includes certain mortgage loans that carry some level of insurance from one or more mortgage insurance companies. To the extent that any of these companies experience financial
difficulties or credit downgrades, we may be required, as servicer of the insured loan on behalf of the investor, to obtain replacement coverage with another provider, possibly at a higher cost than the coverage we would replace. We may be
responsible for some or all of the incremental cost of the new coverage for certain loans depending on the terms of our servicing agreement with the investor and other circumstances, although we do not have an additional risk of repurchase loss
associated with claim amounts for loans sold to third-party investors. Similarly, some of the mortgage loans we hold for investment or for sale carry mortgage insurance. If a mortgage insurer is unable to meet its credit obligations with respect to
an insured loan, we might incur higher credit losses if replacement coverage is not obtained. For example, in October 2011, PMI Mortgage Insurance Co. (PMI), one of our providers of mortgage insurance, was seized by its regulator. We previously
utilized PMI to provide mortgage insurance on certain loans originated and held in our portfolio and on loans originated and sold to third-party investors. We also hold a small amount of residential MBS, which are backed by mortgages with a limited
amount of insurance provided by PMI. PMI has announced that it will pay 50% of insurance claim amounts in cash with the rest deferred. Although we do not expect PMI’s situation to have a material adverse effect on our financial results because
of the limited amount of loans and securities held in our portfolios with PMI insurance support, we cannot be certain that any such future events involving one of our other mortgage insurance company providers will not materially adversely affect
our mortgage business and/or financial results. We also have investments in municipal bonds that are guaranteed against loss by bond insurers. The value of these bonds and the payment of principal and interest on them may be negatively affected by
financial difficulties or credit downgrades experienced by the bond insurers. 

For more information, refer to the
“Earnings Performance – Balance Sheet Analysis – Securities Available for Sale” and “Risk Management – Credit Risk Management– Liability for Mortgage Loan Repurchase Losses” sections in this Report.

OPERATIONAL AND LEGAL RISK 

A failure in or breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of our third party vendors and other service providers,
including as a result of cyber attacks, could disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, damage our reputation, increase our costs and cause losses. As a large financial institution
that serves over 70 million customers through over 9,000 stores, 12,000 ATMs, the Internet and other distribution channels across the U.S. and internationally, we depend on our ability to process, record and monitor a large number of customer
transactions on a

continuous basis. As our customer base and locations have expanded throughout the U.S. and internationally, and as customer, public and regulatory expectations regarding operational and
information security have increased, our operational systems and infrastructure must continue to be safeguarded and monitored for potential failures, disruptions and breakdowns. Our business, financial, accounting, data processing systems or other
operating systems and facilities may stop operating properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control. For example, there could be sudden increases in customer
transaction volume; electrical or telecommunications outages; natural disasters such as earthquakes, tornados, and hurricanes; disease pandemics; events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts; and,
as described below, cyber attacks. Although we have business continuity plans and other safeguards in place, our business operations may be adversely affected by significant and widespread disruption to our physical infrastructure or operating
systems that support our businesses and customers. 

Information security risks for large financial institutions such as Wells
Fargo have generally increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the Internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities
of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, activists, and other external parties. Those parties also may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, or other users of our systems to disclose confidential information in order to gain access to
our data or that of our customers. As noted above, our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential information in our computer systems and networks. Our banking, brokerage, investment advisory, and capital
markets businesses rely on our digital technologies, computer and email systems, software, and networks to conduct their operations. In addition, to access our products and services, our customers may use personal smartphones, tablet PC’s, and
other mobile devices that are beyond our control systems. Although we believe we have robust information security procedures and controls, our technologies, systems, networks, and our customers’ devices may become the target of cyber attacks or
information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of Wells Fargo’s or our customers’ confidential, proprietary and other information, or otherwise disrupt Wells
Fargo’s or its customers’ or other third parties’ business operations. 

Third parties with which we do
business or that facilitate our business activities, including exchanges, clearing houses, financial intermediaries or vendors that provide services or security solutions for our operations, could also be sources of operational and information
security risk to us, including from breakdowns or failures of their own systems or capacity constraints. 

Although to date we
have not experienced any material losses relating to cyber attacks or other information security breaches, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer such losses in the future. Our risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because
of, among other things, the evolving nature of these threats, the prominent size and scale of Wells Fargo and

107 

Risk Factors
 (continued) 

its role in the financial services industry, our plans to continue to implement our Internet banking and mobile banking channel strategies and develop additional remote connectivity solutions to
serve our customers when and how they want to be served, our expanded geographic footprint and international presence, the outsourcing of some of our business operations, the continued uncertain global economic environment, and the remaining system
and customer account conversions associated with our integration of Wachovia expected to be completed in first quarter 2012. As a result, cybersecurity and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes and practices designed
to protect our systems, computers, software, data and networks from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a priority for Wells Fargo. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to
continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. 

Disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our businesses and customers, or cyber attacks or security breaches of the networks, systems or devices that our
customers use to access our products and services could result in customer attrition, financial losses, the inability of our customers to transact business with us, violations of applicable privacy and other laws, regulatory fines, penalties or
intervention, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensation costs, and/or additional compliance costs, any of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 

Our framework for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating risk and loss to us. Our risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and
loss to us. We have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report and analyze the types of risk to which we are subject, including liquidity risk, credit risk, market risk, interest rate risk, operational risk,
legal and compliance risk, and reputational risk, among others. However, as with any risk management framework, there are inherent limitations to our risk management strategies as there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that we have not
appropriately anticipated or identified. For example, the recent financial and credit crisis and resulting regulatory reform highlighted both the importance and some of the limitations of managing unanticipated risks. If our risk management
framework proves ineffective, we could suffer unexpected losses which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 

We may incur fines, penalties and other negative consequences from regulatory violations, possibly even inadvertent or unintentional violations. We maintain systems and procedures designed to
ensure that we comply with applicable laws and regulations. However, some legal/regulatory frameworks provide for the imposition of fines or penalties for noncompliance even though the noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional and even though
there was in place at the time systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance. For example, we are subject to regulations issued by the Office of

Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) that prohibit financial institutions from participating in the transfer of property belonging to the governments of certain foreign countries and designated
nationals of those countries. OFAC may impose penalties for inadvertent or unintentional violations even if reasonable processes are in place to prevent the violations. There may be other negative consequences resulting from a finding of
noncompliance, including restrictions on certain activities. Such a finding may also damage our reputation as described below and could restrict the ability of institutional investment managers to invest in our securities. 

Negative publicity, including as a result of protests, could damage our reputation and business. Reputation risk, or the risk to our business,
earnings and capital from negative public opinion, is inherent in our business and increased substantially because of the financial crisis and the increase in our size and profile in the financial services industry following our acquisition of
Wachovia. The reputation of the financial services industry in general has been damaged as a result of the financial crisis and other matters affecting the financial services industry, and negative public opinion about the financial services
industry generally or Wells Fargo specifically could adversely affect our ability to keep and attract customers. Negative public opinion could result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including mortgage lending
practices, servicing and foreclosure activities, corporate governance, regulatory compliance, mergers and acquisitions, and disclosure, sharing or inadequate protection of customer information, and from actions taken by government regulators and
community or other organizations in response to that conduct. Because we conduct most of our businesses under the “Wells Fargo” brand, negative public opinion about one business could affect our other businesses and also could negatively
affect our “cross-sell” strategy. The proliferation of social media websites utilized by Wells Fargo and other third parties, as well as the personal use of social media by our team members and others, including personal blogs and social
network profiles, also may increase the risk that negative, inappropriate or unauthorized information may be posted or released publicly that could harm our reputation or have other negative consequences, including as a result of our team members
interacting with our customers in an unauthorized manner in various social media outlets. 

During the past several months,
Wells Fargo and other financial institutions have been the targets of numerous protests throughout the U.S., such as the “Occupy Wall Street” protests and other movements designed to cause customers to close their accounts with large
financial institutions. These protests have included disrupting the operation of our retail banking stores and have resulted in negative public commentary about financial institutions, including the fees charged for various products and services.
There can be no assurance that continued protests and negative publicity for the Company or large financial institutions generally will not harm our reputation and adversely affect our business and financial results.

108 

 Risks Relating to Legal Proceedings. Wells Fargo and some of its subsidiaries are involved in
judicial, regulatory and arbitration proceedings or investigations concerning matters arising from our business activities. Although we believe we have a meritorious defense in all material significant litigation pending against us, there can be no
assurance as to the ultimate outcome. We establish reserves for legal claims when payments associated with the claims become probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. We may still incur legal costs for a matter even if we have not
established a reserve. In addition, the actual cost of resolving a legal claim may be substantially higher than any amounts reserved for that matter. The ultimate resolution of a pending legal proceeding, depending on the remedy sought and granted,
could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

For more information, refer to Note 15
(Legal Actions) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR INDUSTRY’S COMPETITIVE OPERATING ENVIRONMENT

We face significant and increasing competition in the rapidly evolving financial services industry. We compete with other financial
institutions in a highly competitive industry that is undergoing significant changes as a result of financial regulatory reform and increased public scrutiny stemming from the recent financial crisis and continued challenging economic conditions.
Wells Fargo generally competes on the basis of the quality of our customer service, the wide variety of products and services that we can offer our customers and the ability of those products and services to satisfy our customers’ needs, the
pricing of our products and services, the extensive distribution channels available for our customers, our innovation, and our reputation. Continued and increased competition in any one or all of these areas may negatively affect our market share
and results of operations and/or cause us to increase our capital investment in our businesses in order to remain competitive. Given the current economic, regulatory, and political environment for large financial institutions such as Wells Fargo, as
well as increased public protest movements and negative publicity, there is increased competitive pressure to provide products and services at current or lower prices. Consequently, our ability to reposition or reprice our products and services from
time to time may be limited and could be influenced significantly by the actions of our competitors who may or may not charge similar fees for their products and services. Any changes in the types of products and services that we offer our customers
and/or the pricing for those products and services could result in a loss of customers and market share and could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

Continued technological advances and the growth of e-commerce have made it possible for non-depository institutions to offer products and services that traditionally were banking products, and for
financial institutions and other companies to provide electronic and internet-based financial solutions, including electronic payment solutions. We may not respond effectively to these competitive threats from existing and new competitors and may be
forced to increase our investment in our

business to modify or adapt our existing products and services or develop new products and services to respond to our customers’ needs. 

Our “cross-selling” efforts to increase the number of products our customers buy from us and offer them all of the financial products that
fulfill their needs is a key part of our growth strategy, and our failure to execute this strategy effectively could have a material adverse effect on our revenue growth and financial results. Selling more products to our customers –
“cross-selling” – is very important to our business model and key to our ability to grow revenue and earnings especially during the current environment of slow economic growth and regulatory reform initiatives. Many of our competitors
also focus on cross-selling, especially in retail banking and mortgage lending. This can limit our ability to sell more products to our customers or influence us to sell our products at lower prices, reducing our net interest income and revenue from
our fee-based products. It could also affect our ability to keep existing customers. New technologies could require us to spend more to modify or adapt our products to attract and retain customers. Our cross-sell strategy also is dependent on
earning more business from our Wachovia customers, and increasing our cross-sell ratio – or the average number of products sold to existing customers – may become more challenging and we might not attain our goal of selling an average of
eight products to each customer. 

Our ability to attract and retain qualified team members is critical to the success of our
business and failure to do so could adversely affect our business performance, competitive position and future prospects. The success of Wells Fargo is heavily dependent on the talents and efforts of our team members, and in many areas of our
business, including the commercial banking, brokerage, investment advisory, and capital markets businesses, the competition for highly qualified personnel is intense. In order to attract and retain highly qualified team members, we must provide
competitive compensation. As a large financial institution we may be subject to limitations on compensation by our regulators that may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain these qualified team members. Some of our competitors may not
be subject to these same compensation limitations, which may further negatively affect our ability to attract and retain highly qualified team members. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Changes in accounting policies or accounting
standards, and changes in how accounting standards are interpreted or applied, could materially affect how we report our financial results and condition. Our accounting policies are fundamental to determining and understanding our financial
results and condition. As described below, some of these policies require use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the value of our assets or liabilities and financial results. Any changes in our accounting policies could materially affect
our financial statements. 

109 

Risk Factors 
(continued)

 From time to time the FASB and the SEC change the financial accounting and reporting
standards that govern the preparation of our external financial statements. In addition, accounting standard setters and those who interpret the accounting standards (such as the FASB, SEC, banking regulators and our outside auditors) may change or
even reverse their previous interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. Changes in financial accounting and reporting standards and changes in current interpretations may be beyond our control, can be hard to predict and
could materially affect how we report our financial results and condition. We may be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively or apply an existing standard differently, also retroactively, in each case resulting in our potentially
restating prior period financial statements in material amounts. 

Our financial statements are based in part on assumptions and estimates
which, if wrong, could cause unexpected losses in the future, and our financial statements depend on our internal controls over financial reporting. Pursuant to U.S. GAAP, we are required to use certain assumptions and estimates in preparing our
financial statements, including in determining credit loss reserves, reserves for mortgage repurchases, reserves related to litigation and the fair value of certain assets and liabilities, among other items. Several of our accounting policies are
critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because it is likely that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using
different assumptions. For a description of these policies, refer to the “Critical Accounting Policies” section in this Report. If assumptions or estimates underlying our financial statements are incorrect, we may experience material
losses. 

Certain of our financial instruments, including trading assets and liabilities, available-for-sale securities,
certain loans, MSRs, private equity investments, structured notes and certain repurchase and resale agreements, among other items, require a determination of their fair value in order to prepare our financial statements. Where quoted market prices
are not available, we may make fair value determinations based on internally developed models or other means which ultimately rely to some degree on management judgment. Some of these and other assets and liabilities may have no direct observable
price levels, making their valuation particularly subjective, being based on significant estimation and judgment. In addition, sudden illiquidity in markets or declines in prices of certain loans and securities may make it more difficult to value
certain balance sheet items, which may lead to the possibility that such valuations will be subject to further change or adjustment and could lead to declines in our earnings. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley) requires our management to evaluate the Company’s disclosure controls and
procedures and its internal control over financial reporting and requires our auditors to issue a report on our internal control over financial reporting. We are required to disclose, in our annual report on Form 10-K, the existence of any
“material weaknesses” in our internal controls. We cannot assure that we

will not identify one or more material weaknesses as of the end of any given quarter or year, nor can we predict the effect on our stock price of disclosure of a material weakness. Sarbanes-Oxley
also limits the types of non-audit services our outside auditors may provide to us in order to preserve their independence from us. If our auditors were found not to be “independent” of us under SEC rules, we could be required to engage
new auditors and file financial statements and audit reports with the SEC. We could be out of compliance with SEC rules until new financial statements and audit reports were filed, limiting our ability to raise capital and resulting in other adverse
consequences. 

RISKS RELATED TO ACQUISITIONS 

Acquisitions could reduce our stock price upon announcement and reduce our earnings if we overpay or have difficulty integrating them. We regularly explore opportunities to acquire companies in the
financial services industry. We cannot predict the frequency, size or timing of our acquisitions, and we typically do not comment publicly on a possible acquisition until we have signed a definitive agreement. When we do announce an acquisition, our
stock price may fall depending on the size of the acquisition, the type of business to be acquired, the purchase price, and the potential dilution to existing stockholders or our earnings per share if we issue common stock in connection with the
acquisition. 

We generally must receive federal regulatory approvals before we can acquire a bank, bank holding company or
certain other financial services businesses depending on the size of the financial services business to be acquired. In deciding whether to approve a proposed acquisition, federal bank regulators will consider, among other factors, the effect of the
acquisition on competition and the risk to the stability of the U.S. banking or financial system, our financial condition and future prospects including current and projected capital ratios and levels, the competence, experience, and integrity of
management and record of compliance with laws and regulations, the convenience and needs of the communities to be served, including our record of compliance under the Community Reinvestment Act, and our effectiveness in combating money laundering.
As a result of the Dodd-Frank Act and concerns regarding the large size of financial institutions such as Wells Fargo, the regulatory process for approving acquisitions has become more complex and regulatory approvals may be more difficult to
obtain. We cannot be certain when or if, or on what terms and conditions, any required regulatory approvals will be granted. We might be required to sell banks, branches and/or business units or assets or issue additional equity as a condition to
receiving regulatory approval for an acquisition. In addition, federal bank regulations prohibit FRB regulatory approval of any transaction that would create an institution holding more than 10% of total U.S. insured deposits, or of any transaction
(whether or not subject to FRB approval) that would create a financial company with more than 10% of the liabilities of all financial companies in the U.S. We are approaching the deposit cap, which may limit our bank acquisition opportunities in the
future. 

110 

 Difficulty in integrating an acquired company may cause us not to realize expected
revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence, and other projected benefits from the acquisition. The integration could result in higher than expected deposit attrition, loss of key team members, disruption of our
business or the business of the acquired company, or otherwise harm our ability to retain customers and team members or achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. Time and resources spent on integration may also impair our ability to grow
our existing businesses. Also, the negative effect of any divestitures required by regulatory authorities in acquisitions or business combinations may be greater than expected. Many of the foregoing risks may be increased if the acquired company
operates internationally or in a geographic location where we do not already have significant business operations and/or team members. 

* * * 

Any factor described in this Report or in any of our other SEC filings
could by itself, or together with other factors, adversely affect our financial results and condition. Refer to our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC in 2012 for material changes to the above discussion of risk factors. There are
factors not discussed above or elsewhere in this Report that could adversely affect our financial results and condition.