An investment in the Company involves risk, including the possibility that the value of the investment could fall substantially and that dividends or other distributions on the investment could be reduced or eliminated. We discuss below risk factors that could adversely affect our financial results and condition, and the value of, and return on, an investment in the Company. 

ECONOMIC, FINANCIAL MARKETS, INTEREST RATES, AND LIQUIDITY RISKS

Our financial results have been, and will continue to be, materially

affected by

general economic conditions, and a deterioration in economic conditions or in the financial markets may materially adversely affect our lending and other businesses and our financial results and condition. 
 We generate revenue from the interest and fees we charge on the loans and other products and services we sell, and a substantial amount of our revenue and earnings comes from the net interest income and fee income that we earn from our consumer and commercial lending and banking businesses. These businesses have been, and will continue to be, materially affected by the state of the U.S. economy, particularly unemployment levels and home prices. The negative effects and continued uncertainty stemming from U.S. fiscal, monetary and political matters, including concerns about deficit and debt levels, inflation, taxes and U.S. debt ratings, have impacted and may continue to impact the global economy. Moreover, geopolitical matters, including international political unrest or disturbances, such as the conflict in Ukraine, as well as continued concerns over commodity prices, restrictions on international trade and corresponding retaliatory measures, and global economic difficulties, may impact the stability of financial markets and the global economy. Any impacts to the global economy could have a similar impact to the U.S. economy. A prolonged period of slow growth in the global economy or any deterioration in general economic conditions and/or the financial markets resulting from the above matters or any other events or factors that may disrupt or weaken the U.S. or global economy
, 
could materially adversely affect our financial results and condition. 

A weakening in business or economic conditions, including higher unemployment levels or declines in home prices, as well as higher interest rates, can also adversely affect our customers’ ability to repay their loans or other obligations, which can negatively impact our credit performance. If unemployment levels worsen or if home prices fall we would expect to incur elevated charge-offs and provision expense from increases in our allowance for credit losses. These conditions may adversely affect not only consumer loan performance but also commercial and CRE loans, especially for those business borrowers that rely on the health of industries that may experience deteriorating economic conditions. The ability of these and other borrowers to repay their loans may deteriorate, causing us, as one of the largest commercial and CRE lenders in the U.S., to incur significantly higher credit losses. In addition, weak or deteriorating economic conditions make it more challenging for us to increase our consumer and commercial loan portfolios by making loans to creditworthy borrowers at attractive yields. Furthermore, weak economic conditions, as well as competition and/or increases in interest rates, could soften demand for our loans resulting in our retaining a much higher amount of lower yielding liquid assets on our consolidated balance sheet. If 

economic conditions do not continue to improve or if the economy worsens and unemployment rises, which also would likely result in a decrease in consumer and business confidence and spending, the demand for our products, including our consumer and commercial loans, may fall, reducing our interest and noninterest income and our earnings.

A deterioration in business and economic conditions, which may erode consumer and investor confidence levels, and/or increased volatility of financial markets, also could adversely affect financial results for our fee-based businesses, including our investment advisory, securities brokerage, wealth management, markets and investment banking businesses. For example, because investment advisory fees are often based on the value of assets under management, a fall in the market prices of those assets could reduce our fee income. Changes in stock market prices could affect the trading activity of investors, reducing commissions and other fees we earn from our brokerage business. In addition, adverse market conditions may negatively affect the performance of products we have provided to customers, which may expose us to legal actions or additional costs. Poor economic conditions and volatile or unstable financial markets also can negatively affect our debt and equity underwriting and advisory businesses, as well as our venture capital business and trading activities, including through heightened counterparty credit risk. Any deterioration in global financial markets and economies, including as a result of any international political unrest or disturbances, may adversely affect the revenue and earnings of our international operations, particularly our global financial institution and correspondent banking services.

For additional information, see the “Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management” and “– Credit Risk Management” sections in this Report.

The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted our business and financial results and any further impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted.
 The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy; disrupted global supply chains; affected equity market valuations; and created significant volatility and disruption in financial markets and unemployment levels. As a result of the pandemic, the demand for our products and services has, at times, been significantly impacted, which adversely affected our revenue. The pandemic also resulted in the recognition of credit losses in our loan portfolios and increases in our allowance for credit losses, particularly for industries most directly and adversely affected by the pandemic, such as travel and entertainment.

Moreover, the pandemic created additional operational and compliance risks, including the need to quickly implement and execute new pandemic-related programs and procedures, comply with rapidly changing regulatory requirements, address any increased risk of fraudulent activity, and protect the integrity and functionality of our systems, networks, and operations while a larger number of our employees and those of our third-party service providers may spend more time working remotely than prior to the pandemic. In response to the pandemic, we previously suspended certain mortgage foreclosure activities and provided fee waivers, payment deferrals, and other assistance for certain consumer and commercial lending customers. Furthermore, our participation in governmental measures taken to address the economic impact from the pandemic could 

Wells Fargo & Company

69

Risk Factors 
(continued)

continue to result in litigation and government investigations and proceedings. In addition, we previously reduced our common stock dividend and temporarily suspended share repurchases. The pandemic also increased the likelihood and/or magnitude of the other risks described herein, including credit, market and operational related risks. 

The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic further impacts our business, results of operations, and financial condition, as well as our regulatory capital and liquidity ratios, depends on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the scope and duration of the pandemic and actions taken by governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the pandemic. Depending on future developments, the COVID-19 pandemic or any new pandemic could result in the occurrence of new, unanticipated adverse effects on us or the recurrence of adverse effects similar to those already experienced. 

Changes in interest rates and financial market values could reduce our net interest income and earnings, as well as our other comprehensive income, including as a result of recognizing losses on the debt and equity securities that we hold in our portfolio or trade for our customers.

Changes in either our net interest margin or the amount or mix of earning assets we hold, including as a result of the asset cap under the February 2018 consent order with the FRB, could affect our net interest income and our earnings. Changes in interest rates can affect our net interest margin. Although the yield we earn on our assets and our funding costs tend to move in the same direction in response to changes in interest rates, one can rise or fall faster than the other, causing our net interest margin to expand or contract. If our funding costs rise faster than the yield we earn on our assets or if the yield we earn on our assets falls faster than our funding costs, our net interest margin could contract.

The amount and type of earning assets we hold can affect our yield and net interest income. We hold earning assets in the form of loans and debt and equity securities, among other assets. As noted above, if the economy worsens we may see lower demand for loans by creditworthy customers, reducing our yield and net interest income. In addition, our net interest income and net interest margin can be negatively affected by a prolonged period of low interest rates as it may result in us holding lower yielding loans and securities on our consolidated balance sheet, particularly if we are unable to replace the maturing higher yielding assets with similar higher yielding assets. Increases in interest rates, however, may continue to negatively affect loan demand and could result in higher credit losses as borrowers may have more difficulty making higher interest payments. As described below, changes in interest rates also affect our mortgage business, including the value of our MSRs. In an effort to address high inflation, the FRB significantly raised its target range for the federal funds rate and has indicated it may continue to raise it in 2023.

Changes in the slope of the yield curve – or the spread between short-term and long-term interest rates – could also reduce our net interest income and net interest margin. Normally, the yield curve is upward sloping, meaning short-term rates are lower than long-term rates. When the yield curve flattens or inverts, our net interest income and net interest margin could decrease if the cost of our short-term funding increases relative to the yield we can earn on our long-term assets. Moreover, a negative interest rate environment, in which interest rates drop below zero, could reduce our net interest income and net interest margin due to a likely decline in the 

interest we could earn on loans and other earning assets, while also likely requiring us to pay to maintain our deposits with

the FRB.

We assess our interest rate risk by estimating the effect on our earnings under various scenarios that differ based on assumptions about the direction, magnitude and speed of interest rate changes and the slope of the yield curve. We may hedge some of that interest rate risk with interest rate derivatives. We also rely on the “natural hedge” that our mortgage loan originations and servicing rights can provide as their revenue impact tends to move in opposite directions based on changes in interest rates.

We generally do not hedge all of our interest rate risk. There is always the risk that changes in interest rates, credit spreads or option volatility could reduce our net interest income and earnings, as well as our other comprehensive income, in material amounts, especially if actual conditions turn out to be materially different than what we assumed. For example, if interest rates rise or fall faster than we assumed or the slope of the yield curve changes, we may incur significant losses on debt securities we hold as investments. To reduce our interest rate risk, we may rebalance our portfolios of debt securities, equity securities and loans, refinance our debt and take other strategic actions. We may incur losses when we take such actions. In addition, changes in interest rates can result in increased basis risk, which could limit the effectiveness of our hedging activities.

Because of changing economic and market conditions, as well as credit ratings, affecting issuers and the performance of any underlying collateral, we may be required to recognize other-than-temporary impairment (OTTI) in future periods on the securities we hold. Furthermore, the value of the debt securities we hold can fluctuate due to changes in interest rates, issuer creditworthiness, and other factors. Our net income also is exposed to changes in interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates, and equity and commodity prices in connection with our trading activities, which are conducted primarily to accommodate the investment and risk management activities of our customers, as well as when we execute economic hedging to manage certain balance sheet risks. Trading debt securities and equity securities held for trading are carried at fair value with realized and unrealized gains and losses recorded in noninterest income. As part of our business to support our customers, we trade public debt and equity securities and other financial instruments that are subject to market fluctuations with gains and losses recognized in net income. In addition, although high market volatility can increase our exposure to trading-related losses, periods of low volatility may have an adverse effect on our businesses as a result of reduced customer activity levels. Although we have processes in place to measure and monitor the risks associated with our trading activities, including stress testing and hedging strategies, there can be no assurance that our processes and strategies will be effective in avoiding losses that could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.

The value of our marketable and nonmarketable equity securities can fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Marketable equity securities are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reflected in earnings. Nonmarketable equity securities are carried under the cost method, equity method, or measurement alternative, while others are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reflected in earnings. Earnings from our equity securities portfolio may be volatile and hard to predict, and may have a significant effect on our earnings from period to period. When, and if, we recognize gains may depend on a number of factors, including general economic and market conditions, the prospects of the companies in which we invest, when a company 

70

Wells Fargo & Company

goes public, the size of our position relative to the public float, and whether we are subject to any resale restrictions.

Nonmarketable equity securities include our private equity and venture capital investments that could result in significant OTTI losses for those investments carried under the measurement alternative or equity method. If we determine there is OTTI for an investment, we write-down the carrying value of the investment, resulting in a charge to earnings, which could be significant.

For additional information, see the “Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management – Interest Rate Risk”, “– Mortgage Banking Interest Rate and Market Risk”, “– Market Risk – Trading Activities”, and “– Market Risk – Equity Securities” and the “Balance Sheet Analysis – Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities” sections in this Report and Note 2 (Trading Activities), Note 3 (Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities) and Note 4 (Equity Securities) to Financial Statements in this Report.

The transition away from the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
 The administrator of LIBOR ceased publication of LIBOR settings on a representative basis on December 31, 2021, with the exception of the most commonly used U.S. dollar (USD) LIBOR settings, which will no longer be published on a representative basis after June 30, 2023. Additionally, federal banking regulators issued guidance strongly encouraging banking organizations to cease using USD LIBOR in new contracts. We have a significant number of assets and liabilities, such as legacy commercial loans, adjustable-rate mortgage loans, derivatives, debt securities, and long-term debt, referenced to LIBOR and other interbank offered rates. When any such benchmark rate or other referenced financial metric is significantly changed, replaced or discontinued, or ceases to be recognized as an acceptable market benchmark rate or financial metric, there may be uncertainty or differences in the calculation of the applicable interest rate or payment amount depending on the terms of the governing instrument.

This could impact the financial performance of previously booked transactions, result in losses on financial instruments we hold, require different hedging strategies or result in ineffective or increased basis risk on existing hedges, impact the overall interest rate environment and the availability or cost of floating-rate funding, affect our capital and liquidity planning and management, or have other adverse financial consequences. There can be no assurance that any new benchmark rate, such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), or other financial metric will be an adequate alternative to LIBOR or produce the economic equivalent of LIBOR. In addition, the transition away from LIBOR will continue to require changes to existing transaction data, products, systems, models, operations, and pricing processes, as well as the modification or renegotiation of contracts that reference USD LIBOR. It may also continue to result in significant operational, systems, or other practical challenges, increased compliance and operational costs, and heightened expectations and scrutiny from regulators, and could result in litigation, reputational harm, or other adverse consequences. Furthermore, the transition away from widely used benchmark rates like LIBOR could result in customers or other market participants challenging the determination of their interest payments, disputing the interpretation or implementation of fallback provisions and other transition related changes, or entering into fewer transactions or postponing their financing needs, which could reduce our revenue and adversely affect our business. Moreover, to the 

extent borrowers with loans referenced to LIBOR, such as adjustable-rate mortgage loans, experience higher interest payments as a result of the transition to a new benchmark rate, our customers’ ability to repay their loans may be adversely affected, which can negatively impact our credit performance. 

For additional information on the discontinuation of LIBOR and the steps we are taking to address and mitigate the risks we have identified, see the “Overview – Recent Developments – LIBOR Transition” section in this Report.

Effective liquidity management is essential for the operation of our business, and our financial results and condition could be materially adversely affected if we do not effectively manage our liquidity.

We primarily rely on customer deposits to be a low-cost and stable source of funding for the loans we make and the operation of our business. In addition to customer deposits, our sources of liquidity include certain debt and equity securities, our ability to sell or securitize loans in secondary markets and to pledge loans to access secured borrowing facilities through the FHLB and the FRB, and our ability to raise funds in domestic and international money through capital markets.

Our liquidity and our ability to fund and run our business could be materially adversely affected by a variety of conditions and factors, including financial and credit market disruption and volatility or a lack of market or customer confidence in financial markets in general similar to what occurred during the financial crisis in 2008 and early 2009, which may result in a loss of customer deposits or outflows of cash or collateral and/or our inability to access capital markets on favorable terms. Market disruption and volatility could impact our credit spreads, which are the amount in excess of the interest rate of U.S. Treasury securities, or other benchmark securities, of the same maturity that we need to pay to our funding providers. Increases in interest rates and our credit spreads could significantly increase our funding costs. Other conditions and factors that could materially adversely affect our liquidity and funding include a lack of market or customer confidence in the Company or negative news about the Company or the financial services industry generally which also may result in a loss of deposits and/or negatively affect our ability to access the capital markets; our inability to sell or securitize loans or other assets; disruptions or volatility in the repurchase market which also may increase our short-term funding costs; regulatory requirements or restrictions; unexpectedly high or accelerated customer draws on lines of credit; and, as described below, reductions in one or more of our credit ratings. Many of the above conditions and factors may be caused by events over which we have little or no control. There can be no assurance that significant disruption and volatility in the financial markets will not occur in the future. For example, concerns over geopolitical issues, commodity and currency prices, as well as global economic conditions, may cause financial market volatility.

In addition, concerns regarding U.S. government debt levels, including any potential failure to raise the debt limit, and any associated downgrade of U.S. government debt ratings may cause uncertainty and volatility as well. A downgrade of the sovereign debt ratings of the U.S. government or the debt ratings of related institutions, agencies or instrumentalities, as well as other fiscal or political events could, in addition to causing economic and financial market disruptions, materially adversely affect the market value of the U.S. government securities that we hold, the availability of those securities as collateral for borrowing, and our ability to access capital markets on favorable terms, as well as have other material adverse effects on the operation of our business and our financial results and condition.

Wells Fargo & Company

71

Risk Factors 
(continued)

As noted above, we rely heavily on customer deposits for our funding and liquidity. We compete with banks and other financial services companies for deposits. If our competitors raise the rates they pay on deposits our funding costs may increase, either because we raise our rates to avoid losing deposits or because we lose deposits and must rely on more expensive sources of funding. Checking and savings account balances and other forms of customer deposits may decrease when customers perceive other investment opportunities, such as stocks, bonds, or money market mutual funds, as providing a better risk/return tradeoff. When customers move money out of bank deposits and into other investments, we may lose a relatively low-cost source of funds, increasing our funding costs and negatively affecting our liquidity. In addition, we may continue to reduce certain deposit balances in order to manage under the asset cap.

If we are unable to continue to fund our assets through customer deposits or access capital markets on favorable terms or if we suffer an increase in our borrowing costs or otherwise fail to manage our liquidity effectively (including on an intra-day or intra-affiliate basis), our liquidity, net interest margin, financial results and condition may be materially adversely affected. As we did during the financial crisis, we may also need, or be required by our regulators, to raise additional capital through the issuance of common stock, which could dilute the ownership of existing stockholders, or reduce or even eliminate our common stock dividend to preserve capital or to raise additional capital.

For additional information, see the “Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management” section in this Report.

Adverse changes in our credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, cash flows, financial results and condition.

Our borrowing costs and ability to obtain funding are influenced by our credit ratings. Reductions in one or more of our credit ratings could adversely affect our ability to borrow funds and raise the costs of our borrowings substantially and could cause creditors and business counterparties to raise collateral requirements or take other actions that could adversely affect our ability to raise funding. Credit ratings and credit ratings agencies’ outlooks are based on the ratings agencies’ analysis of many quantitative and qualitative factors, such as our capital adequacy, liquidity, asset quality, business mix, the level and quality of our earnings, rating agency assumptions regarding the probability and extent of federal financial assistance or support, and other rating agency specific criteria. In addition to credit ratings, our borrowing costs are affected by various other external factors, including market volatility and concerns or perceptions about the financial services industry generally. There can be no assurance that we will maintain our credit ratings and outlooks and that credit ratings downgrades in the future would not materially affect our ability to borrow funds and borrowing costs. Downgrades in our credit ratings also may trigger additional collateral or funding obligations which, depending on the severity of the downgrade, could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, including as a result of credit-related contingent features in certain of our derivative contracts.

For information on our credit ratings, see the “Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management – Liquidity Risk and Funding – Credit Ratings” section and for information regarding additional collateral and funding obligations required of certain derivative instruments in the event our credit ratings were to fall below investment grade, see Note 14 (Derivatives) to Financial Statements in this Report.

We rely on dividends from our subsidiaries for liquidity, and federal and state law, as well as certain contractual arrangements, can limit those dividends. 
Wells Fargo & Company, the parent holding company (the “Parent”), is a separate and distinct legal entity from its subsidiaries. It receives substantially all of its funding and liquidity from dividends and other distributions from its subsidiaries. We generally use these dividends and distributions, among other things, to pay dividends on our common and preferred stock and interest and principal on our debt. Federal and state laws limit the amount of dividends and distributions that our bank and some of our nonbank subsidiaries, including our broker-dealer subsidiaries, may pay to the Parent. In addition, under a Support Agreement dated June 28, 2017, as amended and restated on June 26, 2019, among the Parent, WFC Holdings, LLC, an intermediate holding company and subsidiary of the Parent (the “IHC”), Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (the “Bank”), Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC, and certain other subsidiaries of the Parent designated from time to time as material entities for resolution planning purposes or identified from time to time as related support entities in our resolution plan, the IHC may be restricted from making dividend payments to the Parent if certain liquidity and/or capital metrics fall below defined triggers or if the Parent’s board of directors authorizes it to file a case under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Also, our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary’s liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary’s creditors.

For additional information, see the “Regulation and Supervision – Dividend Restrictions” and “– Holding Company Structure” sections in our 2022 Form 10-K and to Note 25 (Regulatory Capital Requirements and Other Restrictions) to Financial Statements in this Report.

REGULATORY RISKS

Current and future legislation and/or regulation could require us to change certain of our business practices, reduce our revenue and earnings, impose additional costs on us or otherwise adversely affect our business operations and/or competitive position.
  Our parent company, our subsidiary banks and many of our nonbank subsidiaries such as those related to our brokerage business, are subject to significant and extensive regulation under state and federal laws in the U.S., as well as the applicable laws of the various jurisdictions outside of the U.S. where they conduct business. These regulations generally protect depositors, federal deposit insurance funds, consumers, investors, employees, or the banking and financial system as a whole, not necessarily our security holders. Economic, market and political conditions during the past few years have led to a significant amount of legislation and regulation in the U.S. and abroad affecting the financial services industry, as well as heightened expectations and scrutiny of financial services companies from banking regulators. These laws and regulations may continue to affect the manner in which we do business and the products and services that we provide, affect or restrict our ability to compete in our current businesses or our ability to enter into or acquire new businesses, reduce or limit our revenue, affect our compliance and risk management activities, increase our capital requirements, impose additional fees, assessments or taxes on us, intensify the regulatory supervision of us and the financial services industry, and adversely affect our business operations or have other negative consequences. Our businesses and revenue in non-U.S. jurisdictions are also subject to risks from political, economic and social developments in 

72

Wells Fargo & Company

those jurisdictions, including sanctions or business restrictions, asset freezes or confiscation, unfavorable political or diplomatic developments, or financial or social instability. In addition, greater government oversight and scrutiny of Wells Fargo, as well as financial services companies generally, has increased our operational and compliance costs as we must continue to devote substantial resources to enhancing our procedures and controls and meeting heightened regulatory standards and expectations. Any failure to meet regulatory requirements, standards or expectations, either in the U.S. or in non-U.S. jurisdictions, could continue to result in significant fees, penalties, restrictions on our ability to engage in certain business activities, or other adverse consequences.

Our consumer businesses, including our mortgage, auto, credit card and other consumer lending and non-lending businesses, are subject to numerous and, in many cases, highly complex consumer protection laws and regulations, as well as enhanced regulatory scrutiny and more and expanded regulatory examinations and/or investigations. In particular, the CFPB’s rules may continue to increase our compliance costs and require changes in our business practices, which could limit or negatively affect the products and services that we offer our customers. If we fail to meet enhanced regulatory requirements and expectations with respect to our consumer businesses, we may be subject to increased costs, fines, penalties, restrictions on our business activities including the products and services we can provide, and/or harm to our reputation.

In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act established a comprehensive framework for regulating over-the-counter derivatives, and the CFTC, SEC, and other federal regulatory agencies have adopted rules regulating swaps, security-based swaps, and derivatives activities. These rules may continue to negatively impact customer demand for over-the-counter derivatives, impact our ability to offer customers new derivatives or amendments to existing derivatives, and increase our costs for engaging in swaps, security-based swaps, and other derivatives activities.

We are also subject to various rules and regulations related to the prevention of financial crimes and combating terrorism, including the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001. These rules and regulations require us to, among other things, implement policies and procedures related to anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and corruption, economic sanctions, suspicious activities, currency transaction reporting and due diligence on customers. Although we have policies and procedures designed to comply with these rules and regulations, to the extent they are not fully effective or do not meet heightened regulatory standards or expectations, we may be subject to fines, penalties, restrictions on certain activities, reputational harm, or other adverse consequences.

Our businesses are also subject to laws and regulations enacted by U.S. and non-U.S. regulators and governmental authorities relating to the privacy of the information of customers, employees and others. These laws and regulations, among other things, increase our compliance obligations; have a significant impact on our businesses’ collection, processing, sharing, use, and retention of personal data and reporting of data breaches; and provide for significantly increased penalties for non-compliance.

In addition, we are subject to a number of consent orders and other regulatory actions, including a February 2018 consent order with the FRB regarding the Board’s governance and oversight of the Company, and the Company’s compliance and operational risk management program. This consent order limits the Company’s total consolidated assets as defined under the 

consent order to the level as of December 31, 2017, until certain conditions are met. This limitation could continue to adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. We are also subject to April 2018 consent orders with the CFPB and OCC regarding the Company’s compliance risk management program and past practices involving certain automobile collateral protection insurance policies and certain mortgage interest rate lock extensions. In addition, we are subject to a September 2021 consent order with the OCC regarding loss mitigation activities in the Company’s Home Lending business. Similarly, we are subject to a December 2022 consent order with the CFPB regarding multiple matters related to automobile lending, consumer deposit accounts, and mortgage lending.

Under the April 2018 consent order with the OCC, the Bank remains subject to requirements that were originally imposed in November 2016 to provide prior written notice to, and obtain non-objection from, the OCC with respect to changes in directors and senior executive officers, and remains subject to certain regulatory limitations on post-termination payments to certain individuals and employees.

The Company may be subject to further actions, including the imposition of additional consent orders, regulatory agreements or civil money penalties, by federal regulators regarding similar or other issues. Furthermore, issues or delays in satisfying the requirements of a regulatory action could affect our progress on others, and failure to satisfy the requirements of a regulatory action on a timely basis could result in additional penalties, enforcement actions, and other negative consequences, which could be significant. For example, in September 2021, the OCC assessed a $250 million civil money penalty against the Company related to insufficient progress in addressing requirements under the OCC’s April 2018 consent order and loss mitigation activities in the Company’s Home Lending business. Compliance with the February 2018 FRB consent order, the April 2018 CFPB and OCC consent orders, the September 2021 OCC consent order, the December 2022 CFPB consent order, and any other consent orders or regulatory actions, as well as the implementation of their requirements, may continue to increase the Company’s costs, require the Company to reallocate resources away from growing its existing businesses, subject the Company to business restrictions, negatively impact the Company’s capital and liquidity, and require the Company to undergo significant changes to its business, operations, products and services, and risk management practices. For additional information on the Company’s consent orders, see the “Overview” section in this Report.

Other future regulatory initiatives that could significantly affect our business include proposals to reform the housing finance market in the United States. These proposals, among other things, consider ending the conservatorships of the GSEs and reducing or eliminating over time the role of the GSEs in buying mortgage loans or guaranteeing mortgage-backed securities (MBS), as well as the implementation of reforms relating to borrowers, lenders, and investors in the mortgage market. The extent and timing of any regulatory reform or the adoption of any legislation regarding the GSEs and/or the home mortgage market, as well as any effect on the Company’s business and financial results, are uncertain.

Any other future legislation and/or regulation, if adopted, also could significantly change our regulatory environment and increase our cost of doing business, limit the activities we may pursue or affect the competitive balance among banks, savings associations, credit unions, and other financial services 

Wells Fargo & Company

73

Risk Factors 
(continued)

companies, and have a material adverse effect on our financial results and condition.

For additional information on the significant regulations and regulatory oversight initiatives that have affected or may affect our business, see the “Regulatory Matters” section in this Report and the “Regulation and Supervision” section in our 2022 Form 10-K.

We could be subject to more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements or restrictions on our growth, activities or operations if regulators determine that our resolution or recovery plan is deficient.
 Pursuant to rules adopted by the FRB and the FDIC, Wells Fargo prepares and periodically submits resolution plans, also known as “living wills,” designed to facilitate our rapid and orderly resolution in the event of material financial distress or failure. There can be no assurance that the FRB or FDIC will respond favorably to the Company’s resolution plans.

If the FRB and/or FDIC determine that a resolution plan has deficiencies, they may impose more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements on us or restrict our growth, activities or operations until we adequately remedy the deficiencies. If the FRB and/or FDIC ultimately determine that we have been unable to remedy any deficiencies, they could require us to divest certain assets or operations.

In addition to our resolution plans, we must also prepare and periodically submit to the FRB a recovery plan that identifies a range of options that we may consider during times of idiosyncratic or systemic economic stress to remedy any

financial weaknesses and restore market confidence without extraordinary government support. The Bank must also prepare and periodically submit to the OCC a recovery plan. If either the FRB or the OCC determines that our recovery plan is deficient, they may impose fines, restrictions on our business or ultimately require us to divest assets.

Our security holders may suffer losses in a resolution of Wells Fargo even if creditors of our subsidiaries are paid in full.
 If Wells Fargo were to fail, it may be resolved in a bankruptcy proceeding or, if certain conditions are met, under the resolution regime created by the Dodd-Frank Act known as the “orderly liquidation authority,” which allows for the appointment of the FDIC as receiver. The FDIC’s orderly liquidation authority requires that security holders of a company in receivership bear all losses before U.S. taxpayers are exposed to any losses. There are substantial differences in the rights of creditors between the orderly liquidation authority and the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, including the right of the FDIC to disregard the strict priority of creditor claims under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in certain circumstances and the use of an administrative claims procedure instead of a judicial procedure to determine creditors’ claims.

The strategy described in our most recent resolution plan is a single point of entry strategy, in which the Parent would be the only material legal entity to enter resolution proceedings. However, the strategy described in our resolution plan is not binding in the event of an actual resolution of Wells Fargo.

To facilitate the orderly resolution of the Company, we entered into the Support Agreement, pursuant to which the Parent transferred a significant amount of its assets to the IHC and will continue to transfer assets to the IHC from time to time. In the event of our material financial distress or failure, the IHC will be obligated to use the transferred assets to provide capital and/or liquidity to the Bank and certain other direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Parent. Under the Support Agreement, the IHC will provide funding and liquidity to the Parent through subordinated notes and a committed line of credit. If certain 

liquidity and/or capital metrics fall below defined triggers, or if the Parent’s board of directors authorizes it to file a case under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, the subordinated notes would be forgiven, the committed line of credit would terminate, and the IHC’s ability to pay dividends to the Parent would be restricted, any of which could materially and adversely impact the Parent’s liquidity and its ability to satisfy its debts and other obligations, and could result in the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings by the Parent at an earlier time than might have otherwise occurred if the Support Agreement were not implemented.

Any resolution of the Company will likely impose losses on shareholders, unsecured debt holders and other creditors of the Parent, while the Parent’s subsidiaries may continue to operate. Creditors of some or all of our subsidiaries may receive significant or full recoveries on their claims, while the Parent’s security holders could face significant or complete losses. This outcome may arise whether the Company is resolved under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or by the FDIC under the orderly liquidation authority, and whether the resolution is conducted using a single point of entry strategy or using a multiple point of entry strategy, in which the Parent and one or more of its subsidiaries would each undergo separate resolution proceedings. Furthermore, in a single point of entry or multiple point of entry strategy, losses at some or all of our subsidiaries could be transferred to the Parent and borne by the Parent’s security holders. Moreover, if either resolution strategy proved to be unsuccessful, our security holders could face greater losses than if the strategy had not been implemented.

For additional information, see the “Regulatory Matters – ‘Living Will’ Requirements and Related Matters” section in this Report.

Bank regulations and rules may require higher capital and liquidity levels, limiting our ability to pay common stock dividends, repurchase our common stock, invest in our business, or provide loans or other products and services to our customers
.  The Company and each of our insured depository institutions are subject to various regulatory capital adequacy requirements administered by federal banking regulators. In particular, the Company is subject to rules issued by federal banking regulators to implement Basel III risk-based capital requirements for U.S. banking organizations. These capital rules, among other things, establish required minimum ratios relating capital to different categories of assets and exposures. Federal banking regulators have also imposed a leverage ratio and a supplementary leverage ratio on large BHCs like Wells Fargo and our insured depository institutions. The FRB has also finalized rules to address the amount of equity and unsecured long-term debt a U.S. G-SIB must hold to improve its resolvability and resiliency, often referred to as total loss absorbing capacity (TLAC). Similarly, federal banking regulators have issued final rules that implement a liquidity coverage ratio and a net stable funding ratio. 

In addition, as part of its obligation to impose enhanced capital and risk-management standards on large financial firms pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the FRB has issued a capital plan rule that establishes capital planning and other requirements that govern capital distributions, including dividends and share repurchases, by certain BHCs, including Wells Fargo. The FRB has also finalized a number of regulations implementing enhanced prudential requirements for large BHCs like Wells Fargo regarding risk-based capital and leverage, risk and liquidity management, single counterparty credit limits, and 

74

Wells Fargo & Company

imposing debt-to-equity limits on any BHC that regulators determine poses a grave threat to the financial stability of the United States. The FRB and OCC have also finalized rules implementing stress testing requirements for large BHCs and national banks. In addition, the FRB has proposed a rule to establish remediation requirements for large BHCs experiencing financial distress and has proposed additional requirements regarding effective risk management practices at large BHCs, including its expectations for boards of directors and senior management. The OCC, under separate authority, has also established heightened governance and risk management standards for large national banks, such as the Bank.

The Basel standards and federal regulatory capital, leverage, liquidity, TLAC, capital planning, and other requirements may limit or otherwise restrict how we utilize our capital, including common stock dividends and stock repurchases, and may require us to increase our capital and/or liquidity. Any requirement that we increase our regulatory capital, regulatory capital ratios or liquidity, including due to changes in regulatory requirements, such as through the adoption or implementation of new or revised Basel standards, or as a result of business growth, acquisitions or a change in our risk profile, could require us to liquidate assets or otherwise change our business, product offerings and/or investment plans, which may negatively affect our financial results. Although not currently anticipated, new capital requirements and/or our regulators may require us to raise additional capital in the future. Issuing additional common stock may dilute the ownership of existing stockholders. In addition, federal banking regulations may continue to increase our compliance costs as well as limit our ability to invest in our business or provide loans or other products and services to our customers. 

For additional information, see the “Capital Management,” “Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management – Liquidity Risk and Funding – Liquidity Standards,” and “Regulatory Matters” sections in this Report and the “Regulation and Supervision” section in our 2022 Form 10-K.

FRB policies, including policies on interest rates, can significantly affect business and economic conditions and our financial results and condition. 
 The FRB regulates the supply of money in the United States. Its policies determine in large part our cost of funds for lending and investing and the return we earn on those loans and investments, both of which affect our net interest income and net interest margin. The FRB’s interest rate policies also can materially affect the value of financial instruments we hold, such as debt securities and MSRs. In addition, its policies can affect our borrowers, potentially increasing the risk that they may fail to repay their loans. Changes in FRB policies, including its target range for the federal funds rate or actions taken to increase or decrease the size of its balance sheet, are beyond our control and can be hard to predict. The FRB significantly raised its target range for the federal funds rate and has indicated it may continue to raise it in 2023 to address high inflation. As noted above, changes in the interest rate environment and yield curve which may result from the FRB’s actions could negatively affect our net interest income and net interest margin.

CREDIT RISKS

Increased credit risk, including as a result of a deterioration in economic conditions or changes in market conditions,

could require us to increase our

provision for credit losses and

allowance for credit losses

and could have a material adverse 

effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
  When we loan money or commit to loan money we incur credit risk, or the risk of losses if our borrowers do not repay their loans. As one of the largest lenders in the U.S., the credit performance of our loan portfolios significantly affects our financial results and condition. We also incur credit risk in connection with trading and other activities. As noted above, if the current economic environment were to deteriorate, more of our customers and counterparties may have difficulty in repaying their loans or other obligations which could result in a higher level of credit losses and provision for credit losses. We reserve for credit losses by establishing an allowance through a charge to earnings. The amount of this allowance is based on our assessment of credit losses inherent in our loan portfolio (including unfunded credit commitments). The process for determining the amount of the allowance is critical to our financial results and condition. It requires difficult, subjective and complex judgments about the future, including forecasts of economic or market conditions that might impair the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans. We might increase the allowance because of changing economic conditions, including falling home prices, higher unemployment or inflation, significant loan growth, changes in consumer behavior, or other market conditions that adversely affect borrowers, or other factors. Additionally, the regulatory environment or external factors, such as natural disasters, disease pandemics, political or social matters, or trade policies, also can influence recognition of credit losses in our loan portfolios and impact our allowance for credit losses.

Future allowance levels may increase or decrease based on a variety of factors, including loan balance changes, portfolio credit quality and mix changes, and changes in general economic conditions. While we believe that our allowance for credit losses was appropriate at December 31, 2022, there is no assurance that it will be sufficient to cover future credit losses. In the event of significant deterioration in economic conditions or if we experience significant loan growth, we may be required to build reserves in future periods, which would reduce our earnings.

For additional information, see the “Risk Management – Credit Risk Management” and “Critical Accounting Policies – Allowance for Credit Losses” sections in this Report.

We may have more credit risk and higher credit losses to the extent our loans are concentrated by loan type, industry segment, borrower type, or location of the borrower or collateral.
  Our credit risk and credit losses can increase if our loans are concentrated to borrowers engaged in the same or similar activities or to borrowers who individually or as a group may be uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic or market conditions. Similarly, challenging economic or market conditions, or trade policies, affecting a particular industry or geography may also impact related or dependent industries or the ability of borrowers living in such affected areas or working in such industries to meet their financial obligations. We experienced the effect of concentration risk in 2009 and 2010 when we incurred greater than expected losses in our residential real estate loan portfolio due to a housing slowdown and greater than expected deterioration in residential real estate values in many markets, including the Central Valley California market and several Southern California metropolitan statistical areas. As California is our largest banking state in terms of loans and deposits, deterioration in real estate values and underlying economic conditions in those markets or elsewhere in California could result in materially higher credit losses. In addition, changes in consumer behavior or other market conditions may adversely affect borrowers in certain industries or sectors, which may 

Wells Fargo & Company

75

Risk Factors 
(continued)

increase our credit risk and reduce the demand by these borrowers for our products and services. Moreover, deterioration in macro-economic conditions generally across the country could result in materially higher credit losses, including for our residential real estate loan portfolio, which includes nonconforming mortgage loans we retain on our balance sheet. We may experience higher delinquencies and higher loss rates as our consumer real estate secured lines of credit reach their contractual end of draw period and begin to amortize.

We are currently one of the largest CRE lenders in the U.S.

A deterioration in economic conditions that negatively affects the business performance of our CRE borrowers, including increases in interest rates, declines in commercial property values, and/or changes in consumer behavior or other market conditions, such as a continued decrease in the demand for office space, could result in materially higher credit losses and have a material adverse effect on our financial results and condition. 

Challenges and/or changes in non-U.S. economic conditions may increase our non-U.S. credit risk. Economic difficulties in non-U.S. jurisdictions could also indirectly have a material adverse effect on our credit performance and results of operations and financial condition to the extent they negatively affect the U.S. economy and/or our borrowers who have non-U.S. operations. 

Due to regulatory requirements, we must clear certain derivative transactions through central counterparty clearinghouses (CCPs), which results in credit exposure to these CCPs. Similarly, because we are a member of various CCPs, we may be required to pay a portion of any losses incurred by the CCP in the event that one or more members of the CCP defaults on its obligations. In addition, we are exposed to the risk of non-performance by our clients for which we clear transactions through CCPs to the extent such non-performance is not sufficiently covered by available collateral.

For additional information regarding credit risk, see the “Risk Management – Credit Risk Management” section and

Note 5 (Loans and Related Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this Report.

OPERATIONAL, STRATEGIC AND LEGAL RISKS

A failure in or breach of our operational or security systems, controls or infrastructure, or those of our third-party vendors and other service providers, could disrupt our businesses, damage our reputation, increase our costs and cause losses.

As a large financial institution that serves customers through numerous physical locations, ATMs, the internet, mobile banking and other distribution channels across the U.S. and internationally, we depend on our ability to process, record and monitor a large number of customer transactions on a continuous basis. As our customer base and locations have expanded throughout the U.S. and internationally, as we have increasingly used the internet and mobile banking to provide products and services to our customers, as customer, public, legislative and regulatory expectations regarding operational and information security have increased, and as cyber and other information security attacks have become more prevalent and complex, our operational systems, controls and infrastructure must continue to be safeguarded and monitored for potential failures, disruptions and breakdowns. Our business, financial, accounting, data processing systems or other operating systems and facilities may stop operating properly, become insufficient based on our evolving business needs, or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control. For example, there 

have been and could in the future be sudden increases in customer transaction volume; electrical or telecommunications outages; degradation or loss of internet, website or mobile banking availability; natural disasters such as earthquakes, tornados, and hurricanes; disease pandemics; events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts; and, as described below, cyber attacks or other information security incidents. Furthermore, enhancements and upgrades to our infrastructure or operating systems may be time-consuming, entail significant costs, and create risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones. Due to the complexity and interconnectedness of our systems, the process of enhancing our infrastructure and operating systems, including their security measures and controls, can itself create a risk of system disruptions and security issues. Similarly, we may not be able to timely recover critical business processes or operations that have been disrupted, which may further increase any associated costs and consequences of such disruptions. Although we have business continuity plans and other safeguards in place to help provide operational resiliency, our business operations may be adversely affected by significant and widespread disruption to our physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our businesses and customers. For example, on February 7, 2019, we experienced system issues caused by an automatic power shutdown at one of our main data center facilities. Although applications and related workloads were systematically re-routed to back-up data centers throughout the day, certain of our services, including our online and mobile banking systems, certain mortgage origination systems, and certain ATM functions, experienced disruptions that delayed service to our customers. 

As a result of financial institutions and technology systems becoming more interconnected and complex, any operational incident at a third party may increase the risk of loss or material impact to us or the financial industry as a whole. Furthermore, third parties on which we rely, including those that facilitate our business activities or to which we outsource operations, such as exchanges, clearing houses, financial intermediaries or vendors that provide services or security solutions for our operations, could continue to be sources of operational risk to us, including from information breaches or loss, breakdowns, disruptions or failures of their own systems or infrastructure, or any deficiencies in the performance of their responsibilities. These risks are heightened to the extent we rely on a single third party or on third parties in a single geographic area. We are also exposed to the risk that a disruption or other operational incident at a common service provider to our third parties could impede their ability to provide services or perform their responsibilities for us. In addition, we must meet regulatory requirements and expectations regarding our use of third-party service providers, and any failure by our third-party service providers to meet their obligations to us or to comply with applicable laws, rules, regulations, or Wells Fargo policies could result in fines, penalties, restrictions on our business, or other negative consequences. 

Disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure, controls or operating systems that support our businesses and customers, failures of the third parties on which we rely to adequately or appropriately provide their services or perform their responsibilities, or our failure to effectively manage or oversee our third-party relationships, could result in business disruptions, loss of revenue or customers, legal or regulatory proceedings, compliance and other costs, violations of applicable privacy and other laws, reputational damage, or other adverse 

76

Wells Fargo & Company

consequences, any of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.

A cyber attack or other information security incident could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or reputation.
  Information security risks for large financial institutions such as Wells Fargo have generally increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet, mobile devices, and cloud technologies to conduct financial transactions, the increase in remote work arrangements, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, activists, and other external parties, including foreign state-sponsored parties. Those parties also may continue to attempt to misrepresent personal or financial information to commit fraud, obtain loans or other financial products from us, or attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, or other users of our systems to disclose confidential, proprietary, or other information to gain access to our data or that of our customers. Geopolitical matters, such as the conflict in Ukraine, may also elevate the risk of an information security threat, particularly by foreign state-sponsored parties or their supporters. As noted above, our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential, proprietary, and other information in our computer systems and networks. Our banking, brokerage, investment advisory, and capital markets businesses rely on our digital technologies, computer and email systems, software, hardware, and networks to conduct their operations. In addition, to access our products and services, our customers may use personal smartphones, tablets, and other mobile devices that are beyond our control systems. Our technologies, systems, software, networks, and our customers’ devices continue to be the target of cyber attacks or other information security threats, which could materially adversely affect us, including as a result of fraudulent activity, the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of Wells Fargo’s or our customers’ confidential, proprietary and other information, or the disruption of Wells Fargo’s or our customers’ or other third parties’ business operations. For example, various retailers have reported they were victims of cyber attacks in which large amounts of their customers’ data, including debit and credit card information, was obtained. In these situations, we generally incur costs to replace compromised cards and address fraudulent transaction activity affecting our customers. We are also exposed to the risk that an employee or other person acting on behalf of the Company fails to comply with applicable policies and procedures and inappropriately circumvents information security controls for personal gain or other improper purposes.

Due to the increasing interconnectedness and complexity of financial institutions and technology systems, an information security incident at a third party or a third party’s downstream service providers may increase the risk of loss or material impact to us or the financial industry as a whole. In addition, third parties (including their downstream service providers) on which we rely, including those that facilitate our business activities or to which we outsource operations, such as internet, mobile technology, hardware, software, and cloud service providers, continue to be sources of information security risk to us. We could suffer material harm, including business disruptions, losses or remediation costs, reputational damage, legal or regulatory proceedings, or other adverse consequences as a result of the failure of those third parties to adequately or appropriately safeguard their technologies, systems, networks, hardware, and software, or as a result of our or our customers’ data being 

compromised due to information security incidents affecting those third parties.

Our risk and exposure to information security threats remains heightened because of, among other things, the persistent and evolving nature of these threats, the prominent size and scale of Wells Fargo and its role in the financial services industry, our plans to continue to implement our digital and mobile banking channel strategies and develop additional remote connectivity solutions to serve our customers when and how they want to be served, our geographic footprint and international presence, the outsourcing of some of our business operations, and the current global economic and political environment. For example, Wells Fargo and other financial institutions, as well as our third-party service providers, continue to be the target of various evolving and adaptive information security threats, including cyber attacks, malware, ransomware, other malicious software intended to exploit hardware or software vulnerabilities, phishing, credential validation, and distributed denial-of-service, in an effort to disrupt the operations of financial institutions, test their cybersecurity capabilities, commit fraud, or obtain confidential, proprietary or other information. Cyber attacks have also focused on targeting online applications and services, such as online banking, as well as cloud-based and other products and services provided by third parties, and have targeted the infrastructure of the internet, causing the widespread unavailability of websites and degrading website performance. As a result, information security and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes and systems designed to protect our networks, computers, software and data from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a priority for Wells Fargo. We are also proactively involved in industry cybersecurity efforts and working with other parties, including our third-party service providers and governmental agencies, to continue to enhance defenses and improve resiliency to information security threats. As these threats continue to evolve, we expect to continue to be required to expend significant resources to develop and enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities or incidents. Because the investigation of any information security breach is inherently unpredictable and would require time to complete, we may not be able to immediately address the consequences of a breach, which may further increase any associated costs and consequences. Moreover, to the extent our insurance covers aspects of information security risk, such insurance may not be sufficient to cover all liabilities or losses associated with an information security breach.

Cyber attacks or other information security incidents affecting us or third parties (including their downstream service providers) on which we rely, including those that facilitate our business activities or to which we outsource operations, or affecting the networks, systems or devices that our customers use to access our products and services, could result in business disruptions, loss of revenue or customers, legal or regulatory proceedings, compliance, remediation and other costs, violations of applicable privacy and other laws, reputational damage, or other adverse consequences, any of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.

Our framework for managing risks may not be fully effective in mitigating risk and loss to us.
  Our risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss to us. We have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report and analyze the types of risk to which we are subject, including liquidity risk, credit risk, market risk, interest 

Wells Fargo & Company

77

Risk Factors 
(continued)

rate risk, operational risk, legal and compliance risk, and reputational risk, among others. However, as with any risk management framework, there are inherent limitations to our risk management strategies as there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that we have not appropriately anticipated, identified or managed. Our risk management framework is also dependent on ensuring that effective operational controls and a sound culture exist throughout the Company. The inability to develop effective operational controls or to foster the appropriate culture in each of our lines of business, including the inability to align performance management and compensation to achieve the desired culture, could adversely impact the effectiveness of our risk management framework. Similarly, if we are unable to effectively manage our business or operations, we may be exposed to increased risks or unexpected losses. We process a large number of transactions each day and are exposed to risks or losses if we do not accurately or completely execute a process or transaction, whether due to human error or otherwise; if we are unable to detect and prevent fraudulent activity; or if an employee or third-party service provider fails to comply with applicable policies and procedures, inappropriately circumvents controls, or engages in other misconduct. 

In certain instances, we rely on models to measure, monitor and predict risks, such as market, interest rate, liquidity and credit risks, as well as to help inform business decisions; however, there is no assurance that these models will appropriately or sufficiently capture all relevant risks or accurately predict future events or exposures. Furthermore, certain of our models are subject to regulatory review and approval, and any failure to meet regulatory standards or expectations could result in fines, penalties, restrictions on our ability to engage in certain business activities, or other adverse consequences, and any required modifications or changes to these models can impact our capital ratios and requirements and result in increased operational and compliance costs.

In addition, we rely on data to aggregate and assess our various risk exposures and business activities, and any issues with the quality or effectiveness of our data, including our aggregation, management, and validation procedures, could result in ineffective risk management practices, business decisions or customer service, inefficient use of resources, or inaccurate regulatory or other risk reporting. We also use artificial intelligence to help further inform or automate our business decisions and risk management practices, but there is no assurance that artificial intelligence will appropriately or sufficiently replicate certain outcomes or human assessment or accurately predict future events or exposures. Previous financial and credit crises and resulting regulatory reforms highlighted both the importance and some of the limitations of managing unanticipated risks, and our regulators remain focused on ensuring that financial institutions, and Wells Fargo in particular, build and maintain robust risk management policies and practices. If our risk management framework proves ineffective, we could suffer unexpected losses which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.

We may be exposed to additional legal or regulatory proceedings, costs, and other adverse consequences related to retail sales practices and instances where customers may have experienced financial harm. 
 Various government entities and offices have undertaken formal or informal inquiries or investigations arising out of certain retail sales practices of the Company that were the subject of settlements with the CFPB, the OCC, and the Office of the Los Angeles City Attorney announced by the Company on September 8, 2016, and various non-governmental parties filed lawsuits against us seeking 

damages or other remedies related to these retail sales practices. The Company has entered into various settlements to resolve these investigations and proceedings, as a result of which we have incurred monetary penalties, costs, and business restrictions. If we are unable to meet any ongoing obligations under these settlements, we may incur additional monetary or other penalties or be required to make admissions of wrongdoing and comply with other conditions, which can lead to restrictions on our ability to engage in certain business activities or offer certain products or services, limitations on our ability to access capital markets, limitations on capital distributions, the loss of customers, and/or other adverse consequences. Any inability to meet our ongoing obligations under these settlements, depending on the sanctions and remedy sought and granted, could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, negative publicity or public opinion resulting from these matters may increase the risk of reputational harm to our business, which can impact our ability to keep and attract customers, affect our ability to attract and retain qualified employees, result in the loss of revenue, or have other material adverse effects on our results of operations and financial condition.

Furthermore, we have identified and may in the future identify areas or instances where customers may have experienced financial harm, including as a result of our continuing efforts to strengthen our risk and control infrastructure. For example, we have identified certain issues related to past practices involving certain automobile collateral protection insurance policies and certain issues related to the unused portion of guaranteed automobile protection waiver or insurance agreements. The identification of such areas or instances where customers may have experienced financial harm could lead to, and in some cases has already resulted in, additional remediation costs, loss of revenue or customers, legal or regulatory proceedings, compliance and other costs, reputational damage, or other adverse consequences.

For additional information, see the “Overview – Retail Sales Practices Matters” and “Overview – Customer Remediation Activities” sections and Note 13 (Legal Actions) to Financial Statements in this Report.

We may incur fines, penalties and other negative consequences from regulatory violations or from any failure to meet regulatory standards or expectations. 
 We maintain systems and procedures designed to ensure that we comply with applicable laws and regulations. However, we are subject to heightened compliance and regulatory oversight and expectations, particularly due to the evolving and increasingly complex regulatory landscape we operate in. We are also subject to consent orders and other regulatory actions that subject us to various conditions and restrictions. In addition, a single event or issue may give rise to numerous and overlapping investigations and proceedings, either by multiple federal and state agencies in the U.S. or by multiple regulators and other governmental entities in different jurisdictions. Similarly, regulators may be more likely to pursue investigations or proceedings against us to the extent that we are or have previously been subject to other regulatory actions. Also, the laws and regulations in jurisdictions in which we operate may be different or even conflict with each other, such as differences between U.S. federal and state law or differences between U.S. and non-U.S. laws as to the products and services we may offer or other business activities we may engage in, which can lead to compliance difficulties or issues. Furthermore, many legal and regulatory regimes require us to report transactions and other information to regulators and 

78

Wells Fargo & Company

other governmental authorities, self-regulatory organizations, exchanges, clearing houses and customers. We may be subject to fines, penalties, restrictions on our business, or other negative consequences if we do not timely, completely, or accurately provide regulatory reports, customer notices or disclosures. Moreover, some legal/regulatory frameworks provide for the imposition of fines or penalties for noncompliance even though the noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional and even though there were systems and procedures in place at the time designed to ensure compliance. For example, we are subject to regulations issued by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) that prohibit financial institutions from participating in the transfer of property belonging to the governments of certain non-U.S. countries and designated nationals of those countries. OFAC may impose penalties or restrictions on certain activities for inadvertent or unintentional violations even if reasonable processes are in place to prevent the violations. Any violation of these or other applicable laws or regulatory requirements, even if inadvertent or unintentional, or any failure to meet regulatory standards or expectations, including any failure to satisfy the conditions of any consent orders or other regulatory actions, could result in significant fees, penalties, restrictions on our ability to engage in certain business activities, reputational harm, loss of customers, or other negative consequences.

Reputational harm, including as a result of our actual or alleged conduct or public opinion of the financial services industry generally, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
  Reputation risk, or the risk to our business, earnings and capital from negative public opinion, is inherent in our business and has increased substantially because of our size and profile in the financial services industry, sales practices related matters, and instances where customers may have experienced financial harm. Negative public opinion about the financial services industry generally or Wells Fargo specifically could adversely affect our reputation and our ability to keep and attract customers. Negative public opinion could result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including sales practices; mortgage, auto or other consumer lending practices; loan origination or servicing activities; mortgage foreclosure actions; management of client accounts or investments; lending, investing or other business relationships; identification and management of potential conflicts of interest from transactions, obligations and interests with and among our customers; environmental, social and governance practices; regulatory compliance; risk management; incentive compensation practices; and disclosure, sharing or inadequate protection or improper use of customer information, and from actions taken by government regulators and community or other organizations in response to that conduct. Although we have policies and procedures in place intended to detect and prevent conduct by employees and third-party service providers that could potentially harm customers or our reputation, there is no assurance that such policies and procedures will be fully effective in preventing such conduct. Furthermore, our actual or perceived failure to address or prevent any such conduct or otherwise to effectively manage our business or operations could result in significant reputational harm. In addition, because we conduct most of our businesses under the “Wells Fargo” brand, negative public opinion about one business also could affect our other businesses. Moreover, actions by the financial services industry generally or by certain members or individuals in the industry also can adversely affect our reputation. The proliferation of social media websites utilized by Wells Fargo and other third parties, as well as the personal use 

of social media by our employees and others, including personal blogs and social network profiles, also may increase the risk that negative, inappropriate or unauthorized information may be posted or released publicly that could harm our reputation or have other negative consequences, including as a result of our employees interacting with our customers in an unauthorized manner in various social media outlets.

Wells Fargo and other financial institutions have been targeted from time to time by protests and demonstrations, which have included disrupting the operation of our retail banking locations, and have been subject to negative public commentary, including with respect to the fees charged for various products and services. Wells Fargo and other financial institutions have also been subject to negative publicity as a result of providing or reducing financial services to or making investments in industries or organizations subject to stakeholder concerns. There can be no assurance that continued protests or negative public opinion of the Company specifically or large financial institutions generally will not harm our reputation and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

If we are unable to develop and execute effective business plans or strategies or manage change effectively, our competitive standing and results of operations could suffer. 
In order to advance our business goals, we may undertake business plans or strategies related to, among other things, our organizational structure, our compliance and risk management framework, our expenses and efficiency, the types of products and services we offer, the types of businesses we engage in, the geographies in which we operate, the manner in which we serve our clients and customers, the third parties with which we do business, and the methods and distribution channels by which we offer our products and services. Accomplishing these business plans or strategies may be complex, time intensive, require significant financial, technological, management and other resources, may divert management attention and resources away from other areas of the Company, and may impact our expenses and ability to generate revenue. There is no guarantee that any business plans or strategies, including our current efficiency initiatives, will ultimately be successful. To the extent we are unable to develop or execute effective business plans or strategies or manage change effectively, our competitive position, reputation, prospects for growth, and results of operations may be adversely affected.

In addition, from time to time, we may decide to divest certain businesses or assets. Difficulties in executing a divestiture may cause us not to realize any expected cost savings or other benefits from the divestiture, or may result in higher than expected losses of employees or harm our ability to retain customers. The divestiture or winding down of certain businesses or assets may also result in the impairment of goodwill or other long-lived assets related to those businesses or assets.

Similarly, we may explore opportunities to expand our products, services, and assets through strategic acquisitions of companies or businesses in the financial services industry. We generally must receive federal regulatory approvals before we can acquire a bank, bank holding company, or certain other financial services businesses. We cannot be certain when or if, or on what terms and conditions, any required regulatory approvals will be granted. We might be required to sell banks, branches and/or business units or assets or issue additional equity as a condition to receiving regulatory approval for an acquisition. When we do announce an acquisition, our stock price may fall depending on the size of the acquisition, the type of business to 

Wells Fargo & Company

79

Risk Factors 
(continued)

be acquired, the purchase price, and the potential dilution to existing stockholders or our earnings per share if we issue common stock in connection with the acquisition. Furthermore, difficulty in integrating an acquired company or business may cause us not to realize expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence, and other projected benefits from the acquisition. The integration could result in higher than expected deposit attrition, loss of key employees, an increase in our compliance costs or risk profile, disruption of our business or the acquired business, or otherwise harm our ability to retain customers and employees or achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. Time and resources spent on integration may also impair our ability to grow our existing businesses. Many of the foregoing risks may be increased if the acquired company or business operates internationally or in a geographic location where we do not already have significant business operations and/or employees.

Our operations and business could be adversely affected by the impacts of climate change. 
The physical effects of climate change, including the increased prevalence and severity of extreme weather events and natural disasters, such as hurricanes, droughts, and wildfires, could damage or interfere with our operations or those of our third-party service providers, which could disrupt our business, increase our costs, or cause losses. Climate change related impacts could also negatively affect the financial condition of our customers, increase the credit risk associated with those customers, or result in the deterioration of the value of the collateral we hold. In addition, changes in consumer behavior or other market conditions on account of climate considerations or due to the transition to a low carbon economy may adversely affect customers in certain industries, sectors or geographies, which may increase our credit risk and reduce the demand by these customers for our products and services. Furthermore, the transition to a low carbon economy could affect our business practices or result in additional costs or other adverse consequences to our business operations. Legislation and/or regulation in connection with climate change, as well as stakeholder perceptions and expectations related to climate change and its impacts, could require us to change certain of our business and/or risk management practices, impose additional costs on us, or otherwise adversely affect our operations and business. Moreover, our reputation may be damaged as a result of our response to climate change or our strategy for the transition to a low carbon economy, including if we are unable or perceived to be unable to achieve our objectives or if our response is disliked, disfavored, or perceived to be ineffective or insufficient. For additional information on regulatory developments in response to climate change, see the “Regulatory Matters” section in this Report.

We are exposed to potential financial loss or other adverse consequences from legal actions.
  Wells Fargo and some of its subsidiaries are involved in judicial, regulatory, governmental, arbitration, and other proceedings or investigations concerning matters arising from the conduct of our business activities, and many of those proceedings and investigations expose Wells Fargo to potential financial loss or other adverse consequences. There can be no assurance as to the ultimate outcome of any of these legal actions. We establish accruals for legal actions when potential losses associated with the actions become probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. We may still incur costs for a legal action even if we have not established an accrual. In addition, the actual cost of resolving a 

legal action may be substantially higher than any amounts accrued for that action. The ultimate resolution of a pending legal proceeding or investigation, depending on the remedy sought and granted, could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

As noted above, we are subject to heightened regulatory oversight and scrutiny, which may lead to regulatory investigations, proceedings or enforcement actions. In addition to imposing potentially significant monetary penalties, business restrictions, and other sanctions, regulatory authorities may require criminal pleas or other admissions of wrongdoing and compliance with other conditions in connection with settling such matters, which can lead to reputational harm, loss of customers, restrictions on the ability to access capital markets, limitations on capital distributions, the inability to engage in certain business activities or offer certain products or services, and/or other direct and indirect adverse effects. 

For additional information, see Note 13 (Legal Actions) to Financial Statements in this Report.

MORTGAGE BUSINESS RISKS

Our mortgage banking revenue can be volatile from quarter to quarter, including from the impact of changes in interest rates, and we rely on the GSEs to purchase our conforming loans to reduce our credit risk and provide liquidity to fund new mortgage loans.
  We earn revenue from fees we receive for originating mortgage loans and for servicing mortgage loans. Changes in interest rates can affect these fees, as well as the fair value of our MSRs. When rates rise, the demand for mortgage loans usually tends to fall, reducing the revenue we receive from loan originations. Under the same conditions, revenue from our MSRs can increase due to a decline in the likelihood of prepayments, which increases the fair value of our MSRs. When rates fall, mortgage originations usually tend to increase and the value of our MSRs usually tends to decline, also with some offsetting revenue effect. Even though they can act as a “natural hedge,” the hedge is not perfect, either in amount or timing. 

We typically use derivatives and other instruments to hedge our mortgage banking interest rate risk. We may not hedge all of our risk, and we may not be successful in hedging any of the risk. Hedging is not a perfect science, and we could incur significant losses from our hedging activities.

We rely on the GSEs to purchase mortgage loans that meet their conforming loan requirements and on government insuring agencies, such as the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) and the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), to insure or guarantee loans that meet their policy requirements. If the GSEs or government insuring agencies were to limit or reduce their purchasing, insuring or guaranteeing of loans, our ability to fund, and thus originate, new mortgage loans, could be reduced. We cannot assure that the GSEs or government insuring agencies will not materially limit their purchases, insuring or guaranteeing of conforming loans or change their criteria for what constitutes a conforming loan (e.g., maximum loan amount or borrower eligibility). As noted above, there are various proposals to reform the housing finance market in the U.S., including the role of the GSEs in the housing finance market. The impact of any such regulatory reform regarding the housing finance market and the GSEs, as well as any effect on the Company’s business and financial results, are uncertain. In addition, to meet customer needs, we also originate loans that do not conform to either the GSEs’ or government insuring agencies’ standards, which are generally retained on our balance sheet and therefore do not generate sale proceeds that could be used to originate new loans.

80

Wells Fargo & Company

For additional information, see the “Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management – Mortgage Banking Interest Rate and Market Risk,” “Critical Accounting Policies – Valuation of Residential Mortgage Servicing Rights (MSRs)” and “Critical Accounting Policies – Fair Value of Financial Instruments” sections in this Report.

We may suffer losses, penalties, or other adverse consequences if we fail to satisfy our obligations with respect to the residential mortgage loans we originate or service.
 For residential mortgage loans that we originate, we could become subject to monetary damages and other civil penalties, including the loss of certain contractual payments or the inability to exercise certain remedies under the loans such as foreclosure proceedings, if it is alleged or determined that the loans were not originated in accordance with applicable laws or regulations. 

Additionally, for residential mortgage loans that we originate and sell, we may be required to repurchase the loans or indemnify or reimburse the securitization trust, investor or insurer for credit losses incurred on loans in the event of a breach of contractual representations or warranties in the agreements under which we sell the loans or in the insurance or guaranty agreements that we enter into with the FHA and VA. We establish a mortgage repurchase liability that reflects management’s estimate of losses for loans for which we have a repurchase obligation. Because the level of the liability depends on economic factors and other external conditions, the level of the liability is difficult to estimate, requires considerable management judgment, and is subject to change. If economic conditions or the housing market worsen, we could have increased repurchase obligations and increased loss severity on repurchases, requiring significant additions to the repurchase liability.

Furthermore, if we fail to satisfy our servicing obligations for the mortgage loans we service, we may be terminated as servicer or master servicer, required to indemnify the securitization trustee against losses, and/or contractually obligated to repurchase a mortgage loan or reimburse investors for credit losses, any of which could significantly reduce our net servicing income.

We may also incur costs, liabilities to borrowers and/or securitization investors, legal proceedings, or other adverse consequences if we fail to meet our servicing obligations, including with respect to mortgage foreclosure actions or if we experience delays in the foreclosure process. Our net servicing income and the fair value of our MSRs may be negatively affected to the extent our servicing costs increase because of higher foreclosure or other servicing related costs. In addition, we may continue to be subject to fines, business restrictions, and other sanctions imposed by federal or state regulators as a result of actual or perceived deficiencies in our mortgage servicing practices, including with respect to our foreclosure practices, our loss mitigation activities such as loan modifications or forbearances, or our servicing of flood zone properties. Any of these actions may harm our reputation, negatively affect our residential mortgage origination or servicing business, or result in material fines, penalties, equitable remedies, or other enforcement actions. We may also face risks, including regulatory, compliance, and market risks, as we pursue our previously announced plans to reduce the amount of residential mortgage loans we service. 

For additional information, see the “Overview,” “Risk Management – Credit Risk Management – Mortgage Banking Activities,” and “Critical Accounting Policies – Valuation of Residential Mortgage Servicing Rights” sections and Note 13 

(Legal Actions) and Note 18 (Pledged Assets and Collateral) to Financial Statements in this Report.

COMPETITIVE RISKS

We face significant and increasing competition in the rapidly evolving financial services industry.

We compete with other financial institutions in a highly competitive industry that is undergoing significant changes as a result of financial regulatory reform, technological advances, increased public scrutiny, and current economic conditions. Our success depends on, among other things, our ability to develop and maintain deep and enduring relationships with our customers based on the quality of our customer service, the wide variety of products and services that we can offer our customers and the ability of those products and services to satisfy our customers’ needs and preferences, the pricing of our products and services, the extensive distribution channels available for our customers, our innovation, and our reputation. Continued or increased competition in any one or all of these areas may negatively affect our customer relationships, market share and results of operations and/or cause us to increase our capital investment in our businesses in order to remain competitive. In addition, our ability to reposition or reprice our products and services from time to time may be limited and could be influenced significantly by the current economic, regulatory and political environment for large financial institutions as well as by the actions of our competitors. Furthermore, any changes in the types of products and services that we offer our customers and/or the pricing for those products and services could result in a loss of customer relationships and market share and could materially adversely affect our results of operations.

Continued technological advances and the growth of

e-commerce have made it possible for non-depository institutions to offer products and services that traditionally were banking products, and for financial institutions and other companies to provide electronic and internet-based financial solutions, including electronic securities trading, lending and payment solutions. In addition, technological advances, including digital currencies and alternative payment methods, may diminish the importance of depository institutions and other financial intermediaries in the transfer of funds between parties. We may not respond effectively to these and other competitive threats from existing and new competitors and may be forced to sell products at lower prices, increase our investment in our business to modify or adapt our existing products and services, and/or develop new products and services to respond to our customers’ needs and preferences. To the extent we are not successful in developing and introducing new products and services or responding or adapting to the competitive landscape or to changes in customer preferences, we may lose customer relationships and our revenue growth and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.

Our ability to attract and retain qualified employees is critical to the success of our business and failure to do so could adversely affect our business performance, competitive position and future prospects.
  The success of Wells Fargo is heavily dependent on the talents and efforts of our employees, including our senior leaders, and in many areas of our business, including commercial banking, brokerage, investment advisory, capital markets, risk management and technology, the competition for highly qualified personnel is intense. We also seek to retain a pipeline of employees to provide continuity of succession for our senior leadership positions. In order to attract 

Wells Fargo & Company

81

Risk Factors 
(continued)

and retain highly qualified employees, we must provide competitive compensation, benefits and work arrangements, effectively manage employee performance and development, and foster a diverse and inclusive environment. As a large financial institution and additionally to the extent we remain subject to consent orders we may be subject to limitations on compensation by our regulators that may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain these qualified employees, especially if some of our competitors may not be subject to these same compensation limitations. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain qualified employees, including successors for senior leadership positions, our business performance, competitive position and future prospects may be adversely affected.

FINANCIAL REPORTING RISKS

Changes in accounting standards, and changes in how accounting standards are interpreted or applied, could materially affect our financial results and condition.
 From time to time the FASB and the SEC update the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our external financial statements. In addition, accounting standard setters and those who interpret the accounting standards (such as the FASB, SEC, and banking regulators) may update their previous interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. Changes in financial accounting and reporting standards and changes in current interpretations may be beyond our control, can be hard to predict, and could materially affect our financial results and condition, including requiring a retrospective restatement of prior period financial statements. Similarly, any change in our accounting policies could also materially affect our financial statements. For additional information, see the “Current Accounting Developments” section in this Report.

Our financial statements require certain assumptions and estimates and rely on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Pursuant to U.S. GAAP, we are required to use certain assumptions and estimates in preparing our financial statements, including, among other items, in determining the allowance for credit losses, the liability for contingent litigation losses, and the fair value of certain assets and liabilities such as debt securities, loans held for sale, MSRs, derivative assets and liabilities, and equity securities. Several of our accounting policies are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because it is likely that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. If the assumptions or estimates underlying our financial results are incorrect or different from actual results, we could experience unexpected losses or other adverse impacts, some of which could be significant. For a description of our critical accounting policies, see the “Critical Accounting Policies” section in this Report.

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley) requires our management to evaluate the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures and its internal control over financial reporting and requires our auditors to issue a report on our internal control over financial reporting. We are required to disclose, in our annual report on Form 10-K, the existence of any “material weaknesses” in our internal controls. We cannot assure that we will not identify one or more material weaknesses as of the end of any given quarter or year, nor can we predict the effect on our reputation or stock price of disclosure of a material weakness. We could also be required to devote significant resources to remediate any material weakness. In addition, our customers may rely on the effectiveness of certain of our operational and internal controls as a service provider, and any deficiency in those controls could affect our customers and damage our reputation or business. Sarbanes-Oxley also limits the types of non-audit services our outside auditors may provide to us in order to preserve their independence from us. If our auditors were found not to be independent of us, we could be required to engage new auditors and re-file financial statements and audit reports with the SEC. We could be out of compliance with SEC rules until new financial statements and audit reports were filed, limiting our ability to raise capital and resulting in other adverse consequences.

*   *   *

Any factor described in this Report or in any of our other SEC filings could by itself, or together with other factors, adversely affect our financial results and condition. Refer to our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC in 2023 for material changes to the above discussion of risk factors. There are factors not discussed above or elsewhere in this Report that could adversely affect our financial results and condition.