.

We wish to caution you
that there are risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to
be materially different from those indicated by forward-looking statements that
we make from time to time in filings with the SEC, news releases, reports, proxy
statements, registration statements and other written communications, as well
as oral forward-looking statements made from time to time by representatives of
the Company. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the
risks described below. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known
to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business
operations. The cautionary statements below discuss important factors that
could cause our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows
to be materially adversely affected. The Company does not undertake any
obligation to update forward-looking statements.

Our
Growth Is Significantly Dependent on New Store Openings and Acquisitions

Our strategy is to expand
through a combination of new store openings and, to a lesser extent,
acquisitions of existing store locations or businesses. Successful
implementation of this strategy is contingent on numerous conditions, some of
which are described below, and there can be no assurance that this expansion
strategy can be successfully executed.

Our continued growth
depends to a significant degree on our ability to open or acquire new stores in
existing and new locations and to operate these stores successfully. Our expansion
strategy is dependent on finding suitable locations, and we face intense
competition from other retailers for such sites. There can be no assurance that
we will continue to grow through new store openings and/or acquisitions. We may
not be able to timely open new stores or operate them successfully. Also, we
may not be able to successfully hire and train new team members or integrate
those team members into the programs and policies of the Company. We may not be
able to adapt our distribution, management information and other operating
systems to adequately supply products to new stores at competitive prices so
that we can operate the stores in a successful and profitable manner.

17

Table of Contents

Our Business May be
Sensitive to Economic Conditions that Impact Consumer Spending

Our results of operations
may be sensitive to changes in overall economic conditions that impact consumer
spending, including discretionary spending. Future economic conditions
affecting disposable consumer income such as employment levels, business
conditions, changes in housing market conditions, the availability of credit,
interest rates, tax rates, fuel and energy costs, the impact of natural
disasters or acts of terrorism, and other matters could reduce consumer
spending or cause consumers to shift their spending to lower-priced
competitors. A general reduction in the level of discretionary spending or
shifts in consumer discretionary spending to our competitors could adversely
affect our growth and profitability.

We May Not
Realize the Benefits from Acquisitions Contemplated at the Time of Transaction

Risks we may face in connection
with acquisitions include being unable to successfully integrate acquired
businesses into our operations and support systems, or the operations of
acquired businesses may be adversely affected by the introduction of our
decentralized operational approach. Costs associated with integrating the
operations of acquired companies may be greater than anticipated. Also, the
integration of acquired operations into our operations requires the dedication
of management resources that may detract attention from our day-to-day business
to a degree greater than anticipated. An acquisition may not further our
business strategy as we expected, or we may pay more than the acquired company
or assets are worth. Our due diligence process may fail to identify all of the
problems, liabilities or other significant issues of an acquired company. These
risks associated with acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.

New Stores May Negatively
Impact Our Results

There can be no assurance
that our new store openings will be successful or result in greater sales and
profitability for the Company. New stores build their sales volumes and refine
their merchandise selection over time and, as a result, generally have lower
gross margins and higher operating expenses as a percentage of sales than our
more mature stores. There may be a negative impact on our results from a lower
contribution of new stores, along with the impact of related pre-opening and relocation
costs.

We May Experience
Significant Fluctuations in Our Comparable Store Sales

Our comparable store
sales could fluctuate or be lower than our historical average for many reasons
including new and acquired stores entering into the comparable store base, the
opening of new stores that cannibalize store sales in existing areas, general
economic conditions, increased competition, price changes in response to
competitive factors, possible supply shortages, and cycling against any year of
above-average sales results. Our results of operations may be materially
impacted by fluctuations in our comparable store sales as the result of lower
sales, lower gross profits and/or greater operating costs such as marketing.

We May Experience
Significant Fluctuations in Our Quarterly Operating Results

Our quarterly operating
results could fluctuate for many reasons, including losses from new stores,
variations in the mix of product sales, price changes in response to
competitive factors and a potential lack of customer acceptance, foreign
currency exchange rate fluctuations, increases in store operating costs,
including commodity costs, that are either wholly or partially beyond our
control, possible supply shortages, general economic conditions, legal costs, insurance
costs, extreme weather-related disruptions, including hurricanes and
earthquakes, and potential uninsured casualty losses or other losses. In
addition, our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly as the
result of the timing of new store openings, construction and pre-opening
expenses, the timing of acquisitions, store closures and relocations, and the
range of operating results generated from newly opened stores.
Quarter-to-quarter comparisons of results of operations have been and may be
materially impacted by the timing of new store openings.

Increased
Competition May Have an Adverse Effect on Profitability

Our competitors include
but are not limited to local, regional, national and international
supermarkets, natural food stores, warehouse membership clubs, small specialty
stores and restaurants. These businesses compete with us for products,
customers, and locations. In addition, some are expanding more aggressively in
marketing a range of natural and organic foods. Some of these potential
competitors may have been in business longer or may have greater financial or
marketing resources than we do and may be able to devote greater resources to
sourcing, promoting and selling their products. As competition in certain areas
intensifies, our results of operations may be negatively impacted through a
loss of sales, reduction in margin from competitive price changes, and/or
greater operating costs such as marketing.

Our Results Are Subject to the
Risks of Doing Business in Other Countries

In fiscal year 2008,
sales at our stores in Canada and the U.K. accounted for approximately 3% of
our total sales. Though small as a percentage of total sales, the Company’s
international operations are subject to certain risks of conducting business 

18

Table of Contents

abroad, including
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, changes in regulatory
requirements, and changes or uncertainties in the economic, social and
political conditions in the Company’s geographic areas, among other things.

Legal
Proceedings Could Materially Impact Our Results

From time to time, we are
party to legal proceedings, including matters involving personnel and
employment issues, personal injury, intellectual property, acquisitions, and
other proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. In addition, the
FTC has resumed its administrative action challenging the Company’s August 28,
2007 acquisition of Wild Oats Markets. Our results could be materially impacted
by the decisions and expenses related to pending or future proceedings.

We May Be Subject to Product
Liability Claims if People Are Harmed By the Products We Sell

There is increasing
governmental scrutiny of and public awareness regarding food safety. We believe
that many customers choose to shop our stores because of their interest in
health, nutrition and food safety. We believe that our customers hold us to a
higher food safety standard than other supermarkets. The real or perceived sale
of contaminated food products by us could result in product liability claims,
the settlement or outcome of which might have a material adverse effect on our
sales and operations.

The Loss
of Key Management Could Negatively Affect Our Business

We are dependent upon a
number of key management and other team members. If we were to lose the
services of a significant number of key team members within a short period of
time, this could have a material adverse effect on our operations. We do not
maintain key person insurance on any team member. Our continued success is also
dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified team members to meet
our future growth needs. We face intense competition for qualified team
members, many of whom are subject to offers from competing employers. We may
not be able to attract and retain necessary team members to operate our
business.

Unions May Attempt to
Organize Our Team Members

Unions have from time to
time attempted to organize all or part of our team member base at certain
stores and non-retail facilities. Responding to such organization attempts is
distracting to management and team members and may have a negative financial
impact on a store, facility or the Company as a whole.

Unfavorable Changes in Government
Regulation Could Harm Our Business

Our stores are subject to
various international, federal, state and local laws, regulations and
administrative practices affecting our business, and we must comply with
provisions regulating health and sanitation standards, food labeling, equal
employment, minimum wages and licensing for the sale of food and, in some
stores, alcoholic beverages. Our new store openings could be delayed or
prevented or our existing stores could be impacted by difficulties or failures
in our ability to obtain or maintain required approvals or licenses.

The manufacturing,
processing, formulating, packaging, labeling and advertising of products are
subject to regulation by various federal agencies including the FDA, FTC, CPSC,
USDA and EPA. The composition and labeling of nutritional supplements are most
actively regulated by the FDA under the provisions of the FFDC Act. The FFDC
Act has been revised in recent years with respect to dietary supplements by the
Nutrition Labeling and Education Act and by the Dietary Supplement Health and
Education Act.

The USDA’s Organic Rule facilitates
interstate commerce and the marketing of organically produced food and provides
assurance to our customers that such products meet consistent, uniform
standards. Compliance with this rule could pose a significant burden on
some of our suppliers, which may cause a disruption in some of our product
offerings.

We cannot predict the
nature of future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, or
determine what effect either additional government regulations or
administrative orders, when and if promulgated, or disparate federal, state and
local regulatory schemes would have on our business in the future. They could,
however, require the reformulation of certain products to meet new standards,
the recall or discontinuance of certain products not able to be reformulated,
additional record keeping, expanded documentation of the properties of certain
products, expanded or different labeling and/or scientific substantiation. Any
or all of such requirements could have an adverse effect on our results of
operations and financial condition.

A
Widespread Health Epidemic Could
Materially Impact Our Business

The Company’s business
could be severely impacted by a widespread regional, national or global health
epidemic. Our stores are a place where customers come together, interact and
learn while at the same time discovering the many joys of eating and sharing
food. A widespread health epidemic may cause customers to avoid public
gathering places or otherwise change their 

19

Table
of Contents

shopping behaviors.
Additionally, a widespread health epidemic could also adversely impact our
business by disrupting production and delivery of products to our stores and by
impacting our ability to appropriately staff our stores.

Changes in the Availability of
Quality Natural and Organic Products Could Impact Our Business

There is no assurance
that quality natural and organic products will be available to meet our future
needs. If other supermarkets significantly increase their natural and organic
product offerings or if new laws require the reformulation of certain products
to meet tougher standards, the supply of these products may be constrained. Any
significant disruption in the supply of quality natural and organic products
could have a material impact on our overall sales and cost of goods sold.

Perishable
Foods Product Losses Could Materially Impact Our Results

We believe our stores
more heavily emphasize perishable products than other supermarket stores.
Perishable products accounted for approximately 67% of total sales at Whole
Foods Market locations in fiscal year 2008. The Company’s emphasis on
perishable products may result in significant product inventory losses in the
event of extended power outages, natural disasters or other catastrophic
occurrences.

Our Stock Price Is Volatile

The market price of our
common stock could be subject to significant fluctuation in response to various
market factors and events. These market factors and events include variations
in our sales and earnings results and any failure to meet market expectations;
changes in ratings and earnings estimates by securities analysts; publicity
regarding us, our competitors, the natural products industry generally; new
statutes or regulations or changes in the interpretation of existing statutes
or regulations affecting the natural products industry specifically; sales of
substantial amounts of common stock in the public market or the perception that
such sales could occur and other factors. In addition, the stock market in
recent years has experienced broad price and volume fluctuations that often
have been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These
market fluctuations also may adversely affect the market price of our common
stock.

Future
Economic Factors Could Cause Impairment of Goodwill

Our total assets included
goodwill totaling approximately $659.6 million at September 28, 2008. In
accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”) No. 142,
“Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets”, goodwill is reviewed for impairment
annually or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. We allocate
goodwill to one reporting unit for goodwill impairment testing. As described in
“Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments” of this Report, we continue discussions
with the Staff of the SEC’s Division of Corporation Finance regarding the
Company’s goodwill impairment testing and operation as a single operating
segment. Our impairment reviews require extensive use of accounting judgment
and financial estimates. Application of alternative assumptions and
definitions, such as reviewing goodwill for impairment at a different
organization level, could produce significantly different results. We may be
required to recognize impairments of goodwill based on future economic factors
such as unfavorable changes in the Company’s stock price and market
capitalization, unfavorable changes in valuations of comparable companies, or
unfavorable changes in estimated future discounted cash flows of the Company’s
reporting unit. Impairment of goodwill could result in material charges that
would adversely affect our results of operations and capitalization.

Future Events Could Result in
Impairment of Our Long-Lived Assets

Our total assets included
long-lived assets totaling approximately $1.9 billion at September 28,
2008. In accordance with SFAS No. 144, “Accounting for the Impairment or
Disposal of Long-Lived Assets”, long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
of an asset may not be recoverable. Our impairment evaluations require use of
financial estimates of future cash flows. Application of alternative
assumptions could produce significantly different results. We may be required to
recognize impairments of long-lived assets based on future economic factors
such as unfavorable changes in estimated future undiscounted cash flows of an
asset group. Long-lived asset impairments could result in material charges that
would adversely affect our results of operations and capitalization.

Changes in the Number of Stock
Option Exercises Could Impact Our Cash Flow

Our cash flow from the
exercise of team member stock options may be adversely affected in the future
by fluctuations in the market price of our common stock, changes in income tax
law, and changes in the number of stock options we grant.

Capital
Needed for Expansion and General Corporate Purposes May Not Be Available

The construction and
opening or acquisition of new stores and the development of new production and
distribution facilities, along with the remodeling and renovation of existing
stores, require significant amounts of capital. In the past, our growth has
been funded primarily through proceeds from public offerings, bank debt,
private placements of debt, internally generated cash flow, and proceeds from
stock option exercises. These and other sources of capital may not be available
to us in the future or may be more expensive to obtain. In addition,
restrictive covenants that may be imposed by our lenders may limit our ability
to fund our growth. On November 5, 2008, we entered into an agreement with
affiliates of Leonard Green & Partners, L.P. to issue and sell $425
million of newly-issued shares of preferred stock to enhance our liquidity
position. The 

20

Table
of Contents

closing and funding of
the transaction is subject to certain customary closing conditions, including
the receipt of customary regulatory approvals. There can be no assurance that
these approvals will be received. We cannot assure that we could raise any
additional capital on similar terms, or at all, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We Have
Significant Indebtedness

We have significant debt
and may incur additional debt in the future. A significant portion of our
future cash flow from operating activities may be dedicated to the payment of
interest and the repayment of principal on our indebtedness. We may not be able
to refinance our debt in the future on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Our
indebtedness could limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working
capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions or other
purposes in the future. There is no guarantee that we will be able to meet our
debt service obligations. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow to
meet our debt service obligations, we may be required to take measures such as
seeking additional financing in the debt or equity markets, refinancing or
restructuring all of a portion of our indebtedness, selling selected assets or
reducing or delaying planned capital or operating expenditures. If we fail to
comply with our debt covenants we will be in default, in which case there can
be no assurance that we would be able to cure the default, receive waivers from
our lenders, amend the loan agreements or refinance the debt.

The Capital Markets are Currently
Experiencing a Period of Dislocation and Instability.

We believe that the
dramatic deflation of asset valuations due in large part to the collapse of the
subprime lending market has caused a general disruption in the U.S. capital
markets. This collapse is evidenced by a lack of liquidity in the debt capital
markets, significant write-offs in the financial services sector, the
re-pricing of credit risk in the broadly syndicated credit market and the failure
of certain major financial institutions. Despite actions of the U.S. federal
government, these events have contributed to worsening general economic
conditions that are materially and adversely impacting the broader financial
and credit markets and reducing the availability of debt and equity capital for
the market as a whole. Reflecting the concern about the stability of the
financial markets generally and the strength of counterparties, many lenders
and institutional investors have reduced, and in some cases ceased to provide,
funding to borrowers. The resulting lack of available credit, lack of
confidence in the financial sector, increased volatility in the financial
markets and reduced business activity could materially and adversely affect our
business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to obtain
and manage our liquidity.

We May Not Be Able to
Adequately Protect Our Intellectual Property Rights

We rely on a combination
of trademark, trade secret and copyright law and internal procedures and
nondisclosure agreements to protect our intellectual property. There can be no
assurance that our intellectual property rights can be successfully asserted in
the future or will not be invalidated, circumvented or challenged. In addition,
the laws of certain foreign countries in which our products may be produced or
sold do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the
laws of the United States. Failure to protect our proprietary information could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition.

Self-Insurance
Plan Claims Could Materially Impact Our Results

The Company uses a
combination of insurance and self-insurance plans to provide for the potential
liabilities for workers’ compensation, general liability, property insurance,
director and officers’ liability insurance, vehicle liability and employee
health care benefits. Liabilities associated with the risks that are retained
by the Company are estimated, in part, by considering historical claims
experience, demographic factors, severity factors and other actuarial
assumptions. Our results could be materially impacted by claims and other
expenses related to such plans if future occurrences and claims differ from
these assumptions and historical trends.

Changes
in Accounting Standards Could Materially Impact Our Results

Generally accepted
accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation
guidelines, and interpretations for many aspects of our business, such as
accounting for insurance and self-insurance, inventories, goodwill and
intangible assets, store closures, leases, income taxes and share-based
payments, are highly complex and involve subjective judgments. Changes in these
rules or their interpretation could significantly change or add
significant volatility to our reported earnings without a comparable underlying
change in cash flow from operations.

Effective Tax Rate Changes and
Results of Examinations by Taxing Authorities Could Materially Impact Our
Results

Our future effective tax
rates could be adversely affected by the earnings mix being lower than
historical results in states or countries where we have lower statutory
rates and higher than historical results in states or countries where we
have higher statutory rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax
assets and liabilities, or by changes in tax laws or interpretations thereof.
In addition, we are subject to periodic audits and examinations by the Internal
Revenue Service (“IRS”) and other state and local taxing authorities. Our
results could be materially impacted by the determinations and expenses related
to these and other proceedings by the IRS and other state and local taxing
authorities.

Disruptions in Our Information
Systems Could Harm Our Ability to Run Our Business.

We rely extensively on
information systems for point-of-sale processing in our stores, supply chain,
financial reporting, human resources and various other processes and
transactions. Our information systems are subject to damage or interruption
from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses,
security breaches, including breaches of our transaction processing or other
systems that could result in the compromise of confidential customer data,
catastrophic events, and usage errors by our team members. If our systems are
breached, damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make a
significant investments to fix or replace them, suffer interruptions in our
operations, face costly litigation, and our reputation with our customers may
be harmed. Any material interruption in our computer operations may have a
material adverse effect on our business or results of operations.

21

Table
of Contents

Failure
of Our Internal Control over Financial Reporting Could Materially Impact Our
Business and Results

The Company’s management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting. An internal control system, no matter how well designed
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the
objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control
system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the
benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the
inherent limitations in all internal control systems, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Any failure to
maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could
limit our ability to report our financial results accurately and timely or to
detect and prevent fraud, and could expose us to litigation or adversely affect
the market price of our common stock.