. 

        We wish to caution you that there are risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to be materially different from those indicated by
forward-looking statements that we make from time to time in filings with the SEC, news releases, reports, proxy statements, registration statements and other written communications, as well as oral
forward-looking statements made from time to time by representatives of the Company. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risks described below. Additional risks and
uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations. The cautionary statements below discuss important factors that could cause our
business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows to be materially adversely affected. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements. 

23

Our Growth Is Significantly Dependent on New Store Openings and Acquisitions 

        Our strategy is to expand through a combination of new store openings and, to a lesser extent, acquisitions of existing store locations or businesses. Successful
implementation of this strategy is contingent on numerous conditions, some of which are described below, and there can be no assurance that this expansion strategy can be successfully executed. 

        Our
continued growth depends to a significant degree on our ability to open or acquire new stores in existing and new markets and to operate these stores successfully. Our expansion
strategy is dependent on finding suitable locations, and we face intense competition from other retailers for such sites. There can be no assurance that we will continue to grow through new store
openings and/or acquisitions. We may not be able to timely open new stores or operate them successfully. Also, we may not be able to successfully hire and train new team members or integrate those
team members into the programs and policies of the Company. We may not be able to adapt our distribution, management information and other operating systems to adequately supply products to new stores
at competitive prices so that we can operate the stores in a successful and profitable manner. 

We May Not Be Able to Successfully Integrate Acquired Businesses into Our Operations 

        We may not be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses into our operations and support systems, or the operations of acquired businesses may be
adversely affected by the introduction of our decentralized operational approach. Also, the integration of acquired operations into our operations requires the dedication of management resources that
may temporarily detract attention from our day-to-day business. 

New Stores May Negatively Impact Our Results 

        There can be no assurance that our new store openings will be successful or result in greater sales and profitability for the Company. New stores build their
sales volumes and refine their merchandise selection over time and, as a result, generally have lower gross margins and higher operating expenses as a percentage of sales than our more mature stores.
As we accelerate our rate of new store openings, thus increasing the percentage of our sales from new stores and decreasing the average age of our store base, there may be a negative impact on our
results from a lower contribution of these new stores, along with the impact of related pre-opening and relocation costs. 

We May Experience Significant Fluctuations in Our Comparable Store Sales 

        Our comparable store sales could fluctuate or be lower than our historical average for many reasons including new and acquired stores entering into the comparable
store base, the opening of new stores that cannibalize store sales in existing markets, increased competition, price changes in response to competitive factors, possible supply shortages, and cycling
against several years of above-average sales results. Our results of operations may be materially impacted by fluctuations in our comparable store sales as the result of lower sales, lower gross
profits and/or greater operating costs such as marketing. 

24

We May Experience Significant Fluctuations in Our Quarterly Operating Results 

        Our quarterly operating results could fluctuate for many reasons, including losses from new stores, variations in the mix of product sales, price changes in
response to competitive factors, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, increases in store operating costs, possible supply shortages, extreme weather-related disruptions, including hurricanes
and earthquakes, and potential uninsured casualty losses or other losses. In addition, our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly as the result of the timing of new store openings and
pre-opening costs, the timing of acquisitions, store closures and relocations and the range of operating results generated from newly opened. Quarter-to-quarter
comparisons of results of operations have been and may be materially impacted by the timing of new store openings. 

Increased Competition May Have an Adverse Effect on Profitability 

        Our competitors include but are not limited to local, regional, national and international conventional and specialty supermarkets, other natural food stores,
warehouse membership clubs, small specialty stores and restaurants. These businesses compete with us in one or more product categories. In addition, some are expanding more aggressively in marketing a
range of natural and organic foods, thereby competing directly with us for products, customers and locations. Some of these potential competitors may have been in business longer or may have greater
financial or marketing resources than we do and may be able to devote greater resources to sourcing, promoting and selling their products. As competition in certain markets intensifies, our results of
operations may be negatively impacted through a loss of sales, reduction in margin from competitive price changes, and/or greater operating costs such as marketing. 

Our Business May be Sensitive to Economic Conditions that Impact Consumer Spending 

        Our results of operations may be sensitive to changes in overall economic conditions that impact consumer spending, including discretionary spending. Future
economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income such as employment levels, business conditions, interest rates, tax rates, fuel and energy costs, the impact of natural disasters or acts of
terrorism, and other matters could reduce consumer spending or cause consumers to shift their spending to lower-priced competitors. A general reduction in the level of discretionary spending or shifts
in consumer discretionary spending to our competitors could adversely affect our growth and profitability. 

Legal Proceedings Could Materially Impact Our Results 

        From time to time, we are party to legal proceedings including matters involving personnel and employment issues, personal injury, intellectual property,
acquisitions, and other proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. In addition, the FTC is currently pursing an administrative proceeding concerning our recent acquisition of Wild Oats
Markets. Our results could be materially impacted by the decisions and expenses related to pending or future proceedings. 

We May Be Subject to Product Liability Claims if People Are Harmed By the Products We Sell 

        There is increasing governmental scrutiny of and public awareness regarding food safety. We believe that many customers choose to shop our stores because of their
interest in health, nutrition and food safety. We believe that our customers hold us to a higher food safety standard than conventional supermarkets. The real or perceived sale of contaminated food
products by us could result in product liability claims, the settlement or outcome of which might have a material adverse effect on our sales and operations. 

25

The Loss of Key Management Could Negatively Affect Our Business 

        We are dependent upon a number of key management and other team members. If we were to lose the services of a significant number of key team members within a
short period of time, this could have a material adverse effect on our operations. We do not maintain key person insurance on any team member. Our continued success is also dependent upon our ability
to attract and retain qualified team members to meet our future growth needs. We face intense competition for qualified team members, many of whom are subject to offers from competing employers. We
may not be able to attract and retain necessary team members to operate our business. 

Unions May Attempt to Organize Our Team Members 

        Unions have from time to time attempted to organize all or part of our team member base at certain stores and non-retail facilities. Responding to
such organization attempts is distracting to management and team members and may have a negative financial impact on a store, facility or the Company as a whole. 

Unfavorable Changes in Government Regulation Could Harm Our Business 

        Our stores are subject to various international, federal, state and local laws, regulations and administrative practices affecting our business, and we must
comply with provisions regulating health and sanitation standards, food labeling, equal employment, minimum wages and licensing for the sale of food and, in some stores, alcoholic beverages. Our new
store openings could be delayed or prevented or our existing stores could be impacted by difficulties or failures in our ability to obtain or maintain required approvals or licenses. 

        The
manufacturing, processing, formulating, packaging, labeling and advertising of products are subject to regulation by various federal agencies including the FDA, FTC, CPSC, USDA and
EPA. The composition and labeling of nutritional supplements are most actively regulated by the FDA under the provisions of the FFDC Act. The FFDC Act has been revised in recent years with respect to
dietary supplements by the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act and by the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act. 

        The
USDA's Organic Rule, implemented into federal law on October 21, 2002, facilitates interstate commerce and the marketing of organically produced food and provides assurance to
our customers that such products meet consistent, uniform standards. Compliance with this rule could pose a significant burden on some of our suppliers, which may cause a disruption in some of our
product offerings. 

        We
cannot predict the nature of future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, or determine what effect either additional government regulations or administrative orders,
when and if promulgated, or disparate federal, state and local regulatory schemes would have on our business in the future. They could, however, require the reformulation of certain products to meet
new standards, the recall or discontinuance of certain products not able to be reformulated, additional record keeping, expanded documentation of the properties of certain products, expanded or
different labeling and/or scientific substantiation. Any or all of such requirements could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

26

A Widespread Health Epidemic Could Materially Impact Our Business 

        The Company's business could be severely impacted by a widespread regional, national or global health epidemic. Our stores are a place where customers come
together, interact and learn while at the same time discovering the many joys of eating and sharing food. A widespread health epidemic may cause customers to avoid public gathering places or otherwise
change their shopping behaviors. Additionally, a widespread health epidemic could also adversely impact our business by disrupting production and delivery of products to our stores and by impacting
our ability to appropriately staff our stores. 

Changes in the Availability of Quality Natural and Organic Products Could Impact Our Business 

        There is no assurance that quality natural and organic products will be available to meet our future needs. If conventional supermarkets significantly increase
their natural and organic product offerings or if new laws require the reformulation of certain products to meet tougher standards, the supply of these products may be constrained. Any significant
disruption in the supply of quality natural and organic products could have a material impact on our overall sales and cost of goods sold. 

Perishable Foods Product Losses Could Materially Impact Our Results 

        We believe our stores more heavily emphasize perishable products than conventional supermarket stores. Perishable products accounted for approximately 67% of
total retail sales at Whole Foods Market locations in fiscal year 2007. The Company's emphasis on perishable products may result in significant product inventory losses in the event of extended power
outages, natural disasters or other catastrophic occurrences. 

Our Stock Price Is Volatile 

        The market price of our common stock could be subject to significant fluctuation in response to various market factors and events. These market factors and events
include variations in our sales and earnings results, changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts, publicity regarding us, our competitors, the natural products industry generally, new
statutes or regulations or changes in the interpretation of existing statutes or regulations affecting the natural products industry specifically, sales of substantial amounts of common stock in the
public market or the perception that such sales could occur and other factors. In addition, the stock market in recent years has experienced broad price and volume fluctuations that often have been
unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations also may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Changes in the Number of Stock Option Exercises Could Impact Our Cash Flow 

        Our cash flow from the exercise of team member stock options may be adversely affected in the future by fluctuations in the market price of our common stock,
changes in income tax law, and changes in the number of stock options we grant. 

Capital Needed for Expansion May Not Be Available 

        The construction and opening or acquisition of new stores and the development of new production and distribution facilities, along with the remodeling and
renovation of existing stores, require significant amounts of capital. In the past, our growth has been funded primarily through proceeds from public offerings, bank debt, private placements of debt,
internally generated cash flow, and proceeds from stock option exercises. These and other sources of capital may not be available to us in the future. In addition, restrictive covenants that may be
imposed by our lenders may restrict our ability to fund our growth. 

27

We May Not Be Able to Adequately Protect Our Intellectual Property Rights 

        We rely on a combination of trademark, trade secret and copyright law and internal procedures and nondisclosure agreements to protect our intellectual property.
There can be no assurance that our intellectual property rights can be successfully asserted in the future or will not be invalidated, circumvented or challenged. In addition, the laws of certain
foreign countries in which our products may be produced or sold do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Failure to protect our proprietary
information could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Self-Insurance Plan Claims Could Materially Impact Our Results 

        The Company uses a combination of insurance and self-insurance plans to provide for the potential liabilities for workers' compensation, general
liability, property insurance, director and officers' liability insurance, vehicle liability and employee health care benefits. Liabilities associated with the risks that are retained by the Company
are estimated, in part, by considering historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors and other actuarial assumptions. Our results could be materially impacted by claims and other
expenses related to such plans if future occurrences and claims differ from these assumptions and historical trends. 

Changes in Accounting Standards Could Materially Impact Our Results 

        Generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines, and interpretations for many aspects of our business,
such as accounting for insurance and self-insurance, inventories, goodwill and intangible assets, store closures, leases, income taxes and share-based compensation, are highly complex and
involve subjective judgments. Changes in these rules or their interpretation could significantly change or add significant volatility to our reported earnings without a comparable underlying change in
cash flow from operations. 

Effective Tax Rate Changes and Results of Examinations by Taxing Authorities Could Materially Impact Our Results 

        Our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by the earnings mix being lower than historical results in states or countries where we have lower
statutory rates and higher than historical results in states or countries where we have higher statutory rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in
tax laws or interpretations thereof. In addition, we are subject to periodic audits and examinations by the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") and other state and local taxing authorities. Our results
could be materially impacted by the determinations and expenses related to these and other proceedings by the IRS and other state and local taxing authorities. 

The Company May Discontinue Paying Dividends in the Future 

        Dividends are paid at the discretion of the Company's Board of Directors. The continuation of these payments, the amount of such dividends, and the form in which
the dividends are paid (cash or stock) depend on many factors, including the results of operations and the financial condition of the Company. There is no guarantee that the Company will pay dividends
in the future. 

28

Failure of our Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Could Materially Impact our Business and Results 

        The Company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. An internal control system, no matter
how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact
that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all internal control systems, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Any failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could limit our ability to report our financial
results accurately and timely or to detect and prevent fraud, and could expose us to litigation or adversely affect the market price of our common stock.