.

We
wish to caution you that there are risks and uncertainties that could cause our
actual results to be materially different from those indicated by
forward-looking statements that we make from time to time in filings with the
SEC, news releases, reports, proxy statements, registration statements and
other written communications, as well as oral forward-looking statements made
from time to time by representatives of the Company. These risks and
uncertainties include the risk factors described below. The cautionary
statements below discuss important factors that could cause our business,
financial condition, operating results and cash flows to be materially
adversely affected. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update
forward-looking statements.

Economic Conditions

The
global economic crisis adversely impacted our business and financial results in
fiscal year 2009. Our results of operations may be materially impacted by
changes in overall economic conditions that impact consumer confidence and
spending, including discretionary spending. There can be no assurance that
various governmental activities to stabilize the markets and stimulate the
economy will restore consumer confidence or change spending habits. Future
economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income such as employment
levels, business conditions, changes in housing market conditions, the
availability of credit, interest rates, tax rates, fuel and energy costs, the
impact of natural disasters or acts of terrorism, and other matters could
reduce consumer spending or cause consumers to shift their spending to
lower-priced competitors.

Future Growth

Our
continued growth depends on our ability to increase sales in our identical
stores and our ability to open new stores. Our results of operations may be
materially impacted by fluctuations in our identical store sales. Our identical
store sales growth could be lower than our historical average for many reasons
including the impact of new and acquired stores entering into the 

10

Table of
Contents

identical
store base, the opening of new stores that cannibalize store sales in existing
areas, general economic conditions, increased competition, price changes in
response to competitive factors, possible supply shortages, and cycling against
any year of above-average sales results.

Our
growth strategy includes opening new stores in existing and new areas and
operating those stores successfully. Successful implementation of this strategy
is dependent on finding suitable locations, and we face competition from other
retailers for such sites. There can be no assurance that we will continue to
grow through new store openings. We may not be able to timely open new stores
or operate them successfully. Also, we may not be able to successfully hire and
train new team members or integrate those team members into the programs and
policies of the Company. We may not be able to adapt our distribution,
management information and other operating systems to adequately supply
products to new stores at competitive prices so that we can operate the stores
in a successful and profitable manner.

Competitive Environment

Our
competitors include but are not limited to local, regional, national and
international supermarkets, natural food stores, warehouse membership clubs, small
specialty stores and restaurants. Their businesses compete with us for
products, customers and locations. In addition, some are expanding more
aggressively in marketing a range of natural and organic foods. Some of these
potential competitors may have been in business longer or may have greater
financial or marketing resources than we do and may be able to devote greater
resources to sourcing, promoting and selling their products. As competition in
certain areas intensifies, our results of operations may be negatively impacted
through a loss of sales, reduction in margin from competitive price changes,
and/or greater operating costs such as marketing.

Fluctuations in Quarterly Operating Results

Our
quarterly operating results could fluctuate for many reasons, including losses
from new stores, variations in the mix of product sales, price changes in
response to competitive factors and a potential lack of customer acceptance,
foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, increases in store operating costs,
including commodity costs, that are either wholly or partially beyond our
control, possible supply shortages, general economic conditions, health care
costs, legal costs, insurance costs, extreme weather-related disruptions,
including hurricanes and earthquakes, and potential uninsured casualty losses
or other losses. In addition, our quarterly operating results and
quarter-to-quarter comparisons have been and may be impacted by the timing of
new store openings, construction and pre-opening expenses, the timing of
acquisitions, store closures and relocations, seasonality, and the range of
operating results generated from newly opened stores. Quarter-to-quarter
comparisons of results of operations have been and may be materially impacted
by the timing of new store openings.

Stock Price Volatility

In
fiscal year 2010, the closing market price per share of our common stock ranged
from $25.30 to $42.50. The market price of our common stock could be subject to
significant fluctuation in response to various market factors and events. These
market factors and events include variations in our sales and earnings results
and any failure to meet market expectations; changes in ratings and earnings
estimates by securities analysts; publicity regarding us, our competitors, or
the natural products industry generally; new statutes or regulations or changes
in the interpretation of existing statutes or regulations affecting the natural
products industry specifically; and sales of substantial amounts of common
stock in the public market or the perception that such sales could occur and
other factors. In addition, the stock market in recent years has experienced
broad price and volume fluctuations that often have been unrelated to the
operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations also
may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Our cash flow from
the exercise of team member stock options may be adversely affected in the
future by fluctuations in the market price of our common stock.

Self-Insurance Plans

The
Company uses a combination of insurance and self-insurance plans to provide for
the potential liabilities for workers’ compensation, general liability,
property insurance, director and officers’ liability insurance, vehicle liability
and team member health care benefits. Liabilities associated with the risks
that are retained by the Company are estimated, in part, by considering
historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors and other
actuarial assumptions. Our results could be materially impacted by claims and
other expenses related to such plans if future occurrences and claims differ
from these assumptions and historical trends.

Product Liability

There
is increasing governmental scrutiny of and public awareness regarding food
safety. We believe that many customers choose to shop our stores because of
their interest in health, nutrition and food safety. We believe that our
customers hold us to a higher food safety standard than other supermarkets. The
real or perceived sale of contaminated food products by us could result in
government enforcement action, private litigation, product recalls and other
liabilities, the settlement or outcome of which might have a material adverse
effect on our sales and operations.

11

Table of
Contents

Brand Value

We
believe our Company has built an excellent reputation as a food retailer,
socially-responsible corporation and employer. We believe our continued success
depends on our ability to preserve, grow and leverage the value of our brand.
Brand value is based in large part on perceptions of subjective qualities, and
even isolated incidents can erode trust and confidence, particularly if they
result in adverse publicity, governmental investigations or litigation, which
can have an adverse impact on these perceptions and lead to adverse affects on
our business or team members.

Natural and Organic Products Availability

There
is no assurance that quality natural and organic products will be available to
meet our future needs. If other supermarkets significantly increase their
natural and organic product offerings or if new laws require the reformulation
of certain products to meet tougher standards, the supply of these products may
be constrained. To a certain degree, we are also dependent on our largest
supplier, United Natural Foods, Inc. (“UNFI”), which accounted for
approximately 27% of our total purchases in fiscal year 2010. Any significant
disruption in the supply of quality natural and organic products could have a
material impact on our overall sales and cost of goods sold.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

Our
total assets included long-lived assets totaling approximately $1.96 billion at
September 26, 2010. Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
of an asset may not be recoverable. Our impairment evaluations require use of
financial estimates of future cash flows. Application of alternative
assumptions could produce significantly different results. We may be required
to recognize impairments of long-lived assets based on future economic factors
such as unfavorable changes in estimated future undiscounted cash flows of an
asset group. Long-lived asset impairments could result in material charges that
would adversely affect our results of operations and capitalization.

Lease Obligations

The
majority of our stores, distribution centers, bakehouses and administrative
facilities are leased, with expiration dates ranging from 1 to 35 years. We are
subject to risks associated with our current and future real estate leases. Our
costs could increase because of changes in the real estate markets and supply
or demand for real estate sites. We generally cannot cancel our leases, so if
we decide to close a location, we may nonetheless be committed to perform our
obligations under the applicable lease including paying the base rent for the
remaining lease term. As each lease expires, we may fail to negotiate
renewals, either on commercially acceptable terms or any terms at all. As of September 26,
2010, we had 25 leased properties that are not being utilized in current
operations, with expiration dates ranging from 5 months to 19 years. The 25
leased properties represent acquired dormant locations, stores closed
post-acquisition, and stores closed due to relocation.

Perishable Products

We believe our stores more heavily emphasize perishable products than
other supermarket stores. Perishable products accounted for approximately 66.5%
of total sales at Whole Foods Market locations in fiscal year 2010. The Company’s
emphasis on perishable products may result in significant product inventory
losses in the event of extended power outages, natural disasters or other
catastrophic occurrences.

Legal Matters

From
time to time, we are party to legal proceedings, including matters involving
personnel and employment issues, personal injury, intellectual property,
acquisitions, and other proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business.
Our results could be materially impacted by the decisions and expenses related
to pending or future proceedings.

Accounting Standards and Estimates

Generally
accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements,
implementation guidelines, and interpretations for many aspects of our
business, such as accounting for insurance and self-insurance, inventories,
goodwill and intangible assets, derivatives, store closures, leases, income
taxes and share-based payments, are highly complex and involve subjective
judgments. Changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in
underlying estimates, assumptions or judgments by our management could
significantly change or add significant volatility to our reported earnings
without a comparable underlying change in cash flow from operations.

Loss of Key Management

We
are dependent upon a number of key management and other team members. If we
were to lose the services of a significant number of key team members within a
short period of time, this could have a material adverse effect on our
operations. We do not maintain key person insurance on any team member. Our
continued success also is dependent upon our ability to attract and retain
qualified team members to meet our future growth needs. We face intense
competition for qualified team members, many of whom are subject to offers from
competing employers. We may not be able to attract and retain necessary team
members to operate our business.

12

Table of
Contents

Supplier Concentration Risk

UNFI
is our single largest third-party supplier, accounting for approximately 27% of
our total purchases in fiscal year 2010. During fiscal year 2010, we extended
our long-term relationship with UNFI as our primary supplier of dry grocery and
frozen food products through 2020 and added two of our regions to our
distribution arrangement beginning in fiscal year 2011. Due to this concentration
of purchases from a single third-party supplier, the cancellation of our
distribution arrangement or the disruption, delay or inability of UNFI to
deliver product to our stores may materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition or results of operations while we establish alternative
distribution channels.

Widespread Health Epidemic

The
Company’s business could be severely impacted by a widespread regional,
national or global health epidemic. Our stores are a place where customers come
together, interact and learn while at the same time discovering the many joys
of eating and sharing food. A widespread health epidemic may cause customers to
avoid public gathering places or otherwise change their shopping behaviors.
Additionally, a widespread health epidemic could also adversely impact our
business by disrupting production and delivery of products to our stores and by
impacting our ability to appropriately staff our stores.

Indebtedness

As
of November 19, 2010, we had $390 million remaining on our term loan
maturing August 28, 2012 and we may incur additional debt in the future. A
significant portion of our future cash flow from operating activities may be
dedicated to the repayment on our indebtedness. Our indebtedness could limit
our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital
expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions or other purposes in the
future. There is no guarantee that we will be able to meet our debt service
obligations. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow to meet our debt
service obligations, we may be required to seek additional financing in the
debt or equity markets, refinance or restructure all or a portion of our
indebtedness, sell selected assets or reduce or delay planned capital or
operating expenditures. If we fail to comply with our debt covenants, we will
be in default, in which case there can be no assurance that we would be able to
cure the default, receive waivers from our lenders, amend the loan agreements or
refinance the debt.

Labor Relations

All
of our team members are non-union, and we consider our team member relations to
be very good. From time to time, however, unions have attempted to organize all
or part of our team member base at certain stores and non-retail facilities.
Responding to such organization attempts is distracting to management and team
members and may have a negative financial impact on a store, facility or the
Company as a whole.

Governmental Regulation

The
Company is subject to various international, federal, state and local laws,
regulations and administrative practices affecting our business, and we must
comply with provisions regulating health and sanitation standards, food
labeling, equal employment, minimum wages, and licensing for the sale of food
and, in some stores, alcoholic beverages. Our new store openings could be
delayed or prevented or our existing stores could be impacted by difficulties
or failures in our ability to obtain or maintain required approvals or
licenses. Changes in existing laws or implementation of new laws, regulations
and practices (e.g., health care reform and/or card check legislation) could
have a significant impact on our business.

The
USDA’s Organic Rule facilitates interstate commerce and the marketing of
organically produced food and provides assurance to our customers that such
products meet consistent, uniform standards. Compliance with this rule could
pose a significant burden on some of our suppliers, which may cause a
disruption in some of our product offerings.

We
cannot predict the nature of future laws, regulations, interpretations or
applications, or determine what effect either additional government regulations
or administrative orders, when and if promulgated, or disparate federal, state
and local regulatory schemes would have on our business in the future. They
could, however, require the reformulation of certain products to meet new
standards, the recall or discontinuance of certain products not able to be
reformulated, additional record keeping, expanded documentation of the