An investment in our common shares involves various risks. When
considering an investment in our company, you should consider
carefully all of the risk factors described below, as well as
other information included and incorporated by reference in this
report.

     International
Exposure

Like most multinational oilfield service companies, we have
operations in certain international areas, including parts of
the Middle East, North and West Africa, Latin America, the Asia
Pacific region and the Commonwealth of Independent States, that
are subject to risks of war, political disruption, civil
disturbance, economic and legal sanctions (such as restrictions
against countries that the U.S. government may deem to
sponsor terrorism) and changes in global trade policies. We
participated in the United Nations oil-for-food program
governing sales of goods and services into Iraq. The SEC has
asked us to provide them copies of certain documents relating to
our participation in that program in connection with a
fact-finding inquiry

17

Table of Contents

related to that program. We are complying with that request. Our
operations may be restricted or prohibited in any country in
which the foregoing risks occur. In particular, the occurrence
of any of these risks could result in the following events,
which in turn, could materially and adversely impact our results
of operations:

• 

 disruption of oil and natural gas exploration and production
 activities;

• 

 restriction of the movement and exchange of funds;

• 

 inhibition of our ability to collect receivables;

• 

 enactment of additional or stricter U.S. government or
 international sanctions; and

• 

 limitation of our access to markets for periods of time.

     Currency Exposure

Approximately 40.7% of our net assets are located outside the
U.S. and are carried on our books in local currencies. Changes
in those currencies in relation to the U.S. dollar result
in translation adjustments, which are reflected as accumulated
other comprehensive income in the shareholders’ equity
section in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We recognize
remeasurement and transactional gains and losses on currencies
in our Consolidated Statements of Income which may adversely
impact our results of operations. We enter into foreign currency
forward contracts and other derivative instruments to reduce our
exposure to currency fluctuations.

In certain foreign countries, a component of our cost structure
is U.S. dollar denominated, whereas our revenues are
partially local currency based. In those cases, a devaluation of
the local currency would adversely impact our operating margins.

 Litigation and Environmental Exposure

In the ordinary course of business, we become the subject of
various claims and litigation. We maintain insurance to cover
many of our potential losses and we are subject to various
self-retentions and deductibles with respect to our insurance.
Although we are subject to various ongoing items of litigation,
we do not believe any of our current items of litigation will
result in any material uninsured losses to us. However, it is
possible an unexpected judgment could be rendered against us in
cases in which we could be uninsured and beyond the amounts we
currently have reserved or anticipate incurring.

We are also subject to various federal, state and local laws and
regulations relating to the energy industry in general and the
environment in particular. Environmental laws have in recent
years become more stringent and have generally sought to impose
greater liability on a larger number of potentially responsible
parties. While we are not currently aware of any situation
involving an environmental claim that would be likely to have a
material adverse effect on our business, it is always possible
that an environmental claim with respect to one or more of our
current businesses or a business or property that one of our
predecessors owned or used could arise and could involve
material expenditures.

 Industry Exposure

The concentration of our customers in the energy industry may
impact our overall exposure to credit risk as customers may be
similarly affected by prolonged changes in economic and industry
conditions. Further, laws in some jurisdictions in which we
operate could make collection difficult or time consuming. We
perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and do not
generally require collateral in support of our trade
receivables. While we maintain reserves for potential credit
losses, we cannot assure such reserves will be sufficient to
meet write-offs of uncollectible receivables or that our losses
from such receivables will be consistent with our expectations.

18

Table of Contents

 Terrorism Exposure

The terrorist attacks that took place in the U.S. on
September 11, 2001 were unprecedented events that have
created many economic and political uncertainties, some of which
may materially impact our businesses. The potential for future
terrorist attacks, the national and international responses to
terrorist attacks, and other acts of war or hostility have
created many economic and political uncertainties that could
adversely affect our businesses.

 Tax Exposure

On June 26, 2002, the stockholders and Board of Directors
of Weatherford International, Inc. (“Weatherford
Inc.”) approved our corporate reorganization, and
Weatherford International Ltd. (“Weatherford
Limited”), a newly formed Bermuda company, became the
parent holding company of Weatherford International, Inc. The
realization of the tax benefit of this reorganization could be
impacted by changes in tax laws, tax treaties or tax regulations
or the interpretation or enforcement thereof or differing
interpretation or enforcement of applicable law by the
U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other taxing
jurisdictions. The inability to realize this benefit could have
a material impact on our financial statements.

 Acquisition Integration Exposure

In August of 2005, we acquired Precision Energy Services and
Precision Drilling International. The Precision divisions
purchased are substantial businesses, and integrating those
businesses with our other operations and product lines will take
significant focus and effort from our management and employees.
The integration of this or any other acquisition we make may
include unexpected costs and temporarily divert attention from
our normal operations. We also cannot be certain that we will
realize anticipated synergies from any acquisition. The
Precision acquisition is subject to a post-closing purchase
price adjustment to reflect changes in working capital and
related items. We are negotiating with Precision Drilling
Corporation regarding this adjustment, but at this point we
cannot determine how much, if any, we will be required to pay to
Precision Drilling Corporation or Precision Drilling Corporation
will be required to pay to us in connection with this adjustment.

This acquisition was not subjected to management’s
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting during
2005. Management will undertake their evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting during 2006, and any control
weaknesses identified, if any, could have an adverse affect on
our financial condition and results of operations.

 Drilling Industry Exposures

Our acquisition of the international contract drilling division
of Precision Drilling Corporation included 48 land rigs
primarily working in the Middle East, North Africa and Latin
America and an extensive fleet of specialized rig transport
equipment. The contract drilling business is highly competitive.
Drilling contracts are generally awarded through a competitive
bid process. Price competition, rig availability and the quality
and technical capability of service and equipment are the most
significant competitive factors. If our Precision Drilling
International division is not able to compete with larger
drilling companies, we may not be able to secure the most
lucrative drilling contracts, which could adversely impact this
division’s results of operations.

Prolonged periods of low utilization and dayrates could cause us
to recognize impairment charges on our drilling rigs if future
cash flow estimates, based upon information available to
management at the time, indicate that the carrying value of
these rigs may not be recoverable.

Our contracts generally provide for a basic dayrate during
drilling operations, with lower rates or no payment for periods
of equipment breakdown, adverse weather or other conditions that
may be beyond our reasonable control. During periods of lower
dayrates, our revenues under these contracts may be materially
reduced, although the cost structure is largely fixed, which
could significantly reduce this division’s cash flows and
profitability.

19

Table of Contents

When a rig mobilizes to or demobilizes from an operating area, a
contract may provide for different dayrates, specified fixed
payments or no payment during the mobilization or
demobilization. In some cases, the mobilization or
demobilization rates negotiated in those contracts may not match
the expenses we incur in connection with mobilization or
demobilization, which could negatively impact this
division’s cash flows.

Bermuda Governance Risks

We are a Bermuda exempt company, and it may be difficult for you
to enforce judgments against us or our directors and executive
officers. The rights of holders of our shares will be governed
by Bermuda law and our memorandum of association and bye-laws.
The rights of shareholders under Bermuda law may differ from the
rights of shareholders of companies incorporated in other
jurisdictions. One of our directors is not a resident of the
U.S., and a substantial portion of our assets are located
outside the U.S. As a result, it may be difficult for
investors to effect service of process on those persons in the
U.S. or to enforce in the U.S. judgments obtained in
U.S. courts against us or those persons based on the civil
liability provisions of the U.S. securities laws.
Uncertainty exists as to whether courts in Bermuda will enforce
judgments obtained in other jurisdictions, including the U.S.,
against us or our directors or officers under the securities
laws of those jurisdictions or entertain actions in Bermuda
against us or our directors or officers under the securities
laws of other jurisdictions.

Our bye-laws restrict shareholders from bringing legal action
against our officers and directors.

Our bye-laws contain a broad waiver by our shareholders of any
claim or right of action, both individually and on our behalf,
against any of our officers or directors. The waiver applies to
any action taken by an officer or director, or the failure of an
officer or director to take any action, in the performance of
his or her duties, except with respect to any matter involving
any fraud or dishonesty on the part of the officer or director.
This waiver limits the right of shareholders to assert claims
against our officers and directors unless the act or failure to
act involves fraud or dishonesty.

Our bye-laws have anti-takeover provisions that may discourage a
change of control. These anti-takeover provisions could result
in a lower market price for our shares and may limit a
shareholder’s ability to obtain a premium for our shares.

Our bye-laws contain provisions that could make it more
difficult for a third party to acquire us without the consent of
our board of directors, even if the third party’s offer may
be considered beneficial by many shareholders. As a result,
shareholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium
for their shares and this may cause the market price of our
shares to decrease significantly. These provisions also provide
for:

• 

 directors to be removed only for cause;

• 

 restrictions on the time period in which directors may be
 nominated; and

• 

 the board of directors to determine the powers, preferences and
 rights and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions of
 our preference shares and to issue the preference shares without
 shareholder approval.

Our board of directors may issue preference shares and determine
their powers, preferences and rights and their qualifications,
limitations and restrictions. The issuance of preference shares
may delay, defer or prevent a merger, amalgamation, tender offer
or proxy contest involving us.

 Item 1B.

 Unresolved SEC Comments

None.