An investment in our common shares involves various risks. When
 considering an investment in our company, you should consider
 carefully all of the risk factors described below, as well as
 other information included and incorporated by reference in this
 report.

 We
 conduct significant foreign operations that subject us to
 numerous risks

 Like most multinational oilfield service companies, we have
 operations in certain international areas, including parts of
 the Middle East, North and West Africa, Latin America, the Asia
 Pacific region and the Commonwealth of Independent States, that
 are subject to risks of war, political disruption, civil
 disturbance, economic and legal sanctions (such as restrictions
 against countries that the U.S. government may deem to
 sponsor terrorism) and changes in global trade policies. We
 participated in the United Nations
 oil-for-food
 program governing sales of goods and services into Iraq. The SEC
 has asked us to provide them copies of certain documents
 relating to our participation in that program in connection with
 a fact-finding inquiry related to that program. We are complying
 with that request. Our operations may be restricted or
 prohibited in any country in which the foregoing risks occur.

 18

Table of Contents

 In particular, the occurrence of any of these risks could result
 in the following events, which in turn, could materially and
 adversely impact our results of operations:

 • 

 disruption of oil and natural gas exploration and production
 activities;

 • 

 restriction of the movement and exchange of funds;

 • 

 inhibition of our ability to collect receivables;

 • 

 enactment of additional or stricter U.S. government or
 international sanctions; and

 • 

 limitation of our access to markets for periods of time.

 Currency
 Exposure

 Approximately 38.9% of our net assets are located outside the
 U.S. and are carried on our books in local currencies. Changes
 in those currencies in relation to the U.S. dollar result
 in translation adjustments, which are reflected as accumulated
 other comprehensive income in the shareholders’ equity
 section in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We recognize
 remeasurement and transactional gains and losses on currencies
 in our Consolidated Statements of Income, which may adversely
 impact our results of operations. We enter into foreign currency
 forward contracts and other derivative instruments as an effort
 to reduce our exposure to currency fluctuations; however, there
 can be no assurance that these hedging activities will be
 effective in reducing or eliminating foreign currency risks.

 In certain foreign countries, a component of our cost structure
 is U.S. dollar denominated, whereas our revenues are
 partially local currency based. In those cases, a devaluation of
 the local currency would adversely impact our operating margins.

 Litigation
 and Environmental Exposure

 In the ordinary course of business, we become the subject of
 various claims and litigation. We maintain insurance to cover
 many of our potential losses and we are subject to various
 self-retentions and deductibles with respect to our insurance.
 Although we are subject to various ongoing items of litigation,
 we do not believe any of our current items of litigation will
 result in any material uninsured losses to us. However, it is
 possible an unexpected judgment could be rendered against us in
 cases in which we could be uninsured and beyond the amounts we
 currently have reserved or anticipate incurring.

 We are also subject to various federal, state and local laws and
 regulations relating to the energy industry in general and the
 environment in particular. Environmental laws have in recent
 years become more stringent and have generally sought to impose
 greater liability on a larger number of potentially responsible
 parties. While we are not currently aware of any situation
 involving an environmental claim that would be likely to have a
 material adverse effect on our business, it is always possible
 that an environmental claim with respect to one or more of our
 current businesses or a business or property that one of our
 predecessors owned or used could arise and could involve
 material expenditures.

 Industry
 Exposure

 The concentration of our customers in the energy industry may
 impact our overall exposure to credit risk as customers may be
 similarly affected by prolonged changes in economic and industry
 conditions. Further, laws in some jurisdictions in which we
 operate could make collection difficult or time consuming. We
 perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and do not
 generally require collateral in support of our trade
 receivables. While we maintain reserves for potential credit
 losses, we cannot assure such reserves will be sufficient to
 meet write-offs of uncollectible receivables or that our losses
 from such receivables will be consistent with our expectations.

 Terrorism
 Exposure

 The terrorist attacks that took place in the U.S. on
 September 11, 2001 and the subsequent ongoing war on terror
 have created many global economic and political uncertainties.
 The potential for future terrorist attacks, the

 19

Table of Contents

 national and international responses to terrorist attacks, and
 other acts of war or hostility have created many economic and
 political uncertainties that could adversely affect our
 businesses.

 Tax
 Exposure

 On June 26, 2002, the stockholders and Board of Directors
 of Weatherford International, Inc. (“Weatherford
 Inc.”) approved our corporate reorganization, and
 Weatherford International Ltd. (“Weatherford
 Limited”), a newly formed Bermuda company, became the
 parent holding company of Weatherford International, Inc. The
 realization of the tax benefit of this reorganization could be
 impacted by changes in tax laws, tax treaties or tax regulations
 or the interpretation or enforcement thereof or differing
 interpretation or enforcement of applicable law by the
 U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other taxing
 jurisdictions. The inability to realize this benefit could have
 a material impact on our financial statements.

 Acquisition
 Exposure

 In August of 2005, we acquired Precision Energy Services and
 Precision Drilling International. In association with the
 acquisition, we identified pre-acquisition contingencies related
 to duties and taxes associated with the importation of certain
 equipment assets to foreign jurisdictions. We calculated a range
 of reasonable estimates of the costs associated with these
 duties. As no amount within the range appeared to be a better
 estimate than any other, we used the amount that is the low end
 of the range in accordance with Statement of Financial
 Accounting Standards No. 5, Accounting for
 Contingencies, and its interpretations. At December 31,
 2006, we have recorded a liability in the amount of
 approximately $20 million for this matter. If we used the
 high end of the range, the aggregate potential liability would
 be approximately $27 million higher. It is reasonably
 possible that the actual amount paid to settle these items could
 be materially different from our estimate and could have a
 material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements.

 Bermuda
 Governance Risks

 We are a Bermuda exempt company, and it may be difficult for you
 to enforce judgments against us or our directors and executive
 officers. The rights of holders of our shares will be governed
 by Bermuda law and our memorandum of association and bye-laws.
 The rights of shareholders under Bermuda law may differ from the
 rights of shareholders of companies incorporated in other
 jurisdictions. One of our directors is not a resident of the
 U.S., and a substantial portion of our assets are located
 outside the U.S. As a result, it may be difficult for
 investors to effect service of process on those persons in the
 U.S. or to enforce in the U.S. judgments obtained in
 U.S. courts against us or those persons based on the civil
 liability provisions of the U.S. securities laws.
 Uncertainty exists as to whether courts in Bermuda will enforce
 judgments obtained in other jurisdictions, including the U.S.,
 against us or our directors or officers under the securities
 laws of those jurisdictions or entertain actions in Bermuda
 against us or our directors or officers under the securities
 laws of other jurisdictions.

 Our bye-laws restrict shareholders from bringing legal action
 against our officers and directors.

 Our bye-laws contain a broad waiver by our shareholders of any
 claim or right of action, both individually and on our behalf,
 against any of our officers or directors. The waiver applies to
 any action taken by an officer or director, or the failure of an
 officer or director to take any action, in the performance of
 his or her duties, except with respect to any matter involving
 any fraud or dishonesty on the part of the officer or director.
 This waiver limits the right of shareholders to assert claims
 against our officers and directors unless the act or failure to
 act involves fraud or dishonesty.

 Our bye-laws have anti-takeover provisions that may discourage a
 change of control. These anti-takeover provisions could result
 in a lower market price for our shares and may limit a
 shareholder’s ability to obtain a premium for our shares.

 Our bye-laws contain provisions that could make it more
 difficult for a third party to acquire us without the consent of
 our board of directors, even if the third party’s offer may
 be considered beneficial by many shareholders.

 20

Table of Contents

 As a result, shareholders may be limited in their ability to
 obtain a premium for their shares and this may cause the market
 price of our shares to decrease significantly. These provisions
 also provide for:

 • 

 directors to be removed only for cause;

 • 

 restrictions on the time period in which directors may be
 nominated; and

 • 

 the board of directors to determine the powers, preferences and
 rights and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions of
 our preference shares and to issue the preference shares without
 shareholder approval.

 Our board of directors may issue preference shares and determine
 their powers, preferences and rights and their qualifications,
 limitations and restrictions. The issuance of preference shares
 may delay, defer or prevent a merger, amalgamation, tender offer
 or proxy contest involving us.

 Item 1B.  

 Unresolved
 SEC Comments

 None.