An investment in our common shares involves various risks. When
 considering an investment in our company, you should consider
 carefully all of the risk factors described below, as well as
 other information included and incorporated by reference in this
 report.

 Foreign
 Operations

 Like most multinational oilfield service companies, we have
 operations in certain international areas, including parts of
 the Middle East, North and West Africa, Latin America, the Asia
 Pacific region and the Commonwealth of Independent States, that
 are subject to risks of war, political disruption, civil
 disturbance, economic and legal sanctions (such as restrictions
 against countries that the U.S. government may deem to
 sponsor terrorism) and changes in global trade policies. Our
 operations may be restricted or prohibited in any country in
 which the foregoing risks occur.

 In particular, the occurrence of any of these risks could result
 in the following events, which in turn, could materially and
 adversely impact our results of operations:

 • 

 disruption of oil and natural gas exploration and production
 activities;

 • 

 restriction of the movement and exchange of funds;

 • 

 inhibition of our ability to collect receivables;

 • 

 enactment of additional or stricter U.S. government or
 international sanctions; and

 • 

 limitation of our access to markets for periods of time.

 U.S.
 Government and Internal Investigations

 We are currently involved in government and internal
 investigations involving various of our operations. We
 participated in the United Nations oil-for-food program
 governing sales of goods and services into Iraq. The SEC has
 subpoenaed certain documents in connection with an investigation
 into our participation in the oil-for-food program. The
 U.S. Department of Justice is also conducting an
 investigation of our participation in the oil-for-food program.
 We are cooperating fully with these investigations. We have
 retained legal counsel, reporting to our audit committee, to
 investigate this matter. These investigations are ongoing, and
 we cannot anticipate the timing, outcome or possible impact of
 these investigations, financial or otherwise.

 The U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of
 Industry & Security and the U.S. Department of
 Justice are investigating allegations of improper sales of
 products and services by us and our subsidiaries in sanctioned
 countries. We are cooperating fully with this investigation. We
 have retained legal counsel, reporting to our audit committee,
 to investigate this matter. This investigation is ongoing, and
 we cannot anticipate the timing, outcome or possible impact of
 the investigation, financial or otherwise.

 In light of this investigation and of the current U.S. and
 foreign policy environment and the inherent uncertainties
 surrounding these countries, we decided in September 2007 to
 direct our foreign subsidiaries to discontinue doing business in
 countries that are subject to U.S. economic and trade
 sanctions, including Cuba, Iran, Sudan and Syria. Effective
 September 2007, we ceased entering into any new contracts
 relating to these countries. We have begun an orderly
 discontinuation and winding down of our existing business in
 these sanctioned countries.

 With the assistance of outside counsel and in connection with
 the U.S. government investigations, we are conducting
 internal investigations regarding the embezzlement of
 approximately $175,000 at a European subsidiary and the possible
 improper use of these funds, including possible payments to
 government officials in Europe, during the period from 2000 to
 2004, and the Company’s compliance with the Foreign Corrupt
 Practices Act and other laws worldwide. These internal
 investigations are preliminary and ongoing, and we cannot
 anticipate the timing, outcome or possible impact, if any, of
 the investigations, financial or otherwise. We have informed the
 SEC and the DOJ of these internal investigations, and the
 results of the internal investigations will be provided to the
 SEC and DOJ.

 12

Table of Contents

 The DOJ, the SEC and other agencies and authorities have a broad
 range of civil and criminal penalties they may seek to impose
 against corporations and individuals for violations of trading
 sanctions laws, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other
 federal statutes including, but not limited to, injunctive
 relief, disgorgement, fines, penalties and modifications to
 business practices and compliance programs. In recent years,
 these agencies and authorities have entered into agreements
 with, and obtained a range of penalties against, several public
 corporations and individuals in similar investigations, under
 which civil and criminal penalties were imposed, including in
 some cases multi-million dollar fines and other penalties and
 sanctions. Under trading sanctions laws, the DOJ may also seek
 to impose modifications to business practices, including
 immediate cessation of all business activities in sanctioned
 countries, and modifications to compliance programs, which may
 increase compliance costs. In addition, our activities in
 sanctioned countries, such as Sudan and Iran, could result in
 certain investors, such as government sponsored pension funds,
 divesting or not investing in our common shares. Based on
 available information, we cannot predict what, if any, actions
 the DOJ, SEC or other authorities may take in our situation or
 the effect any such actions may have on our consolidated
 financial position or results of operations.

 We have incurred costs of approximately $13 million through
 December 31, 2007 in connection with complying with these
 ongoing investigations and certain exit costs associated with
 sanctioned countries. We will have additional charges related to
 these matters in future periods, but we cannot quantify those
 charges or be certain of the timing of them.

 Currency
 Exposure

 A portion of our net assets are located outside the
 U.S. and are carried on our books in local currencies.
 Changes in those currencies in relation to the U.S. dollar
 result in translation adjustments, which are reflected as
 accumulated other comprehensive income in the shareholders’
 equity section in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We recognize
 remeasurement and transactional gains and losses on currencies
 in our Consolidated Statements of Income, which may adversely
 impact our results of operations. We enter into foreign currency
 forward contracts and other derivative instruments as an effort
 to reduce our exposure to currency fluctuations; however, there
 can be no assurance that these hedging activities will be
 effective in reducing or eliminating foreign currency risks.

 In certain foreign countries, a component of our cost structure
 is denominated in a different currency than our revenues. In
 those cases, currency fluctuations could adversely impact our
 operating margins.

 Litigation
 and Environmental Exposure

 In the ordinary course of business, we become the subject of
 various claims and litigation. We maintain insurance to cover
 many of our potential losses and we are subject to various
 self-retentions and deductibles with respect to our insurance.
 Although we are subject to various ongoing items of litigation,
 we do not believe any of our current items of litigation will
 result in any material uninsured losses to us. However, it is
 possible an unexpected judgment could be rendered against us in
 cases in which we could be uninsured and beyond the amounts we
 currently have reserved or anticipate incurring.

 We are also subject to various federal, state and local laws and
 regulations relating to the energy industry in general and the
 environment in particular. Environmental laws have in recent
 years become more stringent and have generally sought to impose
 greater liability on a larger number of potentially responsible
 parties. While we are not currently aware of any situation
 involving an environmental claim that would be likely to have a
 material adverse effect on our business, it is always possible
 that an environmental claim with respect to one or more of our
 current businesses or a business or property that one of our
 predecessors owned or used could arise and could involve
 material expenditures.

 Industry
 Exposure

 The concentration of our customers in the energy industry may
 impact our overall exposure to credit risk as customers may be
 similarly affected by prolonged changes in economic and industry
 conditions. Further, laws in some jurisdictions in which we
 operate could make collection difficult or time consuming. We
 perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and do not
 generally require collateral in support of our trade
 receivables. While

 13

Table of Contents

 we maintain reserves for potential credit losses, we cannot
 assure such reserves will be sufficient to meet write-offs of
 uncollectible receivables or that our losses from such
 receivables will be consistent with our expectations.

 Credit
 Markets Exposure

 Recent turmoil in the credit markets, including events related
 to the sub-prime mortgage market, and the potential impact on
 liquidity of major financial institutions may have an adverse
 effect on our ability to fund growth opportunities through
 borrowings, under either existing or newly created instruments
 in the public or private markets on terms we believe to be
 reasonable.

 Terrorism
 Exposure

 The terrorist attacks that took place in the U.S. on
 September 11, 2001 and the subsequent ongoing war on terror
 have created many global economic and political uncertainties.
 The potential for future terrorist attacks, the national and
 international responses to terrorist attacks, and other acts of
 war or hostility have created many economic and political
 uncertainties that could adversely affect our businesses.

 Tax
 Exposure

 On June 26, 2002, the stockholders and Board of Directors
 of Weatherford International, Inc. (“Weatherford
 Inc.”) approved our corporate reorganization, and
 Weatherford International Ltd. (“Weatherford
 Limited”), a newly formed Bermuda company, became the
 parent holding company of Weatherford International, Inc. The
 realization of the tax benefit of this reorganization could be
 impacted by changes in tax laws, tax treaties or tax regulations
 or the interpretation or enforcement thereof or differing
 interpretation or enforcement of applicable law by the U.S.

 Internal Revenue Service or other taxing jurisdictions. The
 inability to realize this benefit could have a material impact
 on our financial statements.

 Insurance

 We currently carry a variety of insurance for our operations. We
 are partially self-insured for certain claims in amounts we
 believe to be customary and reasonable.

 Although we believe we currently maintain insurance coverage
 adequate for the risks involved, there is always a risk our
 insurance may not be sufficient to cover any particular loss or
 that our insurance may not cover all losses. For example, while
 we maintain product liability insurance, this type of insurance
 is limited in coverage and it is possible an adverse claim could
 arise in excess of our coverage. Finally, insurance rates have
 in the past been subject to wide fluctuation. Changes in
 coverage, insurance markets and our industry may result in
 further increases in our cost and higher deductibles and
 retentions.

 Bermuda
 Governance Risks

 We are a Bermuda exempt company, and it may be difficult for you
 to enforce judgments against us or our directors and executive
 officers. The rights of holders of our shares will be governed
 by Bermuda law and our memorandum of association and bye-laws.
 The rights of shareholders under Bermuda law may differ from the
 rights of shareholders of companies incorporated in other
 jurisdictions. One of our directors is not a resident of the
 U.S., and a substantial portion of our assets are located
 outside the U.S. As a result, it may be difficult for
 investors to effect service of process on those persons in the
 U.S. or to enforce in the U.S. judgments obtained in
 U.S. courts against us or those persons based on the civil
 liability provisions of the U.S. securities laws.
 Uncertainty exists as to whether courts in Bermuda will enforce
 judgments obtained in other jurisdictions, including the U.S.,
 against us or our directors or officers under the securities
 laws of those jurisdictions or entertain actions in Bermuda
 against us or our directors or officers under the securities
 laws of other jurisdictions.

 Our bye-laws restrict shareholders from bringing legal action
 against our officers and directors.

 Our bye-laws contain a broad waiver by our shareholders of any
 claim or right of action, both individually and on our behalf,
 against any of our officers or directors. The waiver applies to
 any action taken by an officer or director, or the

 14

Table of Contents

 failure of an officer or director to take any action, in the
 performance of his or her duties, except with respect to any
 matter involving any fraud or dishonesty on the part of the
 officer or director. This waiver limits the right of
 shareholders to assert claims against our officers and directors
 unless the act or failure to act involves fraud or dishonesty.

 Our bye-laws have anti-takeover provisions that may discourage a
 change of control. These anti-takeover provisions could result
 in a lower market price for our shares and may limit a
 shareholder’s ability to obtain a premium for our shares.

 Our bye-laws contain provisions that could make it more
 difficult for a third party to acquire us without the consent of
 our board of directors, even if the third party’s offer may
 be considered beneficial by many shareholders. As a result,
 shareholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium
 for their shares and this may cause the market price of our
 shares to decrease significantly. These provisions also provide
 for:

 • 

 directors to be removed only for cause;

 • 

 restrictions on the time period in which directors may be
 nominated; and

 • 

 the board of directors to determine the powers, preferences and
 rights and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions of
 our preference shares and to issue the preference shares without
 shareholder approval.

 Our board of directors may issue preference shares and determine
 their powers, preferences and rights and their qualifications,
 limitations and restrictions. The issuance of preference shares
 may delay, defer or prevent a merger, amalgamation, tender offer
 or proxy contest involving us.