.

This report contains statements referring to Whirlpool
that are not historical facts and are considered “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements, which are intended to take advantage of the “safe harbor”
provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, are based on current projections about operations, industry conditions, financial condition, liquidity, and the impact of the acquisition of Maytag. Words that identify
forward-looking statements include words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “plan,” “predict,” “potential,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,”
“project,” “intend,” “believe,” “may impact,” “on track,” and words and terms of similar substance used in 

6 

Table of Contents

connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance, a merger, or our businesses. In addition, any statements that refer to
expectations, projections, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. Those statements are not guarantees and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and
assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results could differ materially and adversely from these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Risks Relating to Our Business 

We face intense competition in the home appliance industry and failure to
successfully compete may negatively affect our business and financial performance. Each of our business segments operates in a highly competitive business environment and faces intense competition from a growing number of competitors, many of
which have strong consumer brand equity. Several of these competitors, such as LG, Samsung, and Bosch Siemens, are large, well-established companies that rank among the Global Fortune 150 and have demonstrated a commitment to success in the global
market. Competition in the global market is based on a number of factors including performance, innovation, product features, quality, cost, selling price, distribution, and financial incentives, such as cooperative advertising, co-marketing funds,
sales person incentives, volume rebates, and terms. In the past, our competitors, especially global competitors with low-cost sources of supply outside the United States, have aggressively priced their products and/or introduced new products in
order to increase market share. If we are unable to successfully compete in this highly competitive environment, our business and financial performance could be negatively affected. 

The loss of or decline in sales to any of our key trade customers, which include Sears, Lowe’s, Home Depot, and Best
Buy, could adversely affect our financial performance. We sell to a sophisticated customer base of powerful trade customers that have significant leverage as buyers over their suppliers. Most of our products are sold through purchase orders and
not through long-term contracts, which facilitates the trade customers’ ability to change volume among suppliers to obtain competitive terms. As the trade customers continue to consolidate and become larger, our trade customers may seek to use
their position to improve their profitability by various means, including, improved efficiency, lower pricing, and increased promotional programs. If we are unable to respond and meet their requirements, our profitability or volume growth could be
negatively affected. We have been a principal supplier of home appliances to Sears for many years. In 2006, approximately 14% of our consolidated net sales of $18 billion were attributable to sales to Sears. Although no other customers accounted for
greater than 10% of consolidated net sales in 2006, other customers may account for more than 10% of our consolidated net sales in future periods. The loss of, or decline in volume of, sales to Sears, Lowe’s, Home Depot, Best Buy or any other
trade customers to which we sell a significant amount of products could adversely affect our financial performance. Additionally, if these trade customers lose market share this loss could negatively impact our financial performance. 

Whirlpool may be unable to successfully integrate the business of Maytag
in a timely manner which may affect our ability to realize the full anticipated benefits of the merger. The recent acquisition of Maytag involves the integration of two companies that have previously operated independently. As with every merger,
there are potential difficulties of combining the companies’ businesses. These difficulties may include the integration of Maytag’s sales and marketing, distribution, manufacturing, engineering, finance, and administrative operations, both
domestic and international, with and into our operations. Our process of integrating operations could cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of one or more of the combined businesses and the loss of key personnel. The
diversion of management’s attention and any delays or difficulties encountered in connection with the merger and the integration of the two companies’ operations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
financial condition, or prospects after the merger. 

We expect
to generate pre-tax annualized cost savings of between $350-400 million, the majority of which is expected to be realized in 2007 with the remainder expected to be realized in 2008. We expect cost efficiencies from all areas of the value chain,
including product engineering, manufacturing and marketing, infrastructure and 

7 

Table of Contents

support areas, global procurement, and logistics. We expect to incur approximately $410 million in pre-tax, one-time costs to realize the annualized savings
estimates. Approximately $150 million of these costs are expected to impact earnings between 2006 through 2008, with the remainder included as part of purchase accounting. Achieving these benefits will depend upon how and when our business is
integrated with Maytag and whether we incur any additional costs in connection with the integration. If the anticipated benefits are not realized fully, or not realized in a timely manner, or if there are significant additional costs, these
occurrences could adversely affect our financial results. 

Changes in economic conditions could adversely affect our business. A number of economic factors, including, but not limited to, gross domestic product, consumer interest rates, consumer confidence, retail trends, housing starts,
sales of existing homes, and the level of mortgage refinancing, generally affect demand for our products. A decline in economic activity in the United States and any other markets in which we operate could adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operation. 

An inability to effectively
execute and manage our business objectives could adversely affect our financial performance. The highly competitive nature of our industry requires that we effectively execute and manage our business including our global operating platform
initiative. This initiative aims to reduce costs, drive productivity and quality improvements, and accelerate our rate of innovation. Our inability to effectively control costs and drive productivity improvements could affect our profits. In
addition, our failure to provide high-quality, innovative products could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase our sales. If we failed in this way, it could negatively affect our revenues and overall financial performance.
Additionally, our success is dependent on anticipating changes in customer preferences and on successful new product and process development and product relaunches in response to such changes. Our future results and our ability to maintain or
improve our competitive position will depend on our capacity to gauge the direction of our key markets and upon our ability to successfully and timely identify, develop, manufacture, market, and sell new or improved products in these changing
markets. 

Fluctuations and volatility in the cost of raw
materials and purchased components could adversely affect our profits. The primary materials used to produce and manufacture our products are steel, oil, plastic resins, and base metals, such as aluminum, copper, and zinc. On a global and
regional basis, the sources and prices of those materials and components are susceptible to significant price fluctuations due to supply/demand trends, transportation costs, government regulations and tariffs, changes in currency exchange rates,
price controls, the economic climate, and other unforeseen circumstances. Prices for materials are expected to increase by approximately $400 million in 2007, largely driven by increases in base metals, such as copper, aluminum, zinc and nickel, as
well as component parts and steel. Continued significant increases in these and other costs in the future could materially affect our profits. 

The ability of suppliers to deliver parts, components and manufacturing equipment to our manufacturing facilities, including our ability to manufacture
without disruption, could affect our global business performance. We use a wide range of materials and components in the global production of our products and use numerous suppliers to provide materials and components. We generally do not have
guaranteed supply arrangements with our suppliers and some key parts may be available only from a single supplier or a limited group of suppliers. Our operations and operations at suppliers’ facilities are subject to disruption for a variety of
reasons, including, but not limited to, work stoppages, fire, earthquake, flooding, or other natural disasters. Such disruption could interrupt our ability to manufacture certain products. Any significant disruption could negatively impact our
revenue and earnings performance. 

Significant differences
between actual results and estimates of the amount of future funding for our pension plans and postretirement health care benefit programs, and significant changes in funding assumptions or significant increases in funding obligations due to
regulatory changes, could adversely affect our financial results. We have both funded and unfunded noncontributory defined benefit pension plans that cover substantially all of our North American employees and certain foreign employees. We also
have unfunded 

8 

Table of Contents

postretirement health care benefit plans for eligible retired employees. The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) governs the funding
obligations for our U.S. pension plans, which are our principal pension plans. 

As of December 31, 2006, our projected benefit obligations under our pension plans and postretirement health care benefit programs exceeded the fair value of plan assets by an aggregate of approximately $2.19
billion ($850 million of which was attributable to pension plans and $1.34 billion of which was attributable to postretirement health care benefits). Estimates for the amount and timing of the future funding obligations of these pension plans and
postretirement health care benefit plans are based on various assumptions. These assumptions include the discount rates, expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, and health care cost trend rates. These assumptions are subject to change
based on interest rates on high quality bonds, stock and bond market returns, and health care cost trend rates. Significant differences in results or significant changes in assumptions may materially affect our postretirement obligations and related
future expense. 

Environmental and health and safety laws
and regulations may adversely affect Whirlpool. We are subject to various laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and human health and safety. We incur and will continue to incur capital and other expenditures to
comply with these regulations. Complying with recently passed and enacted regulations in Europe, such as the WEEE and ROHS (Restriction of Hazardous Substances) directives, may increase our costs and adversely affect our ability to sell certain
products in Europe. These types of costs could negatively affect our financial performance. Additionally, we could be subjected to future liabilities, fines or penalties or the suspension of product production for failing to comply with
environmental regulations. Cleanup obligations that might arise at any of our manufacturing sites or the imposition of more stringent environmental laws in the future could adversely affect us. 

Product liability claims may adversely affect us. We face an inherent
business risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that the use of any of our products results in personal injury or property damage. In the event that any of our products proves to be defective, we may need to recall or redesign
such products. There can be no guarantee that our insurance coverage against certain product liability claims will continue to be available on acceptable terms or that such coverage will be adequate for liabilities we incur. We also face certain
class action litigation regarding allegedly defective products that insurance does not cover. A successful claim in excess of, or outside of, our available insurance coverage may have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. In
addition, any claim or product recall that results in significant adverse publicity may negatively affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

A deterioration in labor relations could negatively impact our global business. As of December 31, 2006, we had
approximately 73,000 employees. Of those employees, various labor unions with separate collective bargaining agreements represent approximately 60%. Our current collective bargaining agreements generally have three year terms. Due to the large
number of collective bargaining agreements, we are periodically in negotiations with certain of the unions representing our employees. We cannot be assured that at some point we will not be subject to employee work stoppages and, if such events were
to occur, that there would not be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Further, we cannot be assured that we will be able to renew the various collective bargaining agreements on the same or
similar terms, or at all, which could also affect our business, financial condition, or results of operation. 

Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services, and brands. We
consider our intellectual property rights, including patents, trademarks, trade secrets, and licensing agreements, to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination
of patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret laws, as well as licensing agreements and third party nondisclosure and assignment agreements. Our failure to obtain or adequately protect our trademarks, products, new features of our products, or
our processes may diminish our competitiveness. 

9 

Table of Contents

We have applied for patent protection in the United States and other jurisdictions with respect to
certain innovations and new products, product features, and processes. We cannot be assured that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or any other jurisdiction will approve any of our patent applications. Additionally, the patents we own could be
challenged, invalidated, or others could design around our patents and the patents may not be of sufficient scope or strength to provide us with any meaningful protection or commercial advantage. Further, the laws of certain foreign countries in
which we do business or contemplate doing business in the future do not recognize intellectual property rights or protect them to the same extent as United States law. As a result, these factors could weaken our competitive advantage with respect to
our products, services, and brands in foreign jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 

Moreover, while we do not believe that any of our products infringe the valid intellectual property rights of third parties, we may be unaware of
others’ intellectual property rights that may cover some of our technology, brands, products, or services. Any litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our
management and key personnel from our business operations. Claims of intellectual property infringement might also require us to enter into costly license agreements. We also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development
and sale of certain products. 

Future changes in financial
accounting standards or practices or existing taxation rules or practices may cause adverse unexpected revenue fluctuations and affect our reported results of operations. A change in accounting standards or practices or a change in existing
taxation rules or practices can have a significant effect on our reported results and may even affect our reporting of transactions completed before the change is effective. New accounting pronouncements and taxation rules and varying
interpretations of accounting pronouncements and taxation practices have occurred and may occur in the future. In June 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued FASB Interpretation No. 48, “Accounting for Uncertainty
in Income Taxes—an Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109,” or FIN 48, which clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income tax positions. This Interpretation requires that we recognize in our financial statements the impact of
a tax position if that position is more likely than not to be sustained on audit, based on the technical merits of the position. The provisions of FIN 48 are effective on January 1, 2007, with the cumulative effect of the change in accounting
principle, if any, recorded as an adjustment to opening retained earnings. Based on our evaluation, as of December 31, 2006, we do not believe that FIN 48 will have a material impact on our financial statements. Changes to existing rules or the
questioning of current practices may adversely affect our reported financial results or the way we conduct our business. 

Foreign currency fluctuations may affect our financial performance. We generate a significant portion of our revenue and incur a significant
portion of our expenses in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Changes in the functional currencies of those operations affect the value of our revenue and earnings from our foreign operations. We use currency forwards and options to manage our
foreign currency transaction exposures. We cannot completely eliminate our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, which may adversely affect our financial performance. In addition, because our consolidated financial results are reported in
dollars, if we generate sales or earnings in other currencies the translation of those results into dollars can result in a significant increase or decrease in the amount of those sales or earnings. 

If we cannot manage the additional challenges of our international
operations, our financial performance may suffer. For the year ended December 31, 2006, we derived approximately 34% of our net sales from outside of North America, including 19% in Europe, 13% in Latin America, and 2% in Asia. We expect
that international sales will continue to account for a significant percentage of our net sales in the foreseeable future. Accordingly, we face numerous risks associated with conducting international operations, any of which could negatively affect
our financial performance. These risks include the following: 

•

 Changes in foreign country regulatory requirements; 

•

 Various import/export restrictions and the availability of required import/export licenses; 

10 

Table of Contents

•

 Imposition of foreign tariffs and other trade barriers; 

•

 Political, legal, and economic instability; 

•

 Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

•

 Inflation; 

•

 Work stoppages and disruptions in the shipping of imported and exported products; 

•

 Government price controls; 

•

 Extended payment terms and the ability to collect accounts receivable; and 

•

 The ability to repatriate cash. 

Additionally, we are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage to foreign companies that are not
subject to similar regulations. 

Terrorist attacks, armed
conflicts, natural disasters, and epidemics could affect our domestic and international sales, disrupt our supply chain, and impair our ability to produce and deliver our products. Such events could directly impact our physical facilities or those
of our suppliers or customers, both in the United States and elsewhere.