. 

This report contains statements
referring to Whirlpool that are not historical facts and are considered “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements, which are intended to take advantage of the
“safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities 

5 

Table of Contents

Litigation Reform Act of 1995, are based on current projections about operations, industry conditions, financial condition, liquidity, and the impact of the
acquisition of Maytag. Words that identify forward-looking statements include words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “plan,” “predict,” “potential,” “anticipate,”
“estimate,” “expect,” “project,” “intend,” “believe,” “may impact,” “on track,” and words and terms of similar substance used in connection with any discussion of future operating
or financial performance, a merger, or our businesses. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking
statements. Those statements are not guarantees and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results could differ materially and adversely from these forward-looking statements. These
risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Risks Relating to Our Business 

We face intense competition in the home appliance industry and failure to successfully compete may negatively affect our business and financial
performance. Each of our business segments operates in a highly competitive business environment and faces intense competition from a growing number of competitors, many of which have strong consumer brand equity. Several of these competitors,
such as LG, Samsung, and Bosch Siemens, are large, well-established companies that rank among the Global Fortune 150 and have demonstrated a commitment to success in the global market. Competition in the global market is based on a number of factors
including performance, innovation, product features, quality, cost, selling price, distribution, and financial incentives, such as cooperative advertising, co-marketing funds, sales person incentives, volume rebates, and terms. In the past, our
competitors, especially global competitors with low-cost sources of supply outside the United States, have aggressively priced their products and/or introduced new products in order to increase market share. If we are unable to successfully compete
in this highly competitive environment, our business and financial performance could be negatively affected. 

The loss of or decline in
sales to any of our key trade customers, which include Sears, Lowe’s, Home Depot, and Best Buy, could adversely affect our financial performance. We sell to a sophisticated customer base of powerful trade customers that have significant
leverage as buyers over their suppliers. Most of our products are not sold through long-term contracts, which facilitates the trade customers’ ability to change volume among suppliers to obtain competitive terms. As the trade customers continue
to consolidate and become larger, our trade customers may seek to use their position to improve their profitability by various means, including improved efficiency, lower pricing, and increased promotional programs. If we are unable to respond and
meet their requirements, our profitability or volume growth could be negatively affected. We have been a principal supplier of home appliances to Sears for many years. In 2007, approximately 12% of our consolidated net sales of $19 billion were
attributable to sales to Sears. Although no other customers accounted for greater than 10% of consolidated net sales in 2007, other customers may account for more than 10% of our consolidated net sales in future periods. The loss of, or decline in
volume of, sales to Sears, Lowe’s, Home Depot, Best Buy or any other trade customers to which we sell a significant amount of products could adversely affect our financial performance. Additionally, if these trade customers lose market share
this loss could negatively impact our financial performance. 

Changes in economic conditions could adversely affect our business. A
number of economic factors, including, but not limited to, gross domestic product, consumer interest rates, consumer confidence, retail trends, housing starts, sales of existing homes, and the level of mortgage refinancing, generally affect demand
for our products. A decline in economic activity in the United States and any other markets in which we operate could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

An inability to effectively execute and manage our business objectives could adversely affect our financial performance. The highly competitive
nature of our industry requires that we effectively execute and manage our business including our global operating platform initiative and our Maytag strategy. Our global operating 

6 

Table of Contents

platform initiative aims to reduce costs, drive productivity and quality improvements, and accelerate our rate of innovation. Our Maytag strategy calls for
us to create cost efficiencies through the integration of Maytag operations into legacy Whirlpool operations and to use our innovation pipeline to reinvigorate Maytag brands. Our inability to effectively control costs and drive productivity
improvements could affect our profits. In addition, our failure to provide high-quality, innovative products could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase our sales. If we failed in this way, it could negatively affect our revenues and
overall financial performance. Additionally, our success is dependent on anticipating changes in customer preferences and on successful new product and process development and product relaunches in response to such changes. Failure to execute our
Maytag strategy may result in our inability to realize the full anticipated benefits of the merger. Our future results and our ability to maintain or improve our competitive position will depend on our capacity to gauge the direction of our key
markets and upon our ability to successfully and timely identify, develop, manufacture, market, and sell new or improved products in these changing markets. 

Fluctuations and volatility in the cost of raw materials and purchased components could adversely affect our profits. The primary materials used to produce and manufacture our products are steel, oil, plastic
resins, and base metals, such as aluminum, copper, zinc, and nickel. On a global and regional basis, the sources and prices of those materials and components are susceptible to significant price fluctuations due to supply/demand trends,
transportation costs, government regulations and tariffs, changes in currency exchange rates, price controls, the economic climate, and other unforeseen circumstances. Prices for materials and oil related costs are expected to increase by
approximately $350 million in 2008, largely driven by increases in base metals, such as copper, aluminum, zinc and nickel, as well as component parts and steel. Continued significant increases in these and other costs in the future could materially
affect our profits. 

The ability of suppliers to deliver parts, components and manufacturing equipment to our manufacturing facilities,
including our ability to manufacture without disruption, could affect our global business performance. We use a wide range of materials and components in the global production of our products and use numerous suppliers to provide materials and
components. We generally do not have guaranteed supply arrangements with our suppliers and some key parts may be available only from a single supplier or a limited group of suppliers. Our operations and operations at suppliers’ facilities are
subject to disruption for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, work stoppages, fire, earthquake, flooding, or other natural disasters. Such disruption could interrupt our ability to manufacture certain products. Any significant
disruption could negatively impact our revenue and earnings performance. 

Our ability to attract, develop and retain executives and
other qualified employees is crucial to our results of operations and future growth. We depend upon the continued services and performance of our key executives, senior management and skilled personnel, particularly our professionals with
experience in our business and operations and the home appliance industry. We cannot be sure that any of these individuals will continue to be employed by us. A lengthy period of time is required to hire and develop replacement personnel when
skilled personnel depart Whirlpool. An inability to hire, develop and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees could materially hinder our business by, for example, delaying our ability to bring new products to market or impairing the
success of our operations.

Significant differences between actual results and estimates of the amount of future funding for our
pension plans and postretirement health care benefit programs, and significant changes in funding assumptions or significant increases in funding obligations due to regulatory changes, could adversely affect our financial results. We have both
funded and unfunded noncontributory defined benefit pension plans that cover most of our North American employees and certain foreign employees. We also have unfunded postretirement health care benefit plans for eligible retired employees. The
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) governs the funding obligations for our U.S. pension plans, which are our principal pension plans. Our U.S. defined benefit plans were frozen as of December 31, 2006 for substantially all
participants. For 2007 and beyond, Whirlpool employees may participate in an enhanced defined contribution plan. 

7 

Table of Contents

As of December 31, 2007, our projected benefit obligations under our pension plans and
postretirement health care benefit programs exceeded the fair value of plan assets by an aggregate of approximately $1.9 billion ($730 million of which was attributable to pension plans and $1.15 billion of which was attributable to postretirement
health care benefits). Estimates for the amount and timing of the future funding obligations of these pension plans and postretirement health care benefit plans are based on various assumptions. These assumptions include the discount rates, expected
long-term rate of return on plan assets, and health care cost trend rates. These assumptions are subject to change based on interest rates on high quality bonds, stock and bond market returns, and health care cost trend rates. Significant
differences in results or significant changes in assumptions may materially affect our postretirement obligations and related future expense. 

Environmental and health and safety laws and regulations may adversely affect Whirlpool. We are subject to various laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and human health and safety. We incur and will
continue to incur capital and other expenditures to comply with these regulations. These types of costs could negatively affect our financial performance. Additionally, we could be subjected to future liabilities, fines or penalties or the
suspension of product production for failing to comply with environmental regulations. Cleanup obligations that might arise at any of our manufacturing sites or the imposition of more stringent environmental laws in the future could adversely affect
us. 

Litigation may adversely affect us. We face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that
the use of any of our products results in personal injury or property damage. In the event that any of our products proves to be defective, we may need to recall or redesign such products. There can be no guarantee that our insurance coverage
against certain product liability claims will continue to be available on acceptable terms or that such coverage will be adequate for liabilities we incur. We also face certain class action litigation regarding allegedly defective products that
insurance does not cover. A successful claim in excess of, or outside of, our available insurance coverage may have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. In addition, any claim or product recall that results in significant adverse
publicity may negatively affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

A deterioration in labor relations could
negatively impact our global business. As of December 31, 2007, we had approximately 73,000 employees. Of those employees, various labor unions with separate collective bargaining agreements represent approximately 60%. Our current
collective bargaining agreements generally have three year terms. Due to the large number of collective bargaining agreements, we are periodically in negotiations with certain of the unions representing our employees. We cannot be assured that at
some point we will not be subject to employee work stoppages and, if such events were to occur, that there would not be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Further, we cannot be assured that we
will be able to renew the various collective bargaining agreements on the same or similar terms, or at all, which could also affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services, and brands. We
consider our intellectual property rights, including patents, trademarks, trade secrets, and licensing agreements, to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination
of patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret laws, as well as licensing agreements and third party nondisclosure and assignment agreements. Our failure to obtain or adequately protect our trademarks, products, new features of our products, or
our processes may diminish our competitiveness. 

We have applied for patent protection in the United States and other jurisdictions with
respect to certain innovations and new products, product features, and processes. We cannot be assured that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or any other jurisdiction will approve any of our patent applications. Additionally, the patents we own
could be challenged, invalidated, or others could design around our patents and the patents may not be of sufficient scope or strength to provide us with any meaningful protection or commercial advantage. Further, the laws of certain foreign
countries in which we do business or contemplate doing business in the future do not 

8 

Table of Contents

recognize intellectual property rights or protect them to the same extent as United States law. As a result, these factors could weaken our competitive
advantage with respect to our products, services, and brands in foreign jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 

Moreover, while we do not believe that any of our products infringe the valid intellectual property rights of third parties, others may assert intellectual property rights that cover some of our technology, brands, products, or services.
Any litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Claims of intellectual property infringement might
also require us to enter into costly license agreements. We also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development and sale of certain products. 

Foreign currency fluctuations may affect our financial performance. We generate a significant portion of our revenue and incur a significant portion of our expenses in currencies other than the U.S. dollar.
Changes in the functional currencies of those operations affect the value of our revenue and earnings from our foreign operations. We use currency forwards and options to manage our foreign currency transaction exposures. We cannot completely
eliminate our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, which may adversely affect our financial performance. In addition, because our consolidated financial results are reported in dollars, if we generate sales or earnings in other currencies the
translation of those results into dollars can result in a significant increase or decrease in the amount of those sales or earnings. 

If
we cannot manage the additional challenges of our international operations, our financial performance may suffer. For the year ended December 31, 2007, we derived approximately 40% of our net sales from outside of North America (which
includes Canada and Mexico), including 20% in Europe, 18% in Latin America, and 2% in Asia. We expect that international sales will continue to account for a significant percentage of our net sales in the foreseeable future. Accordingly, we face
numerous risks associated with conducting international operations, any of which could negatively affect our financial performance. These risks include the following: 

•

 changes in foreign country regulatory requirements; 

•

 various import/export restrictions and the availability of required import/export licenses; 

•

 imposition of foreign tariffs and other trade barriers; 

•

 political, legal, and economic instability; 

•

 foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

•

 inflation; 

•

 work stoppages and disruptions in the shipping of imported and exported products; 

•

 government price controls; 

•

 extended payment terms and the ability to collect accounts receivable; and 

•

 the ability to repatriate cash. 

Additionally, we are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage to foreign companies that are not subject to similar regulations. 

Terrorist attacks, armed conflicts, natural disasters, and epidemics could affect our domestic and international sales, disrupt our supply chain, and
impair our ability to produce and deliver our products. Such events could directly impact our physical facilities or those of our suppliers or customers, both in the United States and elsewhere. 

9 

Table of Contents