. 

        This report contains statements referring to Whirlpool that are not historical facts and are considered "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements, which are intended to take advantage of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, are
based on current projections about operations, industry conditions, financial condition, liquidity, and the impact of the pending merger with Maytag. Words such as "may," "will," "should," "plan,"
"predict," "potential," "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "intend," "believe," "may impact," "on track," and words and terms of similar substance used in connection with any discussion of
future operating or financial performance, the merger, or our businesses, identify forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections, or other
characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. Those statements are not guarantees and are subject to risks, uncertainties,
and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results could differ materially and adversely from these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not
limited to, the following: 

Risks Relating to Our Business 

We face intense competition in the home appliance industry and failure to successfully compete may negatively affect our business and
financial performance.

 Each of our business segments operates in a highly competitive business environment and faces intense competition from a growing number of competitors,
including an increasing number of foreign-based competitors, which have strong consumer brand equity. Several, such as LG, Samsung, and Bosch, are large well-established companies that
rank among the Global Fortune 150 and have demonstrated a commitment to North America through competitive imports and North American production. The elements of competition include cost, selling
price, distribution and other financial incentives (such as cooperative advertising, co-marketing funds, sales person incentives, volume rebates, and terms), performance, innovation,
product features, and quality. In particular, in the past, our competitors, especially global competitors with low-cost sources of supply outside the United States, have aggressively
priced their products and/or introduced new products in order to increase market share. If we are unable to successfully compete in this highly competitive environment, our business and financial
performance could be negatively affected. 

The loss of or decline in sales to any of our key trade customers, including Sears, Lowe's, and Best Buy, could adversely affect our financial
performance.

 We sell to a customer base characterized by
sophisticated and powerful trade customers that have significant leverage as buyers over their suppliers. Most of our products are sold through purchase orders and not through long-term
contracts, which facilitates the trade customers' ability to change volume among suppliers to obtain competitive terms. As the trade customers continue to consolidate and become larger, our trade
customers may seek to use their position to improve their profitability, including through improved efficiency, lower pricing and increased promotional programs. If we are unable to respond by meeting
their requirements, our profitability or volume growth could be negatively affected. We have been a principal supplier of home appliances to Sears for many years. In 2005, approximately 16% of
Whirlpool's consolidated net sales of $14 billion were attributable to Sears. Although no other customer accounted for greater than 10% of consolidated net sales in 2005, other customers may
account for more than 10% of our consolidated net sales in future periods. It should also be noted Maytag has reported that in 2005, approximately 10% of Maytag's consolidated net sales were
attributable to Sears and approximately 14% to Home Depot. The loss of, or decline in volume of, sales to Sears, Lowe's, Best Buy or any other trade customers to which we sell a significant amount of
products could adversely affect our financial performance. Additionally, any loss of market share by any such trade customers could have a negative impact on our financial performance. 

Our business could be adversely affected by changes in economic conditions. 

Demand for our products is generally affected by a number of
economic factors, including, but not limited to, gross domestic product, 

8

consumer
interest rates, consumer confidence, retail trends, housing starts, sales of existing homes, and the level of mortgage refinancing. A decline in economic activity in the United States and any
other markets in which we operate could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation. 

Our financial performance could be adversely affected by an inability to effectively execute and manage our business objectives.

 The
highly competitive nature of our industry requires that we effectively execute and manage our business including our global operating platform initiative, which aims to reduce costs, drive
productivity and quality improvements and accelerate our rate of innovation. Our inability to effectively control costs and drive productivity improvements could affect our profits. In addition, our
failure to provide high-quality, innovative products could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase our sales, which could negatively affect our revenues and overall financial
performance. Additionally, our success is dependent on anticipating changes in customer preferences and on successful new product and process development and product relaunches in response to such
changes. Our future results and our ability to maintain or improve our competitive position will depend on our capacity to gauge the direction of our key markets and upon our ability to successfully
and timely identify, develop, manufacture, market and sell new or improved products in these changing markets. 

Fluctuations and volatility in the cost of raw materials and purchased components could adversely affect our profits

. The primary
materials used to produce and manufacture our products are steel, oil, plastic resins, and base metals such as copper and zinc. On a global and regional basis, the sources and prices of those
materials and components are susceptible to significant price fluctuations due to supply/demand trends, transportation costs, government regulations and tariffs, changes in currency
exchange rates, price controls, the economic climate, and other unforeseen circumstances. During 2005, our business incurred approximately $530 million of higher material and
oil-related costs. Continued significant increases in these and other costs in the future could materially affect our profits. 

Our global business performance could be affected by the ability of suppliers to deliver parts, components and manufacturing equipment to our manufacturing
facilities.

 We use a wide range of materials and components in the global production of our products and use numerous suppliers to provide materials and components. We
generally do not have guaranteed supply arrangements with our suppliers and some key parts may be available only from a single supplier or a limited group of suppliers. Operations at suppliers'
facilities are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to work stoppages, fire, earthquake, flooding, or other natural disasters. Such disruption could interrupt our
ability to manufacture certain products. Any significant disruption could negatively impact our revenue and earnings performance. 

Our financial results could be adversely affected by significant differences between actual results and estimates of the amount of future funding for our pension
plans and post-retirement health care benefit programs, significant changes in funding assumptions, or significant increases in funding obligations if pending U.S. pension reform
legislation is adopted.

 We have both funded and unfunded noncontributory defined benefit pension plans that cover substantially all of our North American employees and certain
foreign employees. We also have unfunded post-retirement health care benefit plans for eligible retired employees. The funding obligations for our U.S. pension plans, which are our
principal pension plans, are governed by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA). 

        As
of December 31, 2005, our projected benefit obligations under our pension plans and post-retirement health care benefit programs exceeded the fair value of plan
assets by an aggregate of approximately $1.28 billion ($576 million of which was attributable to pension plans and $701 million to post-retirement health care
benefits). Estimates for the amount and timing of the future funding obligations of these pension plans and post-retirement health care benefit plans are based on various assumptions.
These include, among others, the discount rates, expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and health care cost trend rates. These assumptions are subject to change based on
interest rates on high quality bonds, stock and bond market returns, and medical assets and health care cost trend rates. 

9

Significant
differences in results or significant changes in assumptions may materially affect our post-retirement obligations and related future expense. 

        Pension
reform legislation is pending in Congress including, among other things, proposals for new funding targets, changes to Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation premiums, and
restrictions on nonqualified benefit payments to certain employees in situations where the plan fails to meet certain minimum funding thresholds. If any of these legislative proposals are enacted into
law, our funding
obligations to the U.S. pension plans could be increased, which could adversely affect our financial results. 

        It
should be noted that as of December 31, 2005, Maytag's reported projected benefit obligations under its pension plans and post-retirement health care benefit
programs exceeded the fair value of plan assets by an aggregate of approximately $1.33 billion ($580 million of which was attributable to pension plans and $751 million to
post-retirement health care programs). 

We may be adversely affected by environmental, and health and safety laws and regulations.

 We are subject to various laws and regulations
relating to the protection of the environment and human health and safety. We incur and will continue to incur capital and other expenditures to comply with these regulations. Complying with recently
passed and enacted regulations in Europe such as the WEEE directive may increase our costs and adversely affect our ability to sell certain products in Europe, which could negatively affect our
financial performance. Additionally, we could be subjected to future liabilities, fines, or penalties, or the suspension of product production for failing to comply with environmental regulations. If
cleanup obligations arise at any of our manufacturing sites or if more stringent environmental laws are imposed in the future, we could be adversely affected. 

We may be adversely affected by product liability claims. 

We face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims in the
event that the use of any of our products results in personal injury or property damage. In the event that any of our products proves to be defective, we may be required to recall or redesign such
products. There can be no assurance that our insurance coverage against certain product liability claims will continue to be available on acceptable terms or that such coverage will be adequate for
liabilities actually incurred. We also face certain class action litigation regarding allegedly defective products that are not covered by insurance. A successful claim in excess of, or outside of,
our available insurance coverage may have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. In addition, any claim or product recall that results in significant adverse publicity may also
negatively affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

        Lastly,
we are currently investigating a supplier-related quality and potential product safety problem that may affect up to 3.5 million appliances manufactured between 2000 and
2002. We currently estimate that the potential cost from this matter could be in the range of $0 to $235 million, depending on numerous factors, such as whether some or all of the appliances
must be repaired or replaced, whether the supplier will bear the cost of any corrective action, whether we will initially bear the cost of any corrective action, and if we initially bear the cost of
any corrective action, whether we will be successful in recovering those costs from the supplier at a later date. In addition, we could incur other costs arising out of this matter, which cannot
currently be estimated but could be material. 

Our global business could be negatively impacted by a deterioration in labor relations.

 As of December 31, 2005, we had
approximately 66,000 employees. Of those employees, approximately 60% are represented by various labor unions with separate collective bargaining agreements. Our current collective bargaining
agreements generally have three year terms. Due to the large number of collective bargaining agreements, we are periodically in negotiations with certain of the unions representing our employees. We
cannot be assured that at some point we will not be subject to work stoppages by some of our employees and, if such events were to occur, that there would not be a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition or results of operations. Further, we cannot be assured that we will be able to renew the various collective bargaining agreements on the same or similar terms, or at
all, which could affect our business, financial condition or results of operation. 

10

Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services, and
brands.

 We consider our intellectual property rights, including patents, trademarks and licensing agreements, to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. We
attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as licensing agreements and third party nondisclosure and
assignment agreements. Our failure to obtain or adequately protect our trademarks, products, new features of our products, or our processes may diminish our competitiveness. 

        We
have applied for patent protection in the United States and other jurisdictions with respect to certain innovative and new products, product features, and processes. We cannot be
assured that any of our patent applications will be approved by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or any other jurisdiction. Additionally, the patents we own could be challenged, invalidated or
designed around by others and may not be of sufficient scope or strength to provide us with any meaningful protection or commercial advantage. Further, the laws of certain foreign countries in which
we do business or contemplate doing business in the future do not recognize intellectual property rights or protect them to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. As a result, our
competitive advantage with respect to our products, services, and brands could be reduced in foreign jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 

        Moreover,
while we do not believe that any of our products infringe the valid intellectual property rights of third parties, we may be unaware of intellectual property rights of others
that may cover some of our technology, brands, products or services. Any litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and could divert the
attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Claims of intellectual property infringement might also require us to enter into costly license agreements. We also may be
subject to significant damages or injunctions against development and sale of certain products. 

Foreign currency fluctuations may affect our financial performance. 

We generate a significant portion of our revenue and incur a
significant portion of our expenses in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The value of our revenue, earnings and cash flows from our foreign operations are affected by changes
in the functional currencies of those operations. We use currency forwards and options to manage our foreign currency transaction exposures but do not directly hedge our exposure on translation of
reported earnings. As a result, we cannot completely eliminate our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, which may adversely affect our financial performance. In addition, because our
consolidated financial results are reported in dollars, if we generate sales or earnings in other currencies the translation of those results into dollars can result in a significant increase or
decrease in the amount of those sales or earnings. 

If we cannot manage the additional challenges presented by our international operations, our financial performance may suffer.

 For the
year ended December 31, 2005, we derived approximately 40% of our net sales from outside of North America, including 14% in Latin America, 3% in Asia, and 22% in Europe. We expect that
international sales will continue to account for a significant percentage of our net sales in the foreseeable future. Accordingly, we face numerous risks associated with conducting international
operations, any of which could negatively affect our financial performance. These risks include the following: 

•

Changes
in foreign country regulatory requirements;

•

Various
import/export restrictions and the availability of required import/export licenses;

•

Imposition
of foreign tariffs and other trade barriers;

•

Political,
legal and economic instability;

•

Foreign
currency exchange rate fluctuations;

•

Inflation;

11

•

Work
stoppages and disruptions in the shipping of imported and exported products;

•

Government
price controls;

•

Extended
payment terms and the ability to collect accounts receivable; and

•

The
ability to repatriate cash. 

        Additionally,
we are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act which may place us at a competitive disadvantage to foreign companies that are not subject to similar regulations. 

        Terrorist
attacks, armed conflicts, natural disasters and epidemics could affect our domestic and international sales, disrupt our supply chain and impair our ability to produce and
deliver our products. Such events could directly impact our physical facilities or those of our suppliers or customers, both in the United States and elsewhere. 

Risks Relating to the Pending Maytag Acquisition 

Our inability to complete the merger for regulatory or other reasons, or our inability to close the transaction in a timely manner, could
adversely affect our financial performance.

 The Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice is reviewing the proposed merger and we cannot be assured that the proposed
merger will obtain regulatory clearance or that the other conditions to closing will be satisfied. We currently expect the merger with Maytag will enhance our ability to compete by generating
approximately $300 to $400 million of annual pre-tax savings by the third year following completion of the merger. Failure to close the merger would prevent us from realizing the
expected synergies and would also subject us to substantial additional costs. In connection with the transaction, Whirlpool has paid $40 million to reimburse Maytag for its payment of a fee to
terminate its prior agreement with Triton Acquisition Holding Co. and has agreed to pay Maytag up to $15 million to assist Maytag in retaining key employees while the merger is pending
(irrespective of whether the merger occurs), as well as a "reverse break-up fee" of $120 million under certain circumstances if the transaction cannot be closed due to an inability
to obtain regulatory clearance. In addition, Whirlpool has and will incur other significant transaction-related costs. 

Maytag is subject to business uncertainties while the merger is pending which may subsequently adversely affect our business after the merger is
completed.

 Uncertainty about the effect of the merger on employees and customers may have an adverse effect on Maytag and consequently on us once the transaction is completed.
These uncertainties may impair Maytag's ability to retain and motivate key personnel until the merger is completed, and could cause customers and others that deal with Maytag to defer purchases or
other decisions concerning Maytag, or to seek to change existing business relationships with Maytag. If key employees depart because of uncertainty about their future roles and the potential
complexities of integration, we could be harmed following completion of the merger. 

Whirlpool may be unable to successfully integrate the businesses of Maytag in a timely manner which may affect our ability to realize the full anticipated
benefits of the merger.

 The merger involves the integration of two companies that have previously operated independently. As with every merger, there are potential difficulties
of combining the companies' businesses. These may include the integration of Maytag's sales and marketing, distribution, manufacturing, engineering, finance, and administrative operations, both
domestic and international, with and into our operations. Our process of integrating operations could cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of one or more of the combined
company's businesses and the loss of key personnel. The diversion of management's attention and any delays or difficulties encountered in connection with the merger and the integration of the two
companies' operations of these businesses could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects after the merger. 

12

        We
expect certain efficiencies to arise from the merger, generating certain cost savings, and expect that achieving these efficiencies will require one-time costs and capital
investment currently estimated to be in the range of $350 million to $500 million. Achievement of these benefits will depend in part upon how and when our business is integrated with
Maytag and whether there are any additional costs incurred in connection with the integration. If the anticipated benefits are not realized fully or in a timely manner, or if there are significant
additional costs, our financial results could be adversely affected.