. 

This report contains statements referring to Whirlpool that are not historical facts and are considered “forward-looking
statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements, which are intended to take advantage of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995,
are based on current projections about operations, industry conditions, financial condition and liquidity. Words that identify forward-looking statements include words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “plan,”
“predict,” “potential,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,” “project,” “intend,” “believe,” “may impact,” “on track,” and words and terms of similar
substance used in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance, a merger, or our businesses. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections, or other characterizations of future events or
circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. Those statements are not guarantees and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results could differ
materially and adversely from these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Risks Relating to Our Business 

Changes in economic conditions could adversely affect demand for our products. A
number of economic factors, including, but not limited to, gross domestic product, availability of consumer credit, interest rates, consumer confidence and debt levels, retail trends, housing starts, sales of existing homes, the level of mortgage
refinancing, and foreign currency exchange rates, generally affect demand for our products. Higher unemployment rates, higher fuel and other energy costs, and higher tax rates adversely affect demand. The decline in economic activity and conditions
in the United States and the other markets in which we operate has, and may continue to, adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations for the foreseeable future. 

The global financial crisis could adversely affect our business and financial performance. The ongoing global financial crisis has tightened
credit markets and lowered liquidity levels. Lower credit availability may increase borrowing costs. Some of our suppliers are experiencing serious financial problems due to reduced access to credit and lower revenues. Financial duress may prompt
some of our suppliers to seek to renegotiate supply terms with us, reduce production or file for bankruptcy protection. Our customers may be unable to obtain financing to purchase products and meet their payment obligations to us. In addition, the
financial crisis could result in the insolvency of one or more of our customers. The occurrence of any or all of these events may adversely affect our operations, earnings, cash flows and/or financial position. 

The loss of or substantial decline in sales to any of our key trade customers, which include Sears, Lowe’s, Home Depot, Casas Bahia, Best Buy,
Ikea, major buying groups, and builders, could adversely affect our financial performance. We sell to a sophisticated customer base of large trade customers that have significant leverage as buyers over their suppliers. Most of our products are
not sold through long-term contracts, which facilitates the trade customers’ ability to change volume among suppliers. As the trade customers continue to become larger, they may seek to use their position to improve their profitability by
various means, including improved efficiency, lower pricing, and increased promotional programs. If we are unable to meet their requirements, our volume growth and financial results could be negatively affected. We have been a major supplier of home
appliances to Sears for many years. In 2008, 2007, and 2006, approximately 11%, 12% and 14%, respectively, of our consolidated net sales were attributable to sales to Sears of OEM and Whirlpool brand products. The loss of, or substantial decline in
volume of, sales to Sears, Lowe’s, Home Depot, Casas Bahia, Best Buy, Ikea, major buying groups or builders, or any other trade customers to which we sell a significant amount of products, could adversely affect our financial performance.
Additionally, if these trade customers lose market share, this loss could negatively impact our financial performance. 

We face intense
competition in the home appliance industry and failure to successfully compete may negatively affect our business and financial performance. Each of our business segments operates in a highly 

6 

competitive business environment and faces intense competition from a growing number of competitors, many of which have strong consumer brand equity. Several
of these competitors, such as LG, Samsung, Bosch Siemens and General Electric are large, well-established companies that rank among the Global Fortune 150 and have demonstrated a commitment to success in the global market. Competition in the global
market is based on a number of factors including performance, innovation, product features and design, quality, cost, selling price, distribution, and financial incentives, such as cooperative advertising, co-marketing funds, sales person
incentives, volume rebates, and terms. In the past, our competitors, especially global competitors with low-cost sources of supply outside the United States, have aggressively priced their products and/or introduced new products in order to increase
market share. If we are unable to successfully compete in this highly competitive environment, our business and financial performance could be negatively affected. 

Foreign currency fluctuations may affect our financial performance. We generate a significant portion of our revenue and incur a significant portion of our expenses in currencies other than the U.S. dollar.
Changes in the exchange rates of functional currencies of those operations affect the U.S. dollar value of our revenue and earnings from our foreign operations. Recent extreme volatility in the foreign exchange markets has increased our risk. We use
currency forwards and options to manage our foreign currency transaction exposures. We cannot completely eliminate our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, which may adversely affect our financial performance. In addition, because our
consolidated financial results are reported in dollars, if we generate sales or earnings in other currencies the translation of those results into dollars can result in a significant increase or decrease in the amount of those sales or earnings.

Litigation may adversely affect us. We face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that the
use of any of our products results in personal injury or property damage. In the event that any of our products proves to be defective, we may need to recall or redesign such products. There can be no guarantee that insurance coverage against
certain product liability claims will continue to be available on acceptable terms or that such coverage will be adequate for liabilities we incur. We also face certain class action litigation regarding allegedly defective products that insurance
does not cover. A successful claim in excess of, or outside of, our available insurance coverage may have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. In addition, any claim or product recall that results in significant adverse publicity
may negatively affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

We regularly engage in investigations of potential
quality and safety issues as part of our ongoing effort to deliver quality products to our customers. We are currently investigating a limited number of potential quality and safety issues, including a supplier-related quality and potential product
safety problem that may affect 1 million appliances manufactured between 2001 and 2003. Actual costs of these issues and any future issues depend upon several factors, including the number of consumers who respond to a particular recall, repair
and administrative costs, whether the cost of any corrective action is borne initially by Whirlpool or the supplier, and, if initially borne by Whirlpool, whether we will be successful in recovering our costs from the supplier. The actual costs
incurred as a result of these issues and any future issues could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

An inability to effectively execute and manage our business objectives could adversely affect our financial performance. The highly competitive nature of our industry requires that we effectively execute and
manage our business including our global operating platform initiative. Our global operating platform initiative aims to reduce costs, drive productivity and quality improvements, and accelerate our rate of innovation. Our inability to effectively
control costs and drive productivity improvements could affect our profits. In addition, our failure to provide high-quality, innovative products could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase our sales. If we failed in this way, it
could negatively affect our revenues and overall financial performance. Additionally, our success is dependent on anticipating changes in customer preferences and on successful new product and process development and product relaunches in response
to such changes. Our future results and our ability to maintain or improve our competitive position will depend on our capacity to gauge the direction of our key markets and upon our ability to successfully and timely identify, develop, manufacture,
market, and sell new or improved products in these changing markets. 

7 

Fluctuations and volatility in the cost of raw materials and purchased components could adversely
affect our profits. The primary materials used to produce and manufacture our products are steel, oil, plastic resins, and base metals, such as aluminum, copper, zinc, and nickel. On a global and regional basis, the sources and prices of those
materials and components are susceptible to significant price fluctuations due to supply/demand trends, transportation costs, government regulations and tariffs, changes in currency exchange rates, price controls, the economic climate, and other
unforeseen circumstances. Material cost inflation is expected to be approximately $200 million in 2009, largely driven by increases in base metals, such as copper, aluminum, zinc and nickel, as well as component parts and steel. Continued
significant increases in these and other costs in the future could materially affect our profits. 

The ability of suppliers to deliver
parts, components and manufacturing equipment to our manufacturing facilities, including our ability to manufacture without disruption, could affect our global business performance. We use a wide range of materials and components in the global
production of our products and use numerous suppliers to provide materials and components. We generally do not have guaranteed supply arrangements with our suppliers and some key parts may be available only from a single supplier or a limited group
of suppliers. Our operations and operations at suppliers’ facilities are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, work stoppages, fire, earthquake, flooding, or other natural disasters. Such disruption
could interrupt our ability to manufacture certain products. Any significant disruption could negatively impact our revenue and earnings performance. 

Significant differences between actual results and estimates of the amount of future funding for our pension plans and postretirement health care benefit programs, and significant changes in funding assumptions or
significant increases in funding obligations due to regulatory changes, could adversely affect our financial results. We have both funded and unfunded noncontributory defined benefit pension plans that cover most of our North American employees
and certain foreign employees. We also have unfunded postretirement health care benefit plans for eligible retired employees. The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) and the Internal Revenue Code govern the funding obligations
for our U.S. pension plans, which are our principal pension plans. Our U.S. defined benefit plans were frozen as of December 31, 2006 for substantially all participants. For 2007 and beyond, Whirlpool employees may participate in an enhanced
defined contribution plan. 

As of December 31, 2008, our projected benefit obligations under our pension plans and postretirement
health care benefit programs exceeded the fair value of plan assets by an aggregate of approximately $2,425 million ($1,521 million of which was attributable to pension plans and $904 million of which was attributable to postretirement health care
benefits). Estimates for the amount and timing of the future funding obligations of these pension plans and postretirement health care benefit plans are based on various assumptions. These assumptions include the discount rates, expected long-term
rate of return on plan assets, and health care cost trend rates. These assumptions are subject to change based on interest rates on high quality bonds, stock and bond market returns, and health care cost trend rates. Significant differences in
results or significant changes in assumptions may materially affect our postretirement obligations and related future contributions and expense. 

Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services, and brands. We consider our intellectual property rights, including patents, trademarks, trade
secrets, and licensing agreements, to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret laws, as well as licensing
agreements and third party nondisclosure and assignment agreements. Our failure to obtain or adequately protect our trademarks, products, new features of our products, or our processes may diminish our competitiveness. 

We have applied for patent protection in the United States and other jurisdictions with respect to certain innovations and new products, product
features, and processes. We cannot be assured that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or any other jurisdiction will approve any of our patent applications. Additionally, the patents we own could be challenged, invalidated, or others could design
around our patents and the patents may not be of 

8 

sufficient scope or strength to provide us with any meaningful protection or commercial advantage. Further, the laws of certain foreign countries in which we
do business or contemplate doing business in the future do not recognize intellectual property rights or protect them to the same extent as United States law. As a result, these factors could weaken our competitive advantage with respect to our
products, services, and brands in foreign jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 

Moreover, while we do not
believe that any of our products infringe the valid intellectual property rights of third parties, others may assert intellectual property rights that cover some of our technology, brands, products, or services. Any litigation regarding patents or
other intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Claims of intellectual property infringement might also require us to enter into costly
license agreements. We also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development and sale of certain products. 

If
we cannot manage the additional challenges of our international operations, our financial performance may suffer. For the year ended December 31, 2008, we derived approximately 43% of our net sales from outside of North America (which
includes Canada and Mexico), including 21% in Europe, 19% in Latin America, and 3% in Asia. We expect that international sales will continue to account for a significant percentage of our net sales in the foreseeable future. Accordingly, we face
numerous risks associated with conducting international operations, any of which could negatively affect our financial performance. These risks include the following: 

•

 changes in foreign country regulatory requirements; 

•

 various import/export restrictions and the availability of required import/export licenses; 

•

 imposition of foreign tariffs and other trade barriers; 

•

 political, legal, and economic instability; 

•

 foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

•

 inflation; 

•

 work stoppages and disruptions in the shipping of imported and exported products; 

•

 government price controls; 

•

 extended payment terms and the ability to collect accounts receivable; and 

•

 the ability to repatriate cash. 

Additionally, we are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage to foreign companies that are not subject to similar regulations. 

Terrorist attacks, armed conflicts, natural disasters, and epidemics could affect our domestic and international sales, disrupt our supply chain, and
impair our ability to produce and deliver our products. Such events could directly impact our physical facilities or those of our suppliers or customers, both in the United States and elsewhere. 

We are subject to, and could be further subject to, governmental investigations or actions by other third parties. We are subject to various
federal, foreign and state laws, including antitrust laws, violations of which can involve civil or criminal sanctions. On February 17, 2009, we received a grand jury subpoena from the U.S. Department of Justice requesting documents relating to an
antitrust investigation of the global compressor industry. Whirlpool subsidiaries in Brazil and Italy were visited on the same day by competition authorities seeking similar information. This investigation, or additional claims or investigations by
private plaintiffs or other governmental agencies, could adversely affect our business. In 2008, sales of compressors represented approximately 6% of our global net sales. 

A deterioration in labor relations could negatively impact our global business. As of December 31, 2008, we had approximately 70,000
employees. Of those employees, various labor unions with separate collective 

9 

bargaining agreements represent approximately 60%. Our current collective bargaining agreements generally have three year terms. Due to the large number of
collective bargaining agreements, we are periodically in negotiations with certain of the unions representing our employees. We cannot be assured that at some point we will not be subject to employee work stoppages and, if such events were to occur,
that there would not be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Further, we cannot be assured that we will be able to renew the various collective bargaining agreements on the same or similar terms,
or at all, which could also affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

Our ability to attract, develop and
retain executives and other qualified employees is crucial to our results of operations and future growth. We depend upon the continued services and performance of our key executives, senior management and skilled personnel, particularly our
professionals with experience in our business and operations and the home appliance industry. We cannot be sure that any of these individuals will continue to be employed by us. A lengthy period of time is required to hire and develop replacement
personnel when skilled personnel depart Whirlpool. An inability to hire, develop and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees could materially hinder our business by, for example, delaying our ability to bring new products to market or
impairing the success of our operations. 

Environmental and health and safety laws and regulations may adversely affect Whirlpool.
We are subject to various laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and human health and safety. We incur and will continue to incur capital and other expenditures to comply with these regulations. These types of costs could
negatively affect our financial performance. Additionally, we could be subjected to future liabilities, fines or penalties or the suspension of product production for failing to comply with environmental regulations. Cleanup obligations that might
arise at any of our manufacturing sites or the imposition of more stringent environmental laws in the future could adversely affect us.