Risks Relating to Windstream’s Business 

We face intense competition in our businesses from many sources that could reduce our market share or adversely affect our financial performance.

Substantial and increasing competition exists in the wireline communications industry. Our ILEC operations have experienced, and will continue to
experience, competition in their local service areas. Sources of competition to our local service business include, but are not limited to, wireless communications providers, cable television companies, resellers of local exchange services,
interexchange carriers, satellite transmission service providers, electric utilities, competitive access service providers, including, without limitation, those utilizing an Unbundled Network Elements-Platform or UNE-P, VoIP providers, and providers
using other emerging technologies. 

Many of Windstream’s current and potential competitors (a) have substantially larger operational and
financial resources, (b) own larger and more diverse networks, (c) are subject to less regulation and (d) have superior brand recognition. 

Competition could adversely affect us in several ways, including (1) the loss of customers and resulting revenue and market share, (2) the possibility of customers reducing their usage of our services or shifting to less
profitable services, (3) our need to lower prices or increase marketing expenses to remain competitive and (4) our inability to diversify by successfully offering new products or services. 

We may not be able to compete successfully with cable operators that are subject to less stringent industry regulations. 

We face competition from cable television companies providing voice service offerings. Voice offerings of cable operators are offered mainly under Competitive Local
Exchange Carrier certificates obtained in states where they offer services and therefore are subject to fewer service quality or service reporting requirements. In addition, the rates or prices of the voice service offerings of cable companies are
not subject to regulation. In contrast, our voice service rates or prices, in our capacity as an ILEC, are subject to regulation by various state public service commissions. Unlike cable operators, we are also subject to “carrier of last
resort” obligations, which generally obligates us to provide basic voice services to any person regardless of the profitability of such customer. As a result of these disadvantages, we may not be able to compete successfully with cable
companies in the offering of voice services. 

Competition from wireless carriers is likely to continue to cause access line losses, which could
adversely affect our operating results and financial performance. 

Wireless competition has contributed to a reduction in our access lines, and
generally has caused pricing pressure in the industry. As wireless carriers continue to expand and improve their network coverage while lowering their prices, some customers choose to stop using traditional wireline phone service and instead rely
solely on wireless service. We anticipate that this trend toward solely using wireless services will continue, particularly if wireless prices continue to decline and the quality of wireless services improves. In the future, it is expected that the
number of access lines served by us will continue to be adversely affected by wireless substitution and that industry-wide pricing pressure will continue. We may not be able to compete successfully with these wireless carriers. 

We could be harmed by rapid changes in technology. 

The
communications industry is experiencing significant technological changes, particularly in the areas of VoIP, data transmission and wireless communications. Rapid technological developments in wireless, personal communications services, digital
microwave, satellite, high-speed Internet radio services, local multipoint distribution services, meshed wireless fidelity, or WiFi, and other wireless technologies could result in the development of products or services that compete with or
displace those offered by traditional local exchange carriers (“LECs”). For example, wireless companies are developing the next generation of wireless networks, including networks using long-term evolution (or LTE) and Worldwide
Interoperability for Microwave Access (or WIMAX) technologies, that purport to support greater data transmission speeds over wireless networks. These new wireless technologies could result in greater competition and product substitution for
Windstream’s high-speed Internet services. Furthermore, the proliferation of replacement 

16 

Table of Contents

Windstream Corporation 

Form 10-K, Part I 

Item 1A.  
 

technologies impacting our wireline business could require us to make significant additional capital investment in order to compete with other service
providers that may enjoy network advantages that will enable them to provide services more efficiently or at a lower cost. Alternatively, we may not be able to obtain timely access to new technology on satisfactory terms or incorporate new
technology into our systems in a cost effective manner, or at all. If we cannot develop new services and products to keep pace with technological advances, or if such services and products are not widely embraced by our customers, our results of
operations could be adversely impacted. 

We provide services to our customers over access lines, and if we continue to lose access lines like we have
historically, our revenues, earnings and cash flows from operations could be adversely affected. 

Our business generates revenue by delivering
voice and data services over access lines. We have experienced net access line loss over the past few years. During 2008, the number of access lines we served declined by approximately 5.2 percent due to a number of factors, including increased
competition and wireless and high-speed Internet substitution. We expect to continue to experience net access line loss in our markets. Our inability to retain access lines could adversely affect our revenues, earnings and cash flow from operations.

We are subject to various forms of regulation from the Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”) and state regulatory commissions in the
16 states in which we operate, which limits our pricing flexibility for regulated voice and high-speed Internet products, subjects us to service quality, service reporting and other obligations, and exposes us to the reduction of revenue from
changes to the universal service fund or the inter-carrier compensation system. 

As a provider of wireline communication services, we have
operating authority from each of the 16 states in which we conduct local service operations, and we are subject to various forms of regulation from the regulatory commissions in each of these 16 states as well as from the FCC. State regulatory
commissions have jurisdiction over local and intrastate services including, to some extent, the rates that we charge customers and other telecommunications companies, and service quality standards. The FCC has primary jurisdiction over interstate
services including the rates that we charge other telecommunications companies that use our network and other issues related to interstate service. These regulations restrict our ability to adjust rates to reflect market conditions and affect our
ability to compete and respond to changing industry conditions. 

Future revenues, costs, and capital investment in our wireline business could be adversely
affected by material changes to these regulations, including, but not limited to, changes in rules governing inter-carrier compensation, state and federal USF support, UNE and UNE-P pricing and requirements, and VoIP regulation. Federal and state
communications laws may be amended in the future, and other laws may affect our business. In addition, certain laws and regulations applicable to us and our competitors may be, and have been, challenged in the courts and could be changed at any
time. We cannot predict future developments or changes to the regulatory environment or the impact such developments or changes would have. 

In addition,
these regulations could create significant compliance costs for us. Delays in obtaining certifications and regulatory approvals could cause us to incur substantial legal and administrative expenses, and conditions imposed in connection with such
approvals could adversely affect the rates that we are able to charge our customers. Our business also may be affected by legislation and regulation imposing new or greater obligations related to assisting law enforcement, bolstering homeland
security, minimizing environmental impacts, or addressing other issues that impact our business. For example, existing provisions of the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act require communications carriers to ensure that their
equipment, facilities, and services are able to facilitate authorized electronic surveillance. Our compliance costs could increase if future legislation, regulations or orders continue to increase our obligations. 

Changes to regulations could materially reduce the Company’s revenues from inter-carrier compensation. 

The Company’s local exchange subsidiaries currently receive compensation from other telecommunications providers, including long distance companies, for origination
and termination of interexchange traffic through network access charges that are established in accordance with state and federal laws. In 2008 the Company recognized $315.9 million in inter-carrier compensation, an 3.0 percent reduction from 2007
levels. This reduction in inter-carrier compensation revenue is primarily the result of decreases in minutes of use associated with wireless and cable voice competition and 

17 

Table of Contents

Windstream Corporation 

Form 10-K, Part I 

Item 1A.  
Risk Factors 

efforts by carriers to mask traffic to avail their traffic of lower inter-carrier compensation rates. Absent any changes to existing inter-carrier
compensation regulations, the Company expects to experience a similar rate of reduction in inter-carrier revenue in 2009 as experienced in 2008. 

On
November 5, 2008, the FCC issued a further notice of proposed rulemaking (“FNPRM”) that sought comment on proposals that would change the rules governing inter-carrier compensation (see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Financial Condition, Regulatory Matters – Wireline Operations” in the Financial Supplement to this annual report on Form 10-K). Proposals considered by the FNPRM would significantly reduce
inter-carrier compensation revenues over a ten-year period, classify VoIP/PSTN traffic as an “information service,” and adopt measures to ensure proper billing of “phantom traffic”. Adoption of the FCC’s proposed plan could
materially reduce the Company’s inter-carrier compensation revenue. We do not know whether the FCC’s proposed plan, or a substantially similar plan, will be adopted. 

In 2008, we received approximately 8% of our revenues from state and federal Universal Service Funds, and any adverse regulatory developments with respect to these funds could adversely affect our profitability.

We receive state and federal USF revenues to support the high cost of providing affordable telecommunications services in rural markets. Such
support payments constituted approximately 8 percent of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2008. A portion of such fees are based on relative cost and access line counts, and we expect receipt of such fees to decline as we continue to
reduce costs and lose access lines. Pending regulatory proceedings could, depending on the outcome, materially reduce our USF revenues. 

The FNPRM issued
by the FCC on inter-carrier compensation also sought comment on proposals that would cap high-cost receipts based on the support each carrier is eligible to receive at December 2008 levels on an annualized basis. To continue receiving this support
under this proposal, high-cost recipients would have to certify that they would deploy specified high-speed Internet services throughout their supported areas over a five-year period. Areas for which high-cost recipients decline to make such
certification would be subject to a reverse auction. Adoption of this proposal, or a substantially similar proposal, could materially reduce the Company’s universal service revenues or increase its operating costs. 

We are required to make contributions to state and federal USF programs each year. Current state and federal regulations allow us to recover these contributions by
including a surcharge on our customers’ bills. If state and/or federal regulations change, and we become ineligible to receive support, such support is reduced, or we become unable to recover the amounts we contribute to the state and federal
USF programs from our customers, our earnings and cash flows from operations would be directly and adversely affected. 

Windstream’s substantial
debt could adversely affect our cash flow and impair our ability to raise additional capital on favorable terms. 

As of December 31, 2008, we
had approximately $5.4 billion in long-term debt outstanding. We may also obtain additional long-term debt to meet future financing needs or to fund potential acquisitions, subject to certain restrictions under our existing indebtedness, which would
increase our total debt. Our substantial amount of debt could have negative consequences to our business. For example, it could: 

•

 Increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

•

 Require us to dedicate a substantial portion of cash flows from operations to interest and principal payments on outstanding debt, thereby limiting the availability
of cash flow to fund future capital expenditures, working capital and other general corporate requirements; 

•

 Limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the telecommunications industry; 

•

 Place us at a competitive disadvantage compared with competitors that have less debt; and 

•

 Limit our ability to borrow additional funds, even when necessary to maintain adequate liquidity. 

18 

Table of Contents

Windstream Corporation 

Form 10-K, Part I 

Item 1A.  
Risk Factors 

In addition, our ability to borrow funds in the future will depend in part on the
satisfaction of the covenants in our credit facilities and its other debt agreements. If we are unable to satisfy the financial covenants contained in those agreements, or are unable to generate cash sufficient to make required debt payments, the
lenders and other parties to those arrangements could accelerate the maturity of some or all of our outstanding indebtedness. 

We may not generate
sufficient cash flows from operations, or have future borrowings available under our credit facilities or from other sources sufficient to enable us to make our debt payments or to fund dividends and other liquidity needs. We may not be able to
refinance any of our debt, including our credit facilities, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to make payments or refinance our debt, or obtain new financing under these circumstances, we would have to consider other
options, such as selling assets, issuing additional equity or debt, or negotiating with our lenders to restructure the applicable debt. Our credit agreement and the indentures governing our senior notes may restrict, or market or business conditions
may limit, our ability to do some of these things on favorable terms or at all. 

As of December 31, 2008, Moody’s Investors Service
(“Moody’s”), Standard & Poor’s Corporation (“S&P”) and Fitch Ratings (“Fitch”) had granted Windstream the following senior secured and senior unsecured credit ratings: 

 Description

Moody’s

S&P

Fitch

 Senior secured credit rating

Baa3

BBB

BBB-

 Senior unsecured credit rating

Ba3

BB

BB+

 Outlook

Stable

Stable

Stable

Factors that could affect Windstream’s short and long-term credit ratings would include, but are not limited
to, a material decline in the Company’s operating results, increased debt levels relative to operating cash flows resulting from future acquisitions, increased capital expenditure requirements, or changes to our dividend policy. If
Windstream’s credit ratings were to be downgraded from current levels, the Company would incur higher interest costs on its borrowings, and the Company’s access to the public capital markets could be adversely affected. 

Our operations require substantial capital expenditures. 

We
require substantial capital to maintain, upgrade and enhance our network facilities and operations. During 2008, we incurred $317.5 million in capital expenditures. In addition, our current dividend practice utilizes a significant portion of our
cash generated from operations and therefore limits our operating and financial flexibility and our ability to significantly increase capital expenditures. While we have historically been able to fund capital expenditures from cash generated from
operations, the other risk factors described in this section could materially reduce cash available from operations or significantly increase our capital expenditure requirements, and these outcomes could cause capital to not be available when
needed. This could adversely affect our business. 

Unfavorable changes in financial markets could adversely affect our pension plan investments
resulting in material funding requirements to meet pension obligations. 

The Company’s pension plan invests in marketable equity securities,
including marketable debt and equity securities denominated in foreign currencies, which are exposed to changes in the financial markets. As of December 31, 2008, the fair market value of these investments, totaling $654.0 million, declined
34.7 percent from approximately $1,001.0 million at December 31, 2007, primarily due to declines in the market value of assets held. As a result of the decline in fair market value of these investments, the Company will be required by the U.S.
Pension Protection Act of 2006, as corrected by the Worker, Retiree, and Employer Recovery Act to make a cash contribution in 2010 for the January 1, 2009 valuation period to meet minimum funding requirements. Returns generated on plan assets
have historically funded a large portion of the benefits paid under the Company’s pension plan. Continued returns below our currently estimated long term rate of return of 8.0 percent could significantly increase our contribution requirements,
which could adversely affect our cash flows from operations. 

We may not realize the anticipated synergies, cost savings and growth opportunities
from acquisitions. 

As part of our business strategy, we may pursue mergers and acquisitions from time to time with other companies as
opportunities may arise. The success of potential transactions will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the 

19 

Table of Contents

Windstream Corporation 

Form 10-K, Part I 

Item 1A.  
Risk Factors 

anticipated synergies, cost savings and growth opportunities through the successful integration of the businesses of acquired companies with those of
Windstream. Even if we are successful integrating the businesses of acquired companies, there can be no assurance that these integrations will result in the realization of the full benefit of the anticipated synergies, cost savings or growth
opportunities or that these benefits will be realized within the expected time frames. For example, the elimination of duplicative costs may not be possible or may take longer than anticipated, benefits from the transaction may be offset by costs
incurred in integrating the companies, and regulatory authorities may impose adverse conditions on the combined business in connection with granting approval for the merger. 

Windstream’s relationships with other communications companies are material to its operations and their financial difficulties may adversely affect Windstream. 

Windstream originates and terminates calls for long distance carriers and other interexchange carriers over Windstream’s network in exchange for access charges that
represent a significant portion of Windstream’s revenues. Should these carriers go bankrupt or experience substantial financial difficulties, Windstream’s inability to timely collect access charges from them could have a negative effect on
Windstream’s business and results of operation. 

Disruption in our networks and infrastructure may cause us to lose customers and incur
additional expenses. 

To be successful, we will need to continue to provide our customers with reliable service over our networks. Some of the
risks to our networks and infrastructure include: physical damage to access lines, breaches of security, capacity limitations, power surges or outages, software defects and disruptions beyond our control, such as natural disasters and acts of
terrorism. From time to time in the ordinary course of business, we will experience short disruptions in our service due to factors such as cable damage, inclement weather and service failures of our third party service providers. We could
experience more significant disruptions in the future. We could also face disruptions due to capacity limitations if changes in our customers’ usage patterns for our high-speed Internet services result in a significant increase in capacity
utilization, such as through increased usage of video or peer-to-peer file sharing applications. Disruptions may cause interruptions in service or reduced capacity for customers, either of which could cause us to lose customers and incur expenses,
and thereby adversely affect our business, revenue and cash flows. 

Weak economic conditions may decrease demand for our services.

We could be sensitive to economic conditions and downturns in the economy. Downturns in the economy and vendor concentration in the markets we
serve could cause our existing customers to reduce their purchases of our basic and enhanced services and make it difficult for us to obtain new customers. 

Key suppliers may experience financial difficulties that may impact Windstream’s operations. 

Windstream purchases a
significant amount of equipment from key suppliers to maintain, upgrade and enhance our network facilities and operations. Should these suppliers experience financial difficulties, it could adversely affect our business through increased prices to
source purchases through alternative vendors or unanticipated delays in the delivery of equipment and services purchased. 

Adverse developments in
our relationship with our employees could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

As of December 31,
2008, approximately 1,813 of our employees, or 25 percent of all of our employees, at various sites were covered by collective bargaining agreements. Our relationship with these unions generally has been satisfactory, but occasional work stoppages
have occurred. Within the last five years, one work stoppage occurred at our facility in Lexington, Kentucky, which involved approximately 350 employees and lasted approximately 120 days. Any work stoppages in the future could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We are currently party to 21 collective bargaining agreements with several
unions, which expire at various times. In addition, the proposed Employee Free Choice Act (“EFCA”), if enacted, could increase organizational activity at locations where employees are currently not represented by a labor organization. Of
our existing collective bargaining agreements, 2 agreements covering a total of approximately 361 employees as of December 31, 2008 are due to expire 

20 

Table of Contents

Windstream Corporation 

Form 10-K, Part I 

Item 1A.  
Risk Factors 

in 2009, including one contract covering approximately 300 employees in Lexington, Kentucky, and remain subject to continuing renewal negotiations.
Historically, we have succeeded in negotiating new collective bargaining agreements without work stoppages; however, no assurances can be given that we will succeed in negotiating new collective bargaining agreements to replace the expiring ones
without work stoppages. Increases in organizational activity or any future work stoppages could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Windstream cannot assure you that it will continue paying dividends at the current rate. 

Windstream’s board of directors has adopted a current dividend practice for the payment of quarterly cash dividends at a rate of $0.25 per share of the Company’s common stock. This practice can be changed at
any time at the discretion of the board of directors, and Windstream’s common stockholders should be aware that they have no contractual or other legal right to dividends. In addition, the other risk factors described in this section could
materially reduce the cash available from operations or significantly increase our capital expenditure requirements, and these outcomes could cause capital to not be available when needed in an amount sufficient to support our current dividend
practice. The amount of dividends that Windstream may distribute is also limited by restricted payment and leverage covenants in Windstream’s credit facilities and indentures, and, potentially, the terms of any future indebtedness that
Windstream may incur. The amount of dividends that Windstream may distribute is also subject to restrictions under Delaware law. If Windstream’s board of directors were to adopt a change in its current dividend practice that resulted in a
reduction in the amount of dividends, such change could have a material and adverse effect on the market price of Windstream’s common stock. 

In
addition, the American Jobs and Growth Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2003 designated qualifying dividend payments on capital stock as long term capital gains, which capped the federal tax rate on these payments at 15 percent. The provisions of
this act are set to expire in 2010, and if not renewed, dividends will become taxable as ordinary income to the shareholder at their current federal tax rate. This could adversely effect the market price of Windstream’s common stock by
decreasing the after tax yield of holding the stock.