Risks Relating to Windstream’s Business 

We face intense competition in our businesses from many sources that could reduce our market share or adversely affect our financial performance.

Substantial and increasing competition exists in the wireline communications industry. Our ILEC operations have experienced, and will continue to
experience, competition in their local service areas. Sources of competition to our local service business include, but are not limited to, wireless communications providers, cable television companies, resellers of local exchange services,
interexchange carriers, satellite transmission service providers, competitive access service providers, including, without limitation, those utilizing an Unbundled Network Elements-Platform or UNE-P, VoIP providers, and providers using other
emerging technologies. 

Competition could adversely affect us in several ways, including (1) the loss of customers and resulting revenue and market
share, (2) the possibility of customers reducing their usage of our services or shifting to less profitable services, (3) our need to lower prices or increase marketing expenses to remain competitive and (4) our inability to diversify
by successfully offering new products or services. 

We may not be able to compete successfully with cable operators that are subject to less
stringent industry regulations. 

We also face competition from cable television companies providing voice service offerings. Voice offerings of
cable operators are offered mainly under Competitive Local Exchange Carrier certificates obtained in states where they offer services and therefore are subject to fewer service quality or service reporting requirements. In addition, the rates or
prices of the voice service offerings of cable companies are not subject to regulation. In contrast, our voice service rates or prices, in our capacity as an ILEC, are subject to regulation by various state public service commissions. Unlike cable
operators, we are also subject to “carrier of last resort” obligations, which generally obligates us to provide basic voice services to any person regardless of the profitability of such customer. As a result of these disadvantages, we may
not be able to compete successfully with cable companies in the offering of voice services. 

Competition from wireless carriers is likely to continue
to cause access line losses, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial performance. 

Wireless competition has contributed to
a reduction in our access lines, and generally has caused pricing pressure in the industry. As wireless carriers continue to expand and improve their network coverage while lowering their prices, some customers choose to stop using traditional
wireline phone service and instead rely solely on wireless service. We anticipate that this trend toward solely using wireless services will continue, particularly if wireless prices continue to decline and the quality of wireless services improves.
Many wireless carriers are substantially larger than we are and will have greater financial resources and superior brand recognition than we have. In the future, it is expected that the number of access lines served by us will continue to be
adversely affected by wireless substitution and that industry-wide pricing pressure will continue. We may not be able to compete successfully with these wireless carriers. 

17 

Table of Contents

Windstream Corporation 

Form 10-K, Part I 

Item 1A. 
 

We may not realize the anticipated synergies, cost savings and growth opportunities from acquisitions. 

As part of our business strategy, we may pursue mergers and acquisitions from time to time with other companies as opportunities may arise. For example,
we completed the acquisition of CTC during 2007 and expect to realize significant cost savings and other synergies from this transaction. The success of the CTC and other potential transactions will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the
anticipated synergies, cost savings and growth opportunities through the successful integration of the businesses of acquired companies with those of Windstream. Even if we are successful integrating the businesses of acquired companies, there can
be no assurance that these integrations will result in the realization of the full benefit of the anticipated synergies, cost savings or growth opportunities or that these benefits will be realized within the expected time frames. For example, the
elimination of duplicative costs may not be possible or may take longer than anticipated, benefits from the transaction may be offset by costs incurred in integrating the companies, and regulatory authorities may impose adverse conditions on the
combined business in connection with granting approval for the merger. 

We could be harmed by rapid changes in technology. 

The communications industry is experiencing significant technological changes, particularly in the areas of VoIP, data transmission and wireless communications. Rapid
technological developments in wireless, personal communications services, digital microwave, satellite, high-speed Internet radio services, local multipoint distribution services, meshed wireless fidelity, or WiFi, and other wireless technologies
could result in the development of products or services that compete with or displace those offered by traditional local exchange carriers (“LECs”). For example, we may be unable to retain existing customers who decide to replace their
wireline telephone service with wireless telephone service. In addition, the development and deployment of cable and high-speed Internet technology will result in additional local telephone line losses for us if customers choose VoIP for their local
telephone service. Additional access line loss will also likely occur as customers shift from dial-up data services, which are often on a second phone line, to high-speed data services. Furthermore, the proliferation of replacement technologies
impacting our wireline business could require us to make significant additional capital investment in order to compete with other service providers that may enjoy network advantages that will enable them to provide services more efficiently or at a
lower cost. Alternatively, we may not be able to obtain timely access to new technology on satisfactory terms or incorporate new technology into our systems in a cost effective manner, or at all. If we cannot develop new services and products to
keep pace with technological advances, or if such services and products are not widely embraced by our customers, our results of operations could be adversely impacted. 

We provide services to our customers over access lines, and if we continue to lose access lines like we have historically, our revenues, earnings and cash flows from operations could be adversely affected.

Our business generates revenue by delivering voice and data services over access lines. We have experienced net access line loss over the past few
years. During 2007, excluding the access lines acquired from CTC, the number of access lines we served declined by approximately 4.6 percent due to a number of factors, including increased competition and wireless and high-speed Internet
substitution. We expect to continue to experience net access line loss in our markets. Our inability to retain access lines could adversely affect our revenues, earnings and cash flow from operations. 

We are subject to various forms of regulation from the Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”) and state regulatory commissions in the 16 states in
which we operate, which limits our pricing flexibility for regulated voice and high-speed Internet products, subjects us to service quality, service reporting and other obligations, and exposes us to the reduction of revenue from changes to the
universal service fund or the inter-carrier compensation system. 

As a provider of wireline communication services, we have operating authority
from each of the 16 states in which we conduct local service operations, and we are subject to various forms of regulation from the regulatory commissions in each of these 16 states as well as from the FCC. State regulatory commissions have primary
jurisdiction over local and intrastate services including, to some extent, the rates that we charge customers and other telecommunications companies, and service quality standards. The FCC has primary jurisdiction over interstate services including
the rates that we charge other telecommunications companies that use our network and other issues related to interstate service. These regulations restrict our ability to adjust rates to reflect market conditions and affect our ability to compete
and respond to changing industry conditions. 

18 

Table of Contents

Windstream Corporation 

Form 10-K, Part I 

Item 1A. 
Risk Factors 

Future revenues, costs, and capital investment in our wireline business could be adversely affected by material
changes to these regulations, including, but not limited to, changes in inter-carrier compensation, state and federal USF support, UNE and UNE-P pricing and requirements, and VoIP regulation. Federal and state communications laws may be amended in
the future, and other laws may affect our business. In addition, certain laws and regulations applicable to us and our competitors may be, and have been, challenged in the courts and could be changed at any time. We cannot predict future
developments or changes to the regulatory environment or the impact such developments or changes would have. 

In addition, these regulations could create
significant compliance costs for us. Delays in obtaining certifications and regulatory approvals could cause us to incur substantial legal and administrative expenses, and conditions imposed in connection with such approvals could adversely affect
the rates that we are able to charge our customers. Our business also may be affected by legislation and regulation imposing new or greater obligations related to assisting law enforcement, bolstering homeland security, minimizing environmental
impacts, or addressing other issues that impact our business. For example, existing provisions of the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act require communications carriers to ensure that their equipment, facilities, and services are able
to facilitate authorized electronic surveillance. Our compliance costs will increase if future legislation, regulations or orders continue to increase our obligations. 

In 2007, we received approximately 7% of our revenues from state and federal Universal Service Funds, and any adverse regulatory developments with respect to these funds could adversely affect our profitability.

We receive state and federal USF revenues to support the high cost of providing affordable telecommunications services in rural markets. Such
support payments constituted approximately 7 percent of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2007. A portion of such fees are based on relative cost structures, and we expect receipt of such fees to decline as we continue to reduce
costs. Pending regulatory proceedings could, depending on the outcome, materially reduce our USF revenues. 

We will be required to make contributions to
state and federal USFs each year. Current state and federal regulations allow us to recover these contributions by including a surcharge on our customers’ bills. If state and/or federal regulations change, and we become ineligible to receive
support, such support is reduced, or we become unable to recover the amounts we contribute to the state and federal USFs from our customers, our earnings and cash flows from operations would be directly and adversely affected. 

Windstream’s substantial debt could adversely affect our cash flow and impair our ability to raise additional capital on favorable terms. 

As of December 31, 2007, we had approximately $5.3 billion in long-term debt outstanding. We may also obtain additional long-term debt to meet future financing
needs or to fund potential acquisitions, subject to certain restrictions under our existing indebtedness, which would increase our total debt. Our substantial amount of debt could have negative consequences to our business. For example, it could:

•

 Increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

•

 Require us to dedicate a substantial portion of cash flows from operations to interest and principal payments on outstanding debt, thereby limiting the availability
of cash flow to fund future capital expenditures, working capital and other general corporate requirements; 

•

 Limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the telecommunications industry; 

•

 Place us at a competitive disadvantage compared with competitors that have less debt; and 

•

 Limit our ability to borrow additional funds, even when necessary to maintain adequate liquidity. 

In addition, our ability to borrow funds in the future will depend in part on the satisfaction of the covenants in our credit facilities and its other debt agreements.
If we are unable to satisfy the financial covenants contained in those agreements, or are unable to generate cash sufficient to make required debt payments, the lenders and other parties to those arrangements could accelerate the maturity of some or
all of our outstanding indebtedness. 

19 

Table of Contents

Windstream Corporation 

Form 10-K, Part I 

Item 1A. 
Risk Factors 

We may not generate sufficient cash flows from operations, or have future borrowings available under our credit
facilities or from other sources sufficient to enable us to make our debt payments or to fund dividends and other liquidity needs. We may not be able to refinance any of our debt, including our credit facilities, on commercially reasonable terms or
at all. If we are unable to make payments or refinance our debt, or obtain new financing under these circumstances, we would have to consider other options, such as selling assets, issuing additional equity or debt, or negotiating with its lenders
to restructure the applicable debt. Our credit agreement and the indentures governing our senior notes may restrict, or market or business conditions may limit, our ability to do some of these things on favorable terms or at all. 

Our operations require substantial capital expenditures. 

We
require substantial capital to maintain, upgrade and enhance our network facilities and operations. During 2007, we incurred $365.7 million in capital expenditures. In addition, our current dividend practice utilizes a significant portion of our
cash generated from operations and therefore limits our operating and financial flexibility and our ability to significantly increase capital expenditures. While we have historically been able to fund capital expenditures from cash generated from
operations, the other risk factors described in this section could materially reduce cash available from operations or significantly increase our capital expenditure requirements, and these outcomes could cause capital to not be available when
needed. This could adversely affect our business. 

We may be affected by significant restrictions with respect to certain actions that could
jeopardize the tax-free status of our July 17, 2006 spin off and merger. 

The July 17, 2006 merger agreement restricts us from taking
certain actions that could cause the spin off to be taxable to Alltel under Section 355(e) of the Internal Revenue code or otherwise jeopardize the tax-free status of the spin off or the merger (which the merger agreement refers to as
“disqualifying actions”), including: 

•

 Generally, for two years after the spin off, taking, or permitting any of our subsidiaries to take, an action that might be a disqualifying action;

•

 For two years after the spin off, entering into any agreement, understanding or arrangement or engaging in any substantial negotiations with respect to any
transaction involving the acquisition of our stock or the issuance of shares of our stock, or options to acquire or other rights in respect of such stock, in excess of a permitted basket of 48,547,018 shares as of December 31, 2007 (as adjusted
for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations, reclassifications and similar transactions), unless, generally, the shares are issued to qualifying employees or retirement plans, each in accordance with “safe harbors” under
regulations issued by the IRS; 

•

 For two years after the spin off, repurchasing our shares, except to the extent consistent with guidance issued by the IRS; 

•

 For two years after the spin off, permitting certain wholly-owned subsidiaries that were wholly-owned subsidiaries of Alltel Holding Corp. at the time of the spin
off to cease the active conduct of the Windstream business to the extent so conducted by those subsidiaries immediately prior to the spin off; and 

•

 For two years after the spin off, voluntarily dissolving, liquidating, merging or consolidating with any other person, unless (1) we are the survivor of the
merger or consolidation or (2) prior to undertaking such action, we receive the prior consent of Alltel. 

Nevertheless, we will be
permitted to take any of the actions described above in the event that we receive the prior written consent of Alltel or the Internal Revenue Service has granted a favorable ruling to Alltel or us as to the effect of such action on the tax-free
status of the spin off and merger transactions. To the extent that the tax-free status of the transactions is lost because of a disqualifying action taken by us or any of our subsidiaries after the distribution date (except to the extent that Alltel
has delivered a previous consent to us permitting such action), we generally will be required to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Alltel and its subsidiaries (or any successor to any of them) from and against any and all resulting tax-related
losses incurred by Alltel. 

20 

Table of Contents

Windstream Corporation 

Form 10-K, Part I 

Item 1A. 
Risk Factors 

Because of these restrictions, we may be limited in the amount of stock that we can issue to make acquisitions in the
two years subsequent to the spin off and merger. Also, our indemnity obligation to Alltel might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control during this two-year period that our stockholders may consider favorable. The foregoing restrictions
will expire on July 17, 2008. 

Disruption in our networks and infrastructure may cause us to lose customers and incur additional expenses.

To be successful, we will need to continue to provide our customers with reliable service over our networks. Some of the risks to our networks and
infrastructure include: physical damage to access lines, breaches of security, capacity limitations, power surges or outages, software defects and disruptions beyond our control, such as natural disasters and acts of terrorism. From time to time in
the ordinary course of business, we will experience short disruptions in our service due to factors such as cable damage, inclement weather and service failures of our third party service providers. We could experience more significant disruptions
in the future. We could also face disruptions due to capacity limitations if changes in our customers’ usage patterns for our high-speed Internet services result in a significant increase in capacity utilization, such as through increased usage
of video or peer-to-peer file sharing applications. Disruptions may cause interruptions in service or reduced capacity for customers, either of which could cause us to lose customers and incur expenses, and thereby adversely affect our business,
revenue and cash flows. 

Weak economic conditions may decrease demand for our services. 

We could be sensitive to economic conditions and downturns in the economy. Downturns in the economy and vendor concentration in the markets we serve could cause our
existing customers to reduce their purchases of our basic and enhanced services and make it difficult for us to obtain new customers. 

Adverse
developments in our relationship with our employees could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

As of
December 31, 2007, approximately 1,819 of our employees, or 24 percent of all of our employees, at various sites were covered by collective bargaining agreements. Our relationship with these unions generally has been satisfactory, but
occasional work stoppages have occurred. Within the last five years, one work stoppage occurred at our facility in Lexington, Kentucky, which involved approximately 350 employees and lasted approximately 120 days. Any work stoppages in the future
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We are currently party to 20 collective bargaining
agreements with several unions, which expire at various times. Of these collective bargaining agreements, 9 agreements covering a total of approximately 763 employees as of December 31, 2007 are due to expire in 2008, including one contract
covering approximately 500 employees in the former Valor market that expired February 28, 2008, and remain subject to continuing renewal negotiations. Historically, we have succeeded in negotiating new collective bargaining agreements without
work stoppages; however, no assurances can be given that we will succeed in negotiating new collective bargaining agreements to replace the expiring ones without work stoppages. Any work stoppage in the future could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition or results of operations.