Risks Relating to Our Business

The following discussion of "Risk Factors" identifies the most significant factors that may adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial position. This information should be read in conjunction with "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this report. The following discussion of risks is not all-inclusive but is designed to highlight what we believe are important factors to consider when evaluating our business and expectations. These factors could cause our future results to differ materially from our historical results and from expectations reflected in forward-looking statements. Additionally, this discussion should not be construed as a listing of risks by order of potential magnitude or probability to occur.  

Competition in our business markets could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

We serve business customers in markets across the country, competing against other communications providers and cable television companies for business customers. Competition in our business markets could adversely affect growth in business revenues and ultimately have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to compete effectively, we may be forced to lower prices or increase our sales and marketing expenses. In addition, we may need to make significant capital expenditures in order to keep up with technological advances and offer competitive services. For additional information, see the risk factor "Rapid changes in technology could affect our ability to compete for business customers."

In certain markets where we serve business customers, we lease significant amounts of network capacity in order to provide service to our customers. We lease these facilities from companies competing directly with us for business customers. For additional information, see the risk factor "In certain operating territories, we are dependent on other carriers to provide facilities which we use to provide service to our customers."

Competition in our consumer service areas could reduce our market share and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

We face intense competitive pressures in our consumer service areas. If we continue to lose consumer voice lines as we have historically, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. During 
2012
, our consumer voice lines declined 
4.5 percent
.

Sources of competition include, but are not limited to, wireless companies, cable television companies and other communications carriers. Many of our competitors, especially wireless and cable television companies, have advantages over us, including substantially larger operational and financial resources, larger and more diverse networks, less stringent regulation and superior brand recognition. For additional discussion regarding competition, see "Competition" in Item 1.

Cable television companies have aggressively expanded in our consumer markets, offering voice and high-speed Internet services in addition to video services. Some of our customers have chosen to move to cable television providers for their voice, high-speed Internet and television bundles. Cable television companies are subject to less stringent regulations than our consumer operations. For more information, refer to the risk factor, "Our competitors, especially cable television companies, in our consumer markets are subject to less stringent industry regulations."

Wireless competition has contributed to a reduction in our voice lines and generally has caused pricing pressure in the industry. Some customers have chosen to stop using traditional wireline phone service and instead rely solely on wireless service. We anticipate that this trend toward solely using wireless services will continue, particularly if wireless prices continue to decline and the quality of wireless services improves.

Competition in our consumer markets could affect our revenues and profitability in several ways, including accelerated consumer voice line loss, reductions by customers in usage-based services or shifts to less profitable services and a need to lower our prices on unregulated services or increase marketing expenses to stay competitive.

Rapid changes in technology could affect our ability to compete for business customers.

The technology used to deliver communications services has changed rapidly in the past and will likely continue to do so in the future. If we are unable to keep up with such changes, we may not be able to offer competitive services to our business 

12

customers. This could adversely affect our ability to compete for business customers, which, in turn, would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

New technologies may affect our ability to compete in our consumer markets.

Wireless companies are aggressively developing networks using next-generation data technologies, which are capable of delivering high-speed Internet service via wireless technology to a large geographic footprint. If these technologies continue to expand in availability and reliability, they could become an effective alternative to our high-speed Internet services. In addition, cable operators may be able to take advantage of certain technology to deploy faster broadband speeds more rapidly than Windstream.

In addition to broadband technology, evolving voice technologies, such as Voice over Internet Protocol ("VoIP"), may effectively compete with voice and long-distance services in our consumer markets.

These and other new and evolving technologies could result in greater competition for our voice and high-speed Internet services. If we cannot develop new services and products to keep pace with technological advances, or if such services and products are not widely embraced by our customers, our results of operations could be adversely affected.

In certain operating territories, we are dependent on other carriers to provide facilities which we use to provide service to our customers. 

In certain markets, especially where we provide services to businesses, we lease a significant portion of our network capacity from other carriers. These carriers compete directly with us for customers.

The prices for network capacity are negotiated or purchased pursuant to tariff terms and conditions. These may be changed but must be approved by the appropriate regulatory agency before they go into effect. In addition, whenever we enter a new market, and an existing agreement expires, interconnection agreements must be negotiated. If they cannot be negotiated on favorable terms, or at all, we may invoke binding arbitration by state regulatory agencies. This process is expensive and time consuming, and the results of arbitration may be unfavorable to us. The inability to obtain interconnection on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position and results of operations.

Where we lease network capacity, communications services are susceptible to changes in the availability and pricing of the provider's facilities and services. If the provider becomes legally entitled to deny or limit access to capacity, or if state commissions allow them to increase their rates, we may not be able to effectively compete. In addition, if the provider does not adequately maintain or timely install these facilities, which they are legally obligated to do, our service to customers may be adversely affected. As a result, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially affected.

Disruptions and congestion in our networks and infrastructure may cause us to lose customers and incur additional expenses. 

Our customers depend on reliable service over our network. Some of the risks to our network infrastructure include physical damage to lines, security breaches, capacity limitations, power surges or outages, software defects and disruptions beyond our control, such as natural disasters and acts of terrorism. From time to time in the ordinary course of business, we will experience short disruptions in our service due to factors such as cable damage, inclement weather and service failures of our third party service providers. Additionally, we could face disruptions due to capacity limitations as a result of changes in our customers' high speed Internet usage patterns. These patterns have changed in recent years, for example through the increased usage of video, resulting in a significant increase in the utilization of our network.

We could experience more significant disruptions in the future. Disruptions may cause interruptions in service or reduced capacity for customers, either of which could cause us to lose customers or incur additional expenses or capital expenditures. Such results could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

Disruptions in our data centers could cause service interruptions for customers using advanced data services. 

Many of our advanced data products are supported by our data center infrastructure, including offerings such as colocation services, cloud computing, managed services and disaster recovery services. Risks to our data center infrastructure include, but are not limited to, natural disasters, security breaches or acts of terrorism.

13

If a disruption occurs in one of our data centers, our customers could lose access to information critical to running their businesses, which could result in a loss of customers. We may also incur significant operating or capital expenditures to restore service. As a result, disruptions could affect our results of operations and financial condition.

Increases in broadband usage may cause network capacity limitations, resulting in service disruptions or reduced capacity for customers.

Video streaming services and peer-to-peer file sharing applications use significantly more bandwidth than traditional Internet activity such as web browsing and email. As utilization rates and availability of these services continue to grow, our high-speed Internet customers may use much more bandwidth than in the past. If this occurs, we could be required to make significant capital expenditures to increase network capacity in order to avoid service disruptions or reduced capacity for customers. 

Alternatively, we may choose to implement network management practices to reduce the network capacity available to bandwith-intensive activities during certain times in market areas experiencing congestion, and these actions could negatively affect customer experience and increase customer churn.

While we believe demand for these services may drive high-speed Internet customers to pay for faster broadband speeds, we may not be able to recover the costs of the necessary network investments. This could result in an adverse impact to our results of operations and financial condition.

We cannot assure you we will continue paying dividends at the current rate.

Our board of directors maintains a current dividend practice for the payment of quarterly cash dividends at a rate of 
$0.25
 per share of common stock. This practice can be changed at any time at the discretion of the board of directors, and our common stockholders should be aware that they have no contractual or other legal right to dividends. In addition, the other risk factors described in this section could materially reduce the cash available from operations or significantly increase our capital expenditure requirements, and these outcomes could cause funds not to be available when needed in an amount sufficient to support our current dividend practice. 

The amount of dividends that we may distribute is also limited by restricted payment and leverage covenants in our credit facilities and indentures, and, potentially, the terms of any future indebtedness that we may incur. The amount of dividends that we may distribute is also subject to restrictions under Delaware law. If our board of directors were to adopt a change in our current dividend practice that results in a reduction in the amount of dividends, such change could have a material and adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 

We are subject to various forms of regulation from the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") and state regulatory commissions in the states in which we operate, which limit our pricing flexibility for regulated voice and high-speed Internet products, subject us to service quality, service reporting and other obligations and expose us to the reduction of revenue from changes to the universal service fund, the intercarrier compensation system, or access to interconnection with competitors' facilities.

As of 
December 31, 2012
, we had operating authority from each of the 
48
 states and the District of Columbia in which we conducted local service operations, and we are subject to various forms of regulation from the regulatory commissions in each of these areas as well as from the FCC. State regulatory commissions have jurisdiction over local and intrastate services including, to some extent, the rates that we charge and service quality standards. The FCC has primary jurisdiction over interstate services including the rates that we charge other telecommunications companies that use our network and other issues related to interstate service. These regulations restrict our ability to adjust rates to reflect market conditions and affect our ability to compete and respond to changing industry conditions. 

Future revenues, costs, and capital investment in our wireline business could be adversely affected by material changes to or decisions regarding applicability of government requirements, including, but not limited to, changes in rules governing intercarrier compensation, state and federal USF support and other pricing and requirements. Federal and state communications laws may be amended in the future, and other laws may affect our business. In addition, certain laws and regulations applicable to us and our competitors may be, and have been, challenged in the courts and could be changed at any time. We cannot predict future developments or changes to the regulatory environment or the impact such developments or changes would have. 

In addition, these regulations could create significant compliance costs for us. Delays in obtaining certifications and regulatory approvals could cause us to incur substantial legal and administrative expenses, and conditions imposed in connection with 

14

such approvals could adversely affect the rates that we are able to charge our customers. Our business also may be affected by legislation and regulation imposing new or greater obligations related to, for example, assisting law enforcement, bolstering homeland and cyber-security, protecting intellectual property rights of third parties, minimizing environmental impacts, protecting customer privacy, or addressing other issues that affect our business. 

If we are prohibited from participating in government programs, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

We are the recipient of a material amount of end user revenue and government subsidies under various government programs and also serve as a government contractor for services for various state, local and federal agencies.  Our failure to comply with the complex government regulations and statutes applicable to the programs, or the terms of one or more of our government contracts, could result in our being suspended or disbarred from future government programs for a significant period of time or result in harm to our reputation with the government and possible restriction from future government activities.  While we have implemented compliance programs and internal controls that are reasonably designed to prevent misconduct and non-compliance relating to the government programs and contracting, we cannot eliminate the risk that our employees, partners or subcontractors may independently engage in such activities.  

If we are suspended or debarred from government programs, or if our government contracts are terminated for any reason, we could suffer a significant reduction in expected revenue which could have a material and adverse effect on our operating results.

Competitors, especially cable television companies, in our consumer markets are subject to less stringent industry regulations, which could result in voice line and revenues losses in the future.

Cable television companies are generally subject to less stringent regulations than our consumer operations. Cable voice offerings and others are subject to fewer service quality and reporting requirements than our consumer operations, and their rates are generally not subject to regulation, unlike our consumer voice services. Our consumer areas are also subject to "carrier of last resort" obligations, which generally obligate us to provide basic voice services to any person within our service area regardless of the profitability of the customer. Our competitors in these areas are not subject to such requirements.

Because of these regulatory disparities, we have less flexibility in our consumer markets than our competitors. This could result in accelerated voice line and revenue losses in the future.

Different interpretation and/or implementation of certain sections contained in the FCC’s Intercarrier Compensation and Universal Service reform order could result in additional access revenue reductions.

The FCC's reform order adopted in 2011 provides that intrastate traffic that originates in VoIP format and is delivered by long distance carriers to us for termination will be assessed interstate access charges. During 2012, we coordinated with long distance carriers to transition to these reduced interstate access rates, and this transition will result in further reductions on July 2, 2013.

In a subsequent order, the FCC determined that intrastate traffic we originate through the traditional telephone network and deliver to a customer served under a VoIP platform is subject to interstate access charges beginning on July 1, 2014. We have filed an appeal in the United States Court of Appeals for the 10
th

 Circuit asserting that the FCC's decision to cut originating access for such traffic without establishing a mechanism for recovering lost revenues was arbitrary, capricious, and/or inconsistent with reasoned decisionmaking. If our appeal fails or the FCC fails to create a recovery mechanism, we will incur additional access revenue reductions. In addition, due to the uncertainty surrounding the application of these rules, we cannot estimate the amount of these reductions until we can quantify the amount of traffic based on information obtained from long distance carriers.

In 
2012
, we received approximately 
4
 percent of our revenues from state and federal USF, and any material adverse regulatory developments with respect to these funds could adversely affect our profitability. 

We receive state and federal USF revenues to support the high cost of providing affordable telecommunications services in rural markets. Such support payments constituted approximately 
4
 percent of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2012. A portion of such fees are based on relative cost and voice line counts, and we expect receipt of such fees to decline as 

15

we continue to reduce costs and lose voice lines. Pending regulatory proceedings could, depending on the outcome, materially reduce our USF revenues. 

Texas is continuing to review its USF funding mechanism, and any adverse developments could significantly affect our USF revenues. Texas state USF revenues were 
$88.3 million
 in 
2012
.

We are required to make contributions to state and federal USF programs each year. Most state and federal regulations allow us to recover these contributions by including a surcharge on our customers' bills. If state and/or federal regulations change, and we become ineligible to receive support, such support is reduced, or we become unable to recover the amounts we contribute to the state and federal USF programs from our customers, our results of operations and financial condition would be directly and adversely affected. 

Our operations require substantial capital expenditures, and if funds for capital expenditures are not available when needed, this could affect our service to customers and our growth opportunities. 

We require substantial capital to maintain our network, and our growth strategy will require significant capital investments for network enhancements and build-out. During 
2012
, we incurred 
$1,101.2 million
 in capital expenditures, and we expect to incur in excess of

$800.0 million
 in capital expenditures in 2013 due to our significant investments in fiber-to-the-tower and other initiatives. See "Liquidity and Capital Resources" for our expected capital expenditures in 
2013
.

We use a significant portion of our cash generated from operations to pay dividends to stockholders, which could limit our ability to make the capital expenditures necessary to support our business needs and growth plans. We expect to be able to fund required capital expenditures from cash generated from operations. However, other risk factors described in this section could materially reduce cash available from operations or significantly increase our capital expenditure requirements. If this occurs, funds for capital expenditures may not be available when needed, which could affect our service to customers and our growth opportunities.

Unfavorable changes in financial markets could adversely affect our pension plan investments resulting in material funding requirements to meet pension obligations. 

Our pension plan invests in marketable securities, including marketable debt and equity securities denominated in foreign currencies, which are exposed to changes in the financial markets. During 
2012
, the fair market value of these investments increased from 
$948.9 million
 to 
$999.0 million
 due to return on assets held of 
$130.0 million
, or 
13.5 percent
. These increases were partially offset by routine benefit payments of 
$60.1 million
 and lump sum payments and administrative expenses of 
$19.8 million
. Returns generated on plan assets have historically funded a large portion of the benefits paid under our pension plan. 

We estimate that the long term rate of return on plan assets will be 
7.0 percent
, but returns below this estimate could significantly increase our contribution requirements, which could adversely affect our cash flows from operations. Also, historically low interest rates introduce lower discount rates, which directly increases the pension liability on our balance sheet and exposes us to greater funding obligations in the future. During the fourth quarter of 2011, we changed our policy for accounting for pension costs to immediately recognize gains or losses resulting from the return on plan assets and other true-ups to other actuarial estimates. While this change does not affect cash flows, it will introduce the potential for volatility to our earnings reported under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("U.S. GAAP"), especially if the return on plan assets during the year differ significantly from the estimated rate of return.

Our substantial debt could adversely affect our cash flow and impair our ability to raise additional capital on favorable terms. 

As of 
December 31, 2012
, we had approximately 
$8,996.5 million
 long-term debt outstanding, including current maturities. We may also obtain additional long-term debt to meet future financing needs or to fund potential acquisitions, subject to certain restrictions under our existing indebtedness, which would increase our total debt. Our substantial amount of debt could have negative consequences to our business. For example, it could: 

•

Increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;

16

•

Require us to dedicate a substantial portion of cash flows from operations to interest and principal payments on outstanding debt, thereby limiting the availability of cash flow to fund future capital expenditures, working capital and other general corporate requirements;

•

Limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the telecommunications industry;

•

Place us at a competitive disadvantage compared with competitors that have less debt; and

•

Limit our ability to borrow additional funds, even when necessary to maintain adequate liquidity.

In addition, our ability to borrow funds in the future will depend in part on the satisfaction of the covenants in our credit facilities and its other debt agreements. If we are unable to satisfy the financial covenants contained in those agreements, or are unable to generate cash sufficient to make required debt payments, the lenders and other parties to those arrangements could accelerate the maturity of some or all of our outstanding indebtedness. 

We may not generate sufficient cash flows from operations, or have future borrowings available under our credit facilities or from other sources sufficient to enable us to make our debt payments or to fund dividends and other liquidity needs. We may not be able to refinance any of our debt, including our credit facilities, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to make payments or refinance our debt, or obtain new financing under these circumstances, we would have to consider other options, such as selling assets, issuing additional equity or debt, or negotiating with our lenders to restructure the applicable debt. Our credit agreement and the indentures governing our senior notes may restrict, or market or business conditions may limit, our ability to do some of these things on favorable terms or at all. 

As of February 11, 2013, Moody's Investors Service ("Moody's"), S&P and Fitch Ratings ("Fitch") had granted Windstream the following senior secured, senior unsecured and corporate credit ratings: 

Description

Moody’s  

S&P    

Fitch    

Senior secured credit rating

Baa3

BB+

BBB-

Senior unsecured credit rating

Ba3

B

BB+

Corporate credit rating

Ba2

BB-

BB+

Outlook

Negative

Stable

Stable

Factors that could affect our short and long-term credit ratings include, but are not limited to, a material decline in our operating results, increased debt levels relative to operating cash flows resulting from future acquisitions, increased capital expenditure requirements, or changes to our dividend policy. In addition, we are not currently paying down a significant amount of debt. If our credit ratings were to be downgraded from current levels, we might incur higher interest costs on future borrowings, and our access to the public capital markets could be adversely affected. 

We may be unable to fully realize expected benefits from our recent acquisitions. 

We expect to achieve substantial synergies, cost savings and growth opportunities as a result of our recent acquisitions. If we are unable to successfully integrate acquired businesses, or integrate them in a timely fashion, we may face material adverse affects including, but not limited to:

•

diversion of management's attention to and potential disruption of our ongoing businesses;

•

customer losses;

•

the loss of quality employees from the acquired companies;

•

adverse developments in vendor relationships;

•

declines in our results of operations and financial condition; and

•

a decline in the market price of our common stock.

17

Even if we successfully integrate these businesses, there can be no assurance that these integrations will result in the realization of the full benefit of the anticipated synergies, cost savings or growth opportunities or that these benefits will be realized within the expected time frames.

We may need to defend ourselves against lawsuits or claims that we infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others.

From time to time, we receive notices from third parties, or we are named in lawsuits filed by third parties, claiming we have infringed or are infringing upon their intellectual property rights. We may receive similar notices or be involved in similar lawsuits in the future. In certain situations, we may have the ability to seek indemnification from our vendors regarding these lawsuits or claims. If we cannot enforce our indemnification rights or if our vendors lack the financial means to indemnify us, these claims may require us to expend significant time and money defending our alleged use of the affected technology, may require us to enter into licensing agreements requiring one-time or periodic royalty payments that we would not otherwise have to pay or may require us to pay damages. If we are required to take one or more of these actions, it may result in an adverse impact to our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, in responding to these claims, we may be required to stop selling or redesign one or more of our products or services, which could adversely affect the way we conduct our business.

Weak economic conditions may decrease demand for our services. 

We could be affected by economic conditions and downturns in the economy, especially in regards to our business customers. Downturns in the economy in the markets we serve could cause our existing customers to reduce their purchases of our services and make it difficult for us to obtain new customers.

Our relationships with other communications companies are material to our operations and their financial difficulties may adversely affect us. 

We originate and terminate calls for long distance and other voice carriers over our network in exchange for access charges. These access charges represent a significant portion of our revenues. Additionally, we are making significant capital investments to deploy fiber-to-the-tower and other network services for wireless companies in return for long-term revenue generating contracts. If these carriers go bankrupt or experience substantial financial difficulties and we are unable to timely collect payments from them, it may have a negative effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

Key suppliers may experience financial difficulties that may affect our operations. 

Windstream purchases a significant amount of equipment from key suppliers to maintain, upgrade and enhance our network facilities and operations. Should these suppliers experience financial difficulties, their issues could adversely affect our business through increased prices to source purchases through alternative vendors or unanticipated delays in the delivery of equipment and services purchased. 

Adverse developments in our relationship with our employees could adversely affect our business, our results of operations and financial condition.

As of 
December 31, 2012
, 
1,722
 of our employees at various sites, or 
12
 percent of all of our employees, were covered by collective bargaining agreements. Our relationship with these unions generally has been satisfactory, but occasional work stoppages have occurred. 

We are currently party to 
24
 collective bargaining agreements and one National Pension Agreement with several unions, which expire at various times. Of our existing collective bargaining agreements, 
ten
 agreements covering 
612
 employees are due to expire in 2013. In addition, the national pension agreement covers 
612
 employees. This agreement expired in 2010 but has been extended indefinitely, subject to the right of Windstream or the unions to terminate the agreement with 30 days notice. Historically, we have succeeded in negotiating new collective bargaining agreements without work stoppages; however, no assurances can be given that we will succeed in negotiating new collective bargaining agreements to replace the expiring ones without work stoppages. Increases in organizational activity or any future work stoppages could have a material adverse effect on our business, our results of operations and financial condition.

18

Cyber security incidents could have a significant operational and financial impact.

We store customers' proprietary business information in our facilities through our colocation, managed services and cloud computing services. In addition, we maintain certain sensitive customer information in our financial and operating systems. While we have implemented data security polices and other internal controls to safeguard and protect against misuse or loss of this information, if their data were compromised through a cyber security incident, it could have a significant impact on our results of operations and financial condition.

19