Risks Relating to Windstream’s Business

We face intense competition in our businesses from many sources that could reduce our market
share or adversely affect our financial performance.

Substantial and increasing competition exists in the wireline communications industry. Our ILEC
operations have experienced, and will continue to experience, competition in their local service
areas. Sources of competition to our local service business include, but are not limited to,
wireless communications providers, resellers of local exchange services, interexchange carriers,
satellite transmission service providers, cable television companies, competitive access service
providers, including, without limitation, those utilizing Unbundled Network Elements- Platform
or UNE-P, and voice-over-Internet-protocol, or VoIP, and providers using other emerging
technologies.

Competition could adversely affect us in several ways, including (1) the loss of customers and
market share, (2) the possibility of customers reducing their usage of our services or shifting
to less profitable services, (3) our need to lower prices or increase marketing expenses to
remain competitive and (4) our inability to diversify by successfully offering new products or
services.

We may not be able to compete successfully with cable operators which are subject to less
stringent industry regulations.

Cable television companies deploying a cable modem service represent our principal competitors
for broadband Internet access. Broadband offerings by cable television companies are mostly
unregulated by state public service commissions who regulate us and are not subject to tariffs,
therefore providing such companies much greater pricing flexibility. As of December 31, 2006
the majority of our broadband DSL offerings were federally regulated and are required to comply
with federal tariffs.

We also face competition from cable television companies providing voice service offerings.
Voice offerings of cable operators are offered mainly under Competitive Local Exchange Carrier
certificates obtained in states where they offer services and therefore are subject to fewer
service quality or service reporting requirements. In addition, the rates or prices of the voice
service offerings of cable companies are not subject to regulation. In contrast, our voice
service rates or prices, in our capacity as an Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier, are subject to
regulation by various state public service commissions and, unlike cable operators, are also
subject to “carrier of last resort” obligations which generally obligates us to provide basic
voice services to any person regardless of the profitability of such customer. We may not be
able to compete successfully with cable companies in either the offering of broadband or voice
services.

Competition from wireless carriers is likely to continue to cause access line losses which could
adversely affect our operating results and financial performance.

Competition, mainly from wireless and broadband substitution, has caused in recent years a
reduction in the number of Windstream access lines and generally has caused pricing pressure in
the industry. As wireless carriers continue to expand and improve their network coverage while
lowering their prices, some customers choose to stop using traditional wireline phone service
and instead rely solely on wireless service. We anticipate that this trend toward solely using
wireless services will continue, particularly if wireless prices continue to decline and the
quality of wireless services improves. Many wireless carriers are substantially larger than we
are and will have greater financial resources and superior brand recognition than we have. In
the future, it is expected that the number of access lines served by us will continue to be
adversely affected by wireless and broadband substitution and that industry-wide pricing
pressure will continue. We may not be able to compete successfully with these wireless carriers.

16

Table of Contents

Windstream Corporation
Form 10-K, Part I

Item 1A.



We may not be able to compete successfully against companies offering integrated communication
services.

Through mergers, joint ventures and various service expansion strategies, providers of competing
communications services are increasingly able to provide integrated services in many of the
markets that we serve. If we are unable to offer integrated service offerings, we may not be
able to compete successfully against competitors that offer more integrated service packages.
During the fourth quarter of 2005, the Company began offering DISH Network satellite television
service to its residential customers as part of a bundled service offering. In January 2007,
Windstream announced a multi-year extension to our existing agreement with EchoStar
Communications Corporation to offer DISH Network satellite television service to Windstream
customers throughout its 16-state territory. We expect to continue to offer additional bundled
services such as DSL, long distance and second lines with our basic voice service to create more
appealing product offerings at more attractive prices to our customers. However, it may be
difficult for us to provide customers a single, clear invoice and integrated customer care for
bundled services. We have also decided not to offer wireless services as a bundle with our
services at this time.

We could be harmed by rapid changes in technology.

The communications industry is experiencing significant technological changes, particularly in
the areas of VoIP, data transmission and wireless communications. Rapid technological
developments in wireless, personal communications services, digital microwave, satellite,
broadband radio services, local multipoint distribution services, meshed wireless fidelity, or
WiFi, and other wireless technologies could result in the development of products or services
that compete with or displace those offered by traditional local exchange carriers (“LECs”). For
example, we may be unable to retain existing customers who decide to replace their wireline
telephone service with wireless telephone service. In addition, the development and deployment
of cable and broadband technology will result in additional local telephone line losses for us
if customers choose VoIP for their local telephone service. Additional access line loss will
also likely occur as customers shift from dial-up data services, which are often on a second
phone line, to high-speed data services. Furthermore, the proliferation of replacement
technologies impacting our wireline business could require us to make significant additional
capital investment in order to compete with other service providers that may enjoy network
advantages that will enable them to provide services more efficiently or at a lower cost.
Alternatively, we may not be able to obtain timely access to new technology on satisfactory
terms or incorporate new technology into our systems in a cost effective manner, or at all. If
we cannot develop new services and products to keep pace with technological advances, or if such
services and products are not widely embraced by our customers, our results of operations could
be adversely impacted.

We provide services to our customers over access lines, and if we continue to lose access lines
like we have historically, our revenues, earnings and cash flow from operations could be
adversely affected.

Our business generates revenue by
delivering voice and data services over access lines. We have
experienced net access line loss over the past few years. Although
our access lines increased by approximately 360,000, or
12 percent, during the
year ended December 31,
2006, this increase was driven by the acquisition of Valor and its
approximately 500,000 access lines. During 2006, including the acquired Valor operations on a pro forma basis, the number of access lines
we served declined by approximately 4.4 percent due to a number of factors, including increased
competition and wireless and broadband substitution. We expect to continue to experience net
access line loss in our markets for an unforeseen period of time. Our inability to retain access
lines could adversely affect our revenues, earnings and cash flow from operations.

We are subject to various forms of regulation from the Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”)
and the regulatory commissions in the 16 states in which we operate which limits our pricing
flexibility for regulated voice and broadband DSL products, subjects us to service quality,
service reporting and other obligations, and exposes us to the reduction of revenue from changes
to the universal service fund or the intercarrier compensation system.

As a provider of wireline communication services, we have operating authority from each of the
16 states in which we conduct local service operations, and we are subject to various forms of
regulation from the regulatory commissions in each of these 16 states as well as from the FCC.
State regulatory commissions have primary jurisdiction over local and intrastate services
including, to some extent, the rates that we charge customers, and other telecommunications
companies, and service quality standards. The FCC has primary jurisdiction over interstate
services including the rates that we charge other telecommunications companies that use our
network and other issues related to interstate service. These regulations restrict our ability
to adjust rates to reflect market conditions and affect our ability to compete and respond to
changing industry conditions.

17

Table of Contents

Windstream Corporation
Form 10-K, Part I

Item 1A.

Risk Factors

Future revenues, costs, and capital investment in our wireline business could be adversely
affected by material changes to these regulations, including, but not limited to, changes in
inter-carrier compensation, state and federal USF support, UNE and UNE-P pricing and
requirements, and VoIP regulation. Federal and state communications laws may be amended in the
future, and other laws may affect our business. In addition, certain laws and regulations
applicable to us and our competitors may be, and have been, challenged in the courts and could
be changed at any time. We cannot predict future developments or changes to the regulatory
environment or the impact such developments or changes would have.

In addition, these regulations could create significant compliance costs for us. Delays in
obtaining certifications and regulatory approvals could cause us to incur substantial legal and
administrative expenses, and conditions imposed in connection with such approvals could
adversely affect the rates that we are able to charge our customers. Our business also may be
affected by legislation and regulation imposing new or greater obligations related to assisting
law enforcement, bolstering homeland security, minimizing environmental impacts, or addressing
other issues that impact our business. For example, existing provisions of the Communications
Assistance for Law Enforcement Act require communications carriers to ensure that their
equipment, facilities, and services are able to facilitate authorized electronic surveillance.
Our compliance costs will increase if future legislation, regulations or orders continue to
increase our obligations.

In 2006, the Company received approximately 8% of its revenues from state and federal Universal
Service Funds, and any adverse regulatory developments with respect to these funds could
adversely affect our profitability.

We receive state and federal USF revenues to support the high cost of providing affordable
telecommunications services in rural markets. Such support payments constituted approximately 8%
of the Company revenues for the year ended December 31, 2006. A portion of such fees are based
on relative cost structures, and we expect receipt of such fees to decline as we continue to
reduce costs. Pending regulatory proceedings could, depending on the outcome, materially reduce
our USF revenues.

We will be required to make contributions to state and federal USFs each year. Current state and
federal regulations allow us to recover these contributions by including a surcharge on our
customers’ bills. If state and/or federal regulations change, and we become ineligible to
receive support, such support is reduced, or we become unable to recover the amounts we
contribute to the state and federal USFs from our customers, our earnings and cash flow from
operations would be directly and adversely affected.

We may be affected by significant restrictions with respect to certain actions that could
jeopardize the tax-free status of our July 17, 2006 merger and spin-off.

The July 17, 2006 merger agreement restricts us from taking certain actions that could cause the
spin-off to be taxable to Alltel under Section 355(e) of the Internal Revenue code or otherwise
jeopardize the tax-free status of the spin-off or the merger (which the merger agreement refers
to as “disqualifying actions”), including:

 •

Generally, for two years after the spin-off, taking, or permitting any of our
subsidiaries to take, an action that might be a disqualifying action without receiving the
prior consent of Alltel;

 •

For two years after the spin-off, entering into any agreement, understanding
or arrangement or engaging in any substantial negotiations with respect to any transaction
involving the acquisition of our stock or the issuance of shares of our stock, or options
to acquire or other rights in respect of such stock, in excess of a permitted basket of
71,130,989 shares (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations,
reclassifications and similar transactions), unless, generally, the shares are issued to
qualifying employees or retirement plans, each in accordance with “safe harbors” under
regulations issued by the IRS;

 •

For two years after the spin-off, repurchasing our shares, except to the
extent consistent with guidance issued by the IRS;

 •

For two years after the spin-off, permitting certain wholly-owned subsidiaries
that were wholly-owned subsidiaries of Alltel Holding Corp. at the time of the spin-off to
cease the active conduct of the Windstream business to the extent so conducted by those
subsidiaries immediately prior to the spin-off; and

 •

For two years after the spin-off, voluntarily dissolving, liquidating, merging
or consolidating with any other person, unless (1) we are the survivor of the merger or
consolidation or (2) prior to undertaking such action, we receive the prior consent of
Alltel.

18

Table of Contents

Windstream Corporation
Form 10-K, Part I

Item 1A.

Risk Factors

Nevertheless, we will be permitted to take any of the actions described above in the event that
the Internal Revenue Service has granted a favorable ruling to Alltel or us as to the effect of
such action on the tax-free status of the merger and spin-off transactions. To the extent that
the tax-free status of the transactions is lost because of a disqualifying action taken by us or
any of our subsidiaries after the distribution date (except to the extent that Alltel has
delivered a previous determination to us permitting such action), we generally will be required
to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Alltel and its subsidiaries (or any successor to any of
them) from and against any and all resulting tax-related losses incurred by Alltel.

Because of these restrictions, we may be limited in the amount of stock that we can issue to
make acquisitions in the two years subsequent to the spin-off and merger. Also, our indemnity
obligation to Alltel might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control during this two-year
period that our stockholders may consider favorable.

We have little operating history as an independent company and our historical financial
information is not necessarily representative of the results we would have achieved as an
independent publicly traded company and may not be a reliable indicator of our future
results.

The historical financial information included in this Annual Report does not necessarily
reflect the financial condition, results of operations or cash flows we would have achieved
as an independent publicly traded company during the periods presented or those results we
will achieve in the future. This results from the fact that our historical financial results
reflect allocations of corporate expenses from Alltel. The actual amount of the comparable
expenses we would have incurred had we operated as an independent publicly traded company may
have been greater than those allocated from Alltel.

Disruption in our networks and infrastructure may cause us to lose customers and incur
additional expenses.

To be successful, we will need to continue to provide our customers with reliable service over
our networks. Some of the risks to our networks and infrastructure include: physical damage to
access lines, breaches of security, capacity limitations, power surges or outages, software
defects and disruptions beyond our control, such as natural disasters and acts of terrorism.
From time to time in the ordinary course of business, we will experience short disruptions in
our service due to factors such as cable damage, inclement weather and service failures of our
third party service providers. We could experience more significant disruptions in the future.
Disruptions may cause interruptions in service or reduced capacity for customers, either of
which could cause us to lose customers and incur expenses, and thereby adversely affect our
business, revenue and cash flow.

Weak economic conditions may decrease demand for our services.

We are sensitive to economic conditions and downturns in the economy. Downturns in the economies
and vendor concentration in the markets we serve could cause our existing customers to reduce
their purchases of our basic and enhanced services and make it difficult for us to obtain new
customers.

Adverse developments in our relationship with our employees could adversely affect our
business, financial condition or results of operations.

As of December 31, 2006, approximately 1,955 of our employees, or 24% of all of our
employees, at various sites were covered by collective bargaining agreements. Our
relationship with these unions generally has been satisfactory, but occasional work stoppages
have occurred. Within the last five years, one work stoppage occurred at our facility in
Lexington, Kentucky, which involved approximately 350 employees and lasted approximately 120
days. Any work stoppages in the future could have a material adverse effect on Windstream’s
business, financial condition or results of operations.

19

Table of Contents

Windstream Corporation
Form 10-K, Part I

Item 1A.

Risk Factors

We are currently party to 22 collective bargaining agreements with several unions, which
expire at various times. Ten of these collective bargaining agreements, covering a total of
approximately 797 employees as of December 31, 2006, are due to expire in 2007.
Historically, we have succeeded in negotiating new collective bargaining agreements without
work stoppages; however, no assurances can be given that we will succeed in negotiating new
collective bargaining agreements to replace the expiring ones without work stoppages. Any
work stoppage in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or results of operations.

The split-off of our directory publishing business and related transactions are subject to
certain conditions to closing that could result in the transactions being delayed or not
completed, which could negatively impact our future business and operations.

Failure to complete the split-off of our directory publishing business to affiliates of Welsh
Carson could negatively affect our future business and operations. The transactions are
subject to customary conditions to closing. If any of the conditions to the transactions are
not satisfied or, if waiver is permissible, not waived, the transactions will not be
completed. If the split-off and related transactions are not completed for any reason, we
will not recognize the anticipated benefits of the transactions, such as the retirement of a
portion of our outstanding debt under our senior secured credit facilities and the repurchase
of our common stock from Welsh Carson. In addition, we must pay our own expenses related to
the transactions, including substantial legal, audit and financial advisory fees, even if the
transaction is not completed, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
Further, if the transaction with Welsh Carson is unsuccessful and our board of directors
determines to seek another transaction, it may not be able to find a partner willing to pay
an equivalent or more attractive price than that which would have been paid in the
transaction with Welsh Carson.