Risks Relating to Windstream’s Business 

We face
intense competition in our businesses from many sources that could reduce our market share or adversely affect our financial performance. 

Substantial and increasing competition exists in the wireline communications industry. Our ILEC operations have experienced, and will continue to experience, competition in their local service areas. Sources of competition to our local
service business include, but are not limited to, wireless communications providers, cable television companies, resellers of local exchange services, interexchange carriers, satellite transmission service providers, electric utilities, competitive
access service providers, including, without limitation, those utilizing an Unbundled Network Elements-Platform or UNE-P, VoIP providers, and providers using other emerging technologies. 

Many of Windstream’s current and potential competitors (a) have substantially larger operational and financial resources, (b) own larger and more diverse networks, (c) are subject to
less regulation and (d) have superior brand recognition. 

Competition could adversely affect us in several ways, including (1) the
loss of customers and resulting revenue and market share, (2) the possibility of customers reducing their usage of our services or shifting to less profitable services, (3) our need to lower prices or increase marketing expenses to remain
competitive and (4) our inability to diversify by successfully offering new products or services. 

We may not be able to compete
successfully with cable operators that are subject to less stringent industry regulations. 

We face competition from cable television
companies providing voice service offerings. Voice offerings of cable operators are offered mainly under Competitive Local Exchange Carrier certificates obtained in states where they offer services and therefore are subject to fewer service quality
or service reporting requirements than our ILEC operations. In addition, the rates or prices of the voice service offerings of cable companies are not subject to regulation. In contrast, our voice service rates or prices, in our capacity as an ILEC,
are subject to regulation by various state public service commissions. Unlike cable operators, our ILEC operations are also subject to “carrier of last resort” obligations, which generally obligates us to provide basic voice services to
any person regardless of the profitability of such customer. As a result of these disadvantages, we may not be able to compete successfully with cable companies in the offering of voice services. 

Funding from the federal broadband stimulus program could result in increased competition, which could adversely affect our operating results and
financial performance. 

The federal broadband stimulus program is providing approximately $7.0 billion in financial incentives to
companies for the purpose of expanding broadband service in unserved or underserved markets. Financial incentives paid to new or existing competitors could incent them to enter markets where Windstream is already providing broadband service. This
could result in increased competition and the loss of customers, negatively impacting our operating results and financial performance. 

Competition from wireless carriers is likely to continue to cause access line losses, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial performance. 

Wireless competition has contributed to a reduction in our access lines, and generally has caused pricing pressure in the industry. As wireless carriers continue to expand and improve their network
coverage while lowering their prices, some customers choose to stop using traditional wireline phone service and instead rely solely on wireless service. We anticipate that this trend toward solely using wireless services will continue, particularly
if wireless prices continue to decline and the quality of wireless services improves. In the future, it is expected that the number of access lines served by us will continue to be adversely affected by wireless substitution and that industry-wide
pricing pressure will continue. We may not be able to compete successfully with these wireless carriers. 

We could be harmed by rapid
changes in technology. 

The communications industry is experiencing significant technological changes, particularly in the areas of
VoIP, data transmission and wireless communications. Rapid technological developments in wireless, personal communications

15 

Table of Contents

Windstream Corporation 

Form 10-K, Part I 

Item 1A.  
 

services, digital microwave, satellite, high-speed Internet radio services, local multipoint distribution services, meshed wireless fidelity, or WiFi, and other technologies could result in the
development of products or services that compete with or displace those offered by traditional local exchange carriers (“LECs”). For example, there is a risk that cable operators may be able to deploy broadband service at higher speeds
using data-over-cable-service-interface specification, or DOCSIS, more rapidly than Windstream. In addition, wireless companies are developing networks using long-term evolution (or LTE) and Worldwide Interoperability for Microwave Access (or
WIMAX), that purport to support greater data transmission speeds over wireless networks. 

These new and evolving technologies could result in
greater competition and product substitution for Windstream’s high-speed Internet services. Furthermore, the proliferation of replacement technologies impacting our wireline business could require us to make significant additional capital
investment in order to compete with other service providers that may enjoy network advantages that will enable them to provide services more efficiently or at a lower cost. Alternatively, we may not be able to obtain timely access to new technology
on satisfactory terms or incorporate new technology into our systems in a cost effective manner, or at all. If we cannot develop new services and products to keep pace with technological advances, or if such services and products are not widely
embraced by our customers, our results of operations could be adversely impacted. 

We provide services to our customers over access
lines, and if we continue to lose access lines like we have historically, our revenues, earnings and cash flows from operations could be adversely affected. 

Our business generates revenue by delivering voice and data services over access lines. We have experienced net access line loss over the past few years. During 2009, excluding the impact of the D&E
and Lexcom acquisitions, the number of access lines we served declined by approximately 4.8 percent due to a number of factors, including increased competition and wireless and high-speed Internet substitution. We expect to continue to experience
net access line loss in our markets. Our inability to retain access lines could adversely affect our revenues, earnings and cash flow from operations. 

We are subject to various forms of regulation from the Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”) and state regulatory commissions in the 16 states in which we operate, which limits our pricing flexibility for regulated voice
and high-speed Internet products, subjects us to service quality, service reporting and other obligations, and exposes us to the reduction of revenue from changes to the universal service fund or the inter-carrier compensation system.

As a provider of wireline communication services, we have operating authority from each of the 16 states in which we conduct local
service operations, and we are subject to various forms of regulation from the regulatory commissions in each of these 16 states as well as from the FCC. State regulatory commissions have jurisdiction over local and intrastate services including, to
some extent, the rates that we charge customers and other telecommunications companies, and service quality standards. The FCC has primary jurisdiction over interstate services including the rates that we charge other telecommunications companies
that use our network and other issues related to interstate service. These regulations restrict our ability to adjust rates to reflect market conditions and affect our ability to compete and respond to changing industry conditions. 

Future revenues, costs, and capital investment in our wireline business could be adversely affected by material changes to these regulations, including, but
not limited to, changes in rules governing inter-carrier compensation, state and federal USF support, UNE and UNE-P pricing and requirements, and VoIP regulation. Federal and state communications laws may be amended in the future, and other laws may
affect our business. In addition, certain laws and regulations applicable to us and our competitors may be, and have been, challenged in the courts and could be changed at any time. We cannot predict future developments or changes to the regulatory
environment or the impact such developments or changes would have. 

In addition, these regulations could create significant compliance costs
for us. Delays in obtaining certifications and regulatory approvals could cause us to incur substantial legal and administrative expenses, and conditions imposed in connection with such approvals could adversely affect the rates that we are able to
charge our customers. Our business also may be affected by legislation and regulation imposing new or greater obligations related to assisting law enforcement, bolstering homeland security, minimizing environmental impacts, or addressing other
issues that impact our business. For example, existing provisions of the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act require

16 

Table of Contents

Windstream Corporation 

Form 10-K, Part I 

Item 1A.  
Risk Factors 

communications carriers to ensure that their equipment, facilities, and services are able to facilitate authorized electronic surveillance. Our compliance costs could increase if future
legislation, regulations or orders continue to increase our obligations. 

Changes to regulations could materially reduce the
Company’s revenues from inter-carrier compensation. 

The Company’s local exchange subsidiaries currently receive
compensation from other telecommunications providers, including long distance companies, for origination and termination of interexchange traffic through network access charges that are established in accordance with state and federal laws. In 2009
the Company recognized $274.4 million in inter-carrier compensation, a 12.1 percent reduction from 2008 levels. This reduction in inter-carrier compensation revenue is primarily due to decreases in minutes of use associated with access line losses
resulting from wireless and cable voice competition, efforts by carriers to mask traffic to avail their traffic of lower inter-carrier compensation rates and carriers alleging that their traffic is not subject to existing intercarrier compensation
rules as a result of the technology being used to deliver the traffic. Absent any changes to existing inter-carrier compensation regulations, the Company expects inter-carrier revenues to continue to be unfavorably impacted by these trends in 2010.

On November 5, 2008, the FCC issued a further notice of proposed rulemaking (“FNPRM”) that sought comment on proposals that
would change the rules governing inter-carrier compensation (see “Item I, Business, Regulation – Inter-carrier Compensation”). Proposals considered by the FNPRM would significantly reduce inter-carrier compensation revenues over a
ten-year period, classify VoIP/PSTN traffic as an “information service,” and adopt measures to ensure proper billing of “phantom traffic”. Adoption of the FCC’s proposed plan could materially reduce the Company’s
inter-carrier compensation revenue. We do not know whether the FCC’s proposed plan, or a substantially similar plan, will be adopted. 

In 2009, we received approximately 7 percent of our revenues from state and federal Universal Service Funds, and any adverse regulatory developments with respect to these funds could adversely affect our profitability.

We receive state and federal USF revenues to support the high cost of providing affordable telecommunications services in rural
markets. Such support payments constituted approximately 7 percent of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2009. A portion of such fees are based on relative cost and access line counts, and we expect receipt of such fees to decline as
we continue to reduce costs and lose access lines. Pending regulatory proceedings could, depending on the outcome, materially reduce our USF revenues. 

In addition, the FCC is currently conducting a rulemaking proceeding to consider changes to the rules governing inter-carrier compensation. Windstream strongly supports regulatory reform. At this time, Windstream cannot predict the ultimate
outcome of these proceedings or the impact on its revenues and expenses. 

We are required to make contributions to state and federal USF
programs each year. Current state and federal regulations allow us to recover these contributions by including a surcharge on our customers’ bills. If state and/or federal regulations change, and we become ineligible to receive support, such
support is reduced, or we become unable to recover the amounts we contribute to the state and federal USF programs from our customers, our earnings and cash flows from operations would be directly and adversely affected. 

Windstream’s substantial debt could adversely affect our cash flow and impair our ability to raise additional capital on favorable terms.

As of December 31, 2009, we had approximately $6.3 billion in long-term debt outstanding. We may also obtain additional
long-term debt to meet future financing needs or to fund potential acquisitions, subject to certain restrictions under our existing indebtedness, which would increase our total debt. Our substantial amount of debt could have negative consequences to
our business. For example, it could: 

•

 Increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

•

 Require us to dedicate a substantial portion of cash flows from operations to interest and principal payments on outstanding debt, thereby limiting the
availability of cash flow to fund future capital expenditures, working capital and other general corporate requirements; 

17 

Table of Contents

Windstream Corporation 

Form 10-K, Part I 

Item 1A.  
Risk Factors 

•

 Limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the telecommunications industry; 

•

 Place us at a competitive disadvantage compared with competitors that have less debt; and 

•

 Limit our ability to borrow additional funds, even when necessary to maintain adequate liquidity. 

In addition, our ability to borrow funds in the future will depend in part on the satisfaction of the covenants in our credit facilities and its other debt
agreements. If we are unable to satisfy the financial covenants contained in those agreements, or are unable to generate cash sufficient to make required debt payments, the lenders and other parties to those arrangements could accelerate the
maturity of some or all of our outstanding indebtedness. 

We may not generate sufficient cash flows from operations, or have future borrowings
available under our credit facilities or from other sources sufficient to enable us to make our debt payments or to fund dividends and other liquidity needs. We may not be able to refinance any of our debt, including our credit facilities, on
commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to make payments or refinance our debt, or obtain new financing under these circumstances, we would have to consider other options, such as selling assets, issuing additional equity or debt,
or negotiating with our lenders to restructure the applicable debt. Our credit agreement and the indentures governing our senior notes may restrict, or market or business conditions may limit, our ability to do some of these things on favorable
terms or at all. 

As of February 23, 2010, Moody’s Investors Service (“Moody’s”), Standard & Poor’s
Corporation (“S&P”) and Fitch Ratings (“Fitch”) had granted Windstream the following senior secured, senior unsecured and corporate credit ratings: 

 Description

Moody’s

S&P

Fitch

 Senior secured credit rating

Baa3

BB+

BBB-

 Senior unsecured credit rating

Ba3

B+

BB+

 Corporate credit rating

Ba2

BB-

BB+

 Outlook

Stable

Stable

Negative

Factors that could affect Windstream’s short and long-term credit ratings would include, but are not limited to, a material decline in the Company’s operating results, increased debt levels
relative to operating cash flows resulting from future acquisitions, increased capital expenditure requirements, or changes to our dividend policy. If Windstream’s credit ratings were to be downgraded from current levels, the Company may incur
higher interest costs on future borrowings, and the Company’s access to the public capital markets could be adversely affected. 

Windstream may be unable to fully realize expected synergies in connection with various recent transactions. 

In
addition to the recently completed acquisitions of D&E, Lexcom and NuVox, the Company has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Iowa Telecom. For more information on these transactions, see “Item 1 – Pending Acquisitions
and Material Acquisitions Completed During The Last Five Years”. 

Windstream expects to achieve substantial synergies, cost savings and
growth opportunities as a result of such acquisitions. However, Windstream’s ability to realize the anticipated synergies, cost savings and growth opportunities will depend upon the successful consummation of pending acquisitions and the
integration of the respective businesses of these companies with that of Windstream. Even if Windstream successfully consummates all of these acquisitions and integrates these businesses, there can be no assurance that this integration will result
in the realization of the full benefit of the anticipated synergies, cost savings or growth opportunities or that these benefits will be realized within the expected time frames. Despite Windstream’s efforts to retain quality employees,
Windstream might lose some employees in connection with these acquisitions. Windstream cannot assure you that the combined companies will be able to attract, retain and integrate employees following these acquisitions. It is possible that the
integration process of the respective acquisitions could result in the diversion of Windstream’s management’s attention, the disruption or interruption of, or the loss of momentum in, Windstream’s ongoing business or inconsistencies
in standards, controls, procedures and policies, any of which could adversely affect Windstream’s ability to maintain relationships with its customers and employees or Windstream’s ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of these
acquisitions, or could

18 

Table of Contents

Windstream Corporation 

Form 10-K, Part I 

Item 1A.  
Risk Factors 

reduce the earnings or otherwise adversely affect Windstream’s business and financial results. The market price of Windstream common stock may decline as a result of these acquisitions if
the consummation of these acquisitions or the integration of these businesses is unsuccessful or takes longer than expected, the perceived benefits of these acquisitions are not achieved as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by financial analysts
or investors, or the effect of these acquisitions on Windstream’s financial results is not consistent with the expectations of financial analysts or investors. 

Windstream is dependent upon other ILECs for facilities and service in operating territories in which it is not the incumbent. 

Following the merger with NuVox, Windstream will have significant operating presences in territories where it will depend upon the ILEC to install and maintain the vast majority of the facilities used to
serve its customers (“CLEC territories”). These facilities include certain digital transmission lines, unbundled network elements (“UNEs”) and other network components. The prices for these network components are negotiated with
the ILEC or purchased pursuant to the ILEC’s special access tariff terms and conditions. The terms, conditions and prices included in these tariffs may be changed but must be approved by the appropriate regulatory agency before they go into
effect. In addition, interconnection agreements with the ILEC must be negotiated whenever Windstream enters a new CLEC market or an existing agreement expires. If interconnection agreements with the ILECs cannot be negotiated on favorable terms, or
at all, Windstream may invoke binding arbitration by state regulatory agencies. The arbitration process is expensive and time consuming, and the results of arbitration may be unfavorable to Windstream. The inability to obtain interconnection on
favorable terms would be detrimental to operations in the CLEC territories. 

Access to the ILEC-provisioned facilities and services is
essential for providing communication services in the CLEC territories. Because of this dependence, communications services in these territories are susceptible to changes in the availability and pricing of ILEC facilities and services. If the ILECs
become legally entitled to deny or limit access to network elements such as UNEs, or if state commissions allow ILECs to increase their rates for these elements or services, Windstream may not be able to effectively compete in these CLEC
territories. In addition, if the ILECs do not adequately maintain or timely install these facilities, which they are legally obligated to do, Windstream’s service to customers may be adversely affected. As a result, Windstream’s business,
results of operations and financial condition could be materially impacted as Windstream may have difficulty retaining existing customers and attracting new ones. 

Our operations require substantial capital expenditures. 

We require substantial
capital to maintain, upgrade and enhance our network facilities and operations. During 2009, we incurred $298.1 million in capital expenditures. In addition, our current dividend practice utilizes a significant portion of our cash generated from
operations and therefore limits our operating and financial flexibility and our ability to significantly increase capital expenditures. While we have historically been able to fund capital expenditures from cash generated from operations, the other
risk factors described in this section could materially reduce cash available from operations or significantly increase our capital expenditure requirements, and these outcomes could cause capital to not be available when needed. This could
adversely affect our business. 

Unfavorable changes in financial markets could adversely affect our pension plan investments resulting
in material funding requirements to meet pension obligations. 

The Company’s pension plan invests in marketable equity
securities, including marketable debt and equity securities denominated in foreign currencies, which are exposed to changes in the financial markets. During 2009, the fair market value of these investments increased 19.9 percent to $784.0 million
primarily due to increases in the market value of assets held of $152.0 million, transfers from the D&E pension plan of $61.4 million and contributions of $3.3 million. Partially offsetting these increases were routine and lump sum benefit
payments of $51.1 million and $35.6 million, respectively. Returns generated on plan assets have historically funded a large portion of the benefits paid under the Company’s pension plan. The Company estimates that the long term rate of return
on plan assets will be 8.0 percent, but returns below this estimate could significantly increase our contribution requirements, which could adversely affect our cash flows from operations. 

19 

Table of Contents

Windstream Corporation 

Form 10-K, Part I 

Item 1A.  
Risk
Factors 

Windstream’s relationships with other
communications companies are material to its operations and their financial difficulties may adversely affect Windstream. 

Windstream
originates and terminates calls for long distance carriers and other interexchange carriers over Windstream’s network in exchange for access charges that represent a significant portion of Windstream’s revenues. Should these carriers go
bankrupt or experience substantial financial difficulties, Windstream’s inability to timely collect access charges from them could have a negative effect on Windstream’s business and results of operation. 

Disruption in our networks and infrastructure may cause us to lose customers and incur additional expenses. 

To be successful, we will need to continue to provide our customers with reliable service over our networks. Some of the risks to our networks and
infrastructure include: physical damage to access lines, breaches of security, capacity limitations, power surges or outages, software defects and disruptions beyond our control, such as natural disasters and acts of terrorism. From time to time in
the ordinary course of business, we will experience short disruptions in our service due to factors such as cable damage, inclement weather and service failures of our third party service providers. We could experience more significant disruptions
in the future. We could also face disruptions due to capacity limitations if changes in our customers’ usage patterns for our high-speed Internet services result in a significant increase in capacity utilization, such as through increased usage
of video or peer-to-peer file sharing applications. Disruptions may cause interruptions in service or reduced capacity for customers, either of which could cause us to lose customers and incur expenses, and thereby adversely affect our business,
revenue and cash flows. 

Weak economic conditions may decrease demand for our services. 

We could be sensitive to economic conditions and downturns in the economy. Downturns in the economy and vendor concentration in the markets we serve could
cause our existing customers to reduce their purchases of our basic and enhanced services and make it difficult for us to obtain new customers. 

Key suppliers may experience financial difficulties that may impact Windstream’s operations. 

Windstream purchases
a significant amount of equipment from key suppliers to maintain, upgrade and enhance our network facilities and operations. Should these suppliers experience financial difficulties, it could adversely affect our business through increased prices to
source purchases through alternative vendors or unanticipated delays in the delivery of equipment and services purchased. 

Adverse
developments in our relationship with our employees could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

As of December 31, 2009, approximately 1,693 of our employees, or 23 percent of all of our employees, at various sites were covered by collective bargaining agreements. Our relationship with these unions generally has been
satisfactory, but occasional work stoppages have occurred. Any work stoppages in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations 

We are currently party to 21 collective bargaining agreements and one National Pension Agreement with several unions, which expire at various times. In
addition, the proposed Employee Free Choice Act (“EFCA”), if enacted, could increase organizational activity at locations where employees are currently not represented by a labor organization. Of our existing collective bargaining
agreements, 14 agreements (including the national pension agreement) are due to expire in 2010. Of the 14 agreements expiring in 2010, the 13 local agreements cover 776 employees and the national pension agreement covers 711 employees. Historically,
we have succeeded in negotiating new collective bargaining agreements without work stoppages; however, no assurances can be given that we will succeed in negotiating new collective bargaining agreements to replace the expiring ones without work
stoppages. Increases in organizational activity or any future work stoppages could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Windstream cannot assure you that it will continue paying dividends at the current rate. 

Windstream’s board of directors has adopted a current dividend practice for the payment of quarterly cash dividends at a rate of $0.25 per share of the Company’s common stock. This practice can be changed at any time at the
discretion of

20 

Table of Contents

Windstream Corporation 

Form 10-K, Part I 

Item 1A.  
Risk Factors 

the board of directors, and Windstream’s common stockholders should be aware that they have no contractual or other legal right to dividends. In addition, the other risk factors described in
this section could materially reduce the cash available from operations or significantly increase our capital expenditure requirements, and these outcomes could cause capital to not be available when needed in an amount sufficient to support our
current dividend practice. The amount of dividends that Windstream may distribute is also limited by restricted payment and leverage covenants in Windstream’s credit facilities and indentures, and, potentially, the terms of any future
indebtedness that Windstream may incur. The amount of dividends that Windstream may distribute is also subject to restrictions under Delaware law. If Windstream’s board of directors were to adopt a change in its current dividend practice that
resulted in a reduction in the amount of dividends, such change could have a material and adverse effect on the market price of Windstream’s common stock. 

In addition, the American Jobs and Growth Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2003 designated qualifying dividend payments on capital stock as long term capital gains, which capped the federal tax rate on
these payments at 15 percent. The provisions of this act are set to expire January 1, 2011, and if not renewed, dividends will become taxable as ordinary income to the shareholder at their current federal tax rate. This could adversely effect
the market price of Windstream’s common stock by decreasing the after tax yield of holding the stock. 

Windstream’s data
center migration could result in a material disruption to our operations. 

Windstream currently outsources the data center for its
information technology (“IT”) systems and internet service provider systems to a third party under a contract ending June 30, 2010. During 2009, our third party service provider provided notice that this contract will not be renewed,
and Windstream will be required to relocate each of these data centers to a new location and service provider. The data center services to be migrated include managed mainframe services, output processing, IT support services, and data storage,
which support most of Windstream’s IT systems including billing, financial reporting, customer service, and assignment and provisioning. While this data center migration is a complex process, Windstream believes that it has sufficient time and
resources to complete a successful migration. However, our inability to complete this migration successfully could result in a material disruption in our ability to service customers, process bills and perform other support services and could
thereby adversely affect our business, revenue and cash flows.