Risks Relating to Windstream’s Business 

We face intense competition in our businesses from many sources that could reduce our market share or adversely affect our financial performance. 

Substantial and increasing competition exists in the wireline communications industry. Our operations have experienced, and will continue to experience,
competition in their local service areas. Sources of competition to our local service business include, but are not limited to, wireless communications providers, cable television companies, resellers of local exchange services, interexchange
carriers, incumbent local exchange carriers in markets where we provide competitive local exchange services, satellite transmission service providers, electric utilities, competitive access service providers, including, without limitation, those
utilizing an Unbundled Network Elements-Platform or UNE-P, VoIP providers, and providers using other emerging technologies. 

Many of
Windstream’s current and potential competitors (a) have substantially larger operational and financial resources, (b) own larger and more diverse networks, (c) are subject to less regulation and (d) have superior brand
recognition. 

Competition could adversely affect us in several ways, including (1) the loss of customers and resulting revenue and market
share, (2) the possibility of customers reducing their usage of our services or shifting to less profitable services, (3) our need to lower prices or increase marketing expenses to remain competitive and (4) our inability to diversify
by successfully offering new products or services. 

We may not be able to compete successfully with cable operators that are subject to
less stringent industry regulations. 

We face competition from cable television companies providing voice service offerings. Voice
offerings of cable operators are offered mainly under Competitive Local Exchange Carrier certificates obtained in states where they offer services and therefore are subject to fewer service quality or service reporting requirements than our ILEC
operations. In addition, the rates or prices of the voice service offerings of cable companies are not subject to regulation. In contrast, our voice service rates or prices, in our capacity as an ILEC, are subject to regulation by various state
public service commissions. Unlike cable operators, our ILEC operations are also subject to “carrier of last resort” obligations, which generally obligates us to provide basic voice services to any person regardless of the profitability of
such customer. As a result of these disadvantages, we may not be able to compete successfully with cable companies in the offering of voice services. 

Funding from the federal broadband stimulus program could result in increased competition, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial performance. 

The federal broadband stimulus program is providing approximately $7.2 billion in financial incentives to companies for the purpose of expanding
broadband service in unserved or underserved markets. Financial incentives paid to new or existing competitors could incent them to enter markets where Windstream is already providing broadband service. This could result in increased competition and
the loss of customers, negatively impacting our operating results and financial performance. 

Competition from wireless carriers is
likely to continue to cause access line losses, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial performance. 

Wireless competition has contributed to a reduction in our access lines, and generally has caused pricing pressure in the industry. As wireless carriers
continue to expand and improve their network coverage while lowering their prices, some customers choose to stop using traditional wireline phone service and instead rely solely on wireless service. We anticipate that this trend toward solely using
wireless services will continue, particularly if wireless prices continue to decline and the quality of wireless services improves. In the future, it is expected that the number of access lines served by us will continue to be adversely affected by
wireless substitution and that industry-wide pricing pressure will continue. We may not be able to compete successfully with these wireless carriers. 

13 

Table of Contents

Windstream Corporation 

Form 10-K, Part I 

Item 1A.  
 

We could be harmed by rapid changes in technology. 

The communications industry is experiencing significant technological changes, particularly in the areas of VoIP, data transmission and wireless
communications. Rapid technological developments in wireless, personal communications services, digital microwave, satellite, high-speed Internet radio services, local multipoint distribution services, WiFi and other technologies could result in the
development of products or services that compete with or displace those offered by traditional local exchange carriers (“LECs”). For example, there is a risk that cable operators may be able to deploy broadband service at higher speeds
using data-over-cable-service-interface specification, or DOCSIS, more rapidly than Windstream. In addition, wireless companies are developing networks using long-term evolution (or LTE) and Worldwide Interoperability for Microwave Access (or
WIMAX), that purport to support greater data transmission speeds over wireless networks. 

These new and evolving technologies could result in
greater competition and product substitution for Windstream’s high-speed Internet services. Furthermore, the proliferation of replacement technologies impacting our wireline business could require us to make significant additional capital
investment in order to compete with other service providers that may enjoy network advantages that will enable them to provide services more efficiently or at a lower cost. Alternatively, we may not be able to obtain timely access to new technology
on satisfactory terms or incorporate new technology into our systems in a cost effective manner, or at all. If we cannot develop new services and products to keep pace with technological advances, or if such services and products are not widely
embraced by our customers, our results of operations could be adversely impacted. 

We provide services to our customers over access
lines, and if we continue to lose access lines as we have historically, our revenues, earnings and cash flows from operations could be adversely affected. 

Our business generates revenue by delivering voice and data services over access lines. We have experienced net access line loss over the past few years. During 2010, excluding the impact of the NuVox,
Iowa Telecom and Q-Comm acquisitions, the number of access lines we served declined by approximately 3.8 percent due to a number of factors, including increased competition and wireless and high-speed Internet substitution. We expect to continue to
experience net access line loss in our markets. Our inability to retain access lines could adversely affect our revenues, earnings and cash flow from operations. 

We are subject to various forms of regulation from the Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”) and state regulatory commissions in the states in which we operate, which limits our
pricing flexibility for regulated voice and high-speed Internet products, subjects us to service quality, service reporting and other obligations, and exposes us to the reduction of revenue from changes to the universal service fund or the
inter-carrier compensation system. 

As a provider of wireline communication services, as of December 31, 2010, we had operating
authority from each of the 29 states in which we conducted local service operations, and we are subject to various forms of regulation from the regulatory commissions in each of these 29 states as well as from the FCC. State regulatory commissions
have jurisdiction over local and intrastate services including, to some extent, the rates that we charge customers and other telecommunications companies, and service quality standards. The FCC has primary jurisdiction over interstate services
including the rates that we charge other telecommunications companies that use our network and other issues related to interstate service. These regulations restrict our ability to adjust rates to reflect market conditions and affect our ability to
compete and respond to changing industry conditions. 

Future revenues, costs, and capital investment in our wireline business could be
adversely affected by material changes to these regulations, including, but not limited to, changes in rules governing inter-carrier compensation, state and federal USF support, UNE and UNE-P pricing and requirements, and VoIP regulation. Federal
and state communications laws may be amended in the future, and other laws may affect our business. In addition, certain laws and regulations applicable to us and our competitors may be, and have been, challenged in the courts and could be changed
at any time. We cannot predict future developments or changes to the regulatory environment or the impact such developments or changes would have. 

In addition, these regulations could create significant compliance costs for us. Delays in obtaining certifications and regulatory approvals could cause us to incur substantial legal and administrative
expenses, and conditions imposed in 

14 

Table of Contents

Windstream Corporation 

Form 10-K, Part I 

Item 1A.  
Risk Factors 

connection with such approvals could adversely affect the rates that we are able to charge our customers. Our business also may be affected by legislation and regulation imposing new or greater
obligations related to assisting law enforcement, bolstering homeland security, minimizing environmental impacts, or addressing other issues that impact our business. For example, existing provisions of the Communications Assistance for Law
Enforcement Act require communications carriers to ensure that their equipment, facilities, and services are able to facilitate authorized electronic surveillance. Our compliance costs could increase if future legislation, regulations or orders
continue to increase our obligations. 

Changes to regulations could materially reduce the Company’s revenues from inter-carrier
compensation. 

The Company’s local exchange subsidiaries currently receive compensation from other telecommunications providers,
including long distance companies, for origination and termination of interexchange traffic through network access charges that are established in accordance with state and federal laws. In 2010 the Company recognized $285.9 million in inter-carrier
compensation, an increase of $11.6 million, or 4.2 percent, from 2009 levels. This increase in inter-carrier compensation revenue is driven by $48.7 million from D&E, Lexcom, NuVox, Iowa Telecom, Hosted Solutions and Q-Comm, and was partially
offset by decreases in minutes of use associated with access line losses resulting from wireless and cable voice competition, efforts by carriers to mask traffic to avail their traffic of lower inter-carrier compensation rates and carriers alleging
that their traffic is not subject to existing inter-carrier compensation rules as a result of the technology being used to deliver the traffic. Absent any changes to existing inter-carrier compensation regulations, the Company expects inter-carrier
revenues to continue to be unfavorably impacted by these trends in 2011. 

In addition, the FCC is currently conducting a rulemaking proceeding
to consider changes to the rules governing inter-carrier compensation and universal service. Windstream strongly supports regulatory reform. At this time, Windstream cannot predict the ultimate outcome of these proceedings or the impact on its
revenues and expenses. 

In 2010, we received approximately 7 percent of our revenues from state and federal Universal Service Funds, and
any adverse regulatory developments with respect to these funds could adversely affect our profitability. 

We receive state and
federal USF revenues to support the high cost of providing affordable telecommunications services in rural markets. Such support payments constituted approximately 7 percent of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2010. A portion of
such fees are based on relative cost and access line counts, and we expect receipt of such fees to decline as we continue to reduce costs and lose access lines. Pending regulatory proceedings could, depending on the outcome, materially reduce our
USF revenues. 

We are required to make contributions to state and federal USF programs each year. Current state and federal regulations allow
us to recover these contributions by including a surcharge on our customers’ bills. If state and/or federal regulations change, and we become ineligible to receive support, such support is reduced, or we become unable to recover the amounts we
contribute to the state and federal USF programs from our customers, our earnings and cash flows from operations would be directly and adversely affected. 

Windstream’s substantial debt could adversely affect our cash flow and impair our ability to raise additional capital on favorable terms. 

As of December 31, 2010, we had approximately $7.3 billion in long-term debt outstanding, including current maturities. We may also obtain
additional long-term debt to meet future financing needs or to fund potential acquisitions, subject to certain restrictions under our existing indebtedness, which would increase our total debt. Our substantial amount of debt could have negative
consequences to our business. For example, it could: 

•

 Increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

•

 Require us to dedicate a substantial portion of cash flows from operations to interest and principal payments on outstanding debt, thereby limiting the
availability of cash flow to fund future capital expenditures, working capital and other general corporate requirements; 

•

 Limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the telecommunications industry; 

•

 Place us at a competitive disadvantage compared with competitors that have less debt; and 

•

 Limit our ability to borrow additional funds, even when necessary to maintain adequate liquidity. 

15 

Table of Contents

Windstream Corporation 

Form 10-K, Part I 

Item 1A.  
Risk Factors 

In addition, our ability to borrow funds in the future will depend in part on the satisfaction of the
covenants in our credit facilities and its other debt agreements. If we are unable to satisfy the financial covenants contained in those agreements, or are unable to generate cash sufficient to make required debt payments, the lenders and other
parties to those arrangements could accelerate the maturity of some or all of our outstanding indebtedness. 

We may not generate sufficient
cash flows from operations, or have future borrowings available under our credit facilities or from other sources sufficient to enable us to make our debt payments or to fund dividends and other liquidity needs. We may not be able to refinance any
of our debt, including our credit facilities, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to make payments or refinance our debt, or obtain new financing under these circumstances, we would have to consider other options, such as
selling assets, issuing additional equity or debt, or negotiating with our lenders to restructure the applicable debt. Our credit agreement and the indentures governing our senior notes may restrict, or market or business conditions may limit, our
ability to do some of these things on favorable terms or at all. 

As of February 16, 2011, Moody’s Investors Service
(“Moody’s”), Standard & Poor’s Corporation (“S&P”) and Fitch Ratings (“Fitch”) had granted Windstream the following senior secured, senior unsecured and corporate credit ratings: 

 Description

Moody’s

S&P

Fitch

 Senior secured credit rating

Baa3

BB+

BBB-

 Senior unsecured credit rating

Ba3

B+

BB+

 Corporate credit rating

Ba2

BB-

BB+

 Outlook

Stable

Stable

Stable

Factors that could affect Windstream’s short and long-term credit ratings include, but are not limited to, a material decline in the Company’s operating results, increased debt levels relative
to operating cash flows resulting from future acquisitions, increased capital expenditure requirements, or changes to our dividend policy. If Windstream’s credit ratings were to be downgraded from current levels, the Company might incur higher
interest costs on future borrowings, and the Company’s access to the public capital markets could be adversely affected. 

Windstream may be unable to fully realize expected synergies and growth opportunities in connection with various recent transactions.

In addition to the D&E and Lexcom transactions completed in 2009, the Company has acquired NuVox, Iowa Telecom, Q-Comm and Hosted
Solutions during the year ended December 31, 2010. For more information on these transactions, see “Item 1 – Material Acquisitions Completed During The Last Five Years”. 

Windstream expects to achieve substantial synergies, cost savings and growth opportunities as a result of such acquisitions. However, Windstream’s ability to realize the anticipated synergies, cost
savings and growth opportunities will depend upon the successful integration of the respective businesses with Windstream. Even if Windstream successfully integrates these businesses, there can be no assurance that these integrations will result in
the realization of the full benefit of the anticipated synergies, cost savings or growth opportunities or that these benefits will be realized within the expected time frames. Despite Windstream’s efforts to retain quality employees, Windstream
might lose some employees in connection with these acquisitions. Windstream cannot assure you that the combined companies will be able to attract, retain and integrate employees following these acquisitions. It is possible that the integration
process of the respective acquisitions could result in the diversion of Windstream’s management’s attention, the disruption or interruption of, or the loss of momentum in, Windstream’s ongoing business or inconsistencies in standards,
controls, procedures and policies, any of which could adversely affect Windstream’s ability to maintain relationships with its customers and employees or Windstream’s ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions, or
could reduce the earnings or otherwise adversely affect Windstream’s business and financial results. The market price of Windstream common stock may decline as a result of these acquisitions if the integration of these businesses is
unsuccessful or takes longer than expected, the perceived benefits of these acquisitions are not achieved as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by financial analysts or investors, or the effect of these acquisitions on Windstream’s financial
results is not consistent with the expectations of investors. 

16 

Table of Contents

Windstream Corporation 

Form 10-K, Part I 

Item 1A.  
Risk Factors 

Windstream is dependent upon other ILECs for facilities and service in operating territories in
which it is not the incumbent. 

Since the acquisitions of NuVox and the CLEC operations of Q-Comm, Windstream has acquired significant
operating presences in territories where it depends upon the ILEC to install and maintain the facilities used to serve its customers (“CLEC territories”). These facilities include certain digital transmission lines, unbundled network
elements (“UNEs”) and other network components. The prices for these network components are negotiated with the ILEC or purchased pursuant to the ILEC’s special access tariff terms and conditions. The terms, conditions and prices
included in these tariffs may be changed but must be approved by the appropriate regulatory agency before they go into effect. In addition, interconnection agreements with the ILEC must be negotiated whenever Windstream enters a new CLEC market or
an existing agreement expires. If interconnection agreements with the ILECs cannot be negotiated on favorable terms, or at all, Windstream may invoke binding arbitration by state regulatory agencies. The arbitration process is expensive and time
consuming, and the results of arbitration may be unfavorable to Windstream. The inability to obtain interconnection on favorable terms would be detrimental to operations in the CLEC territories. 

Access to the ILEC-provisioned facilities and services is essential for providing communication services in the CLEC territories. Because of this
dependence, communications services in these territories are susceptible to changes in the availability and pricing of ILEC facilities and services. If the ILECs become legally entitled to deny or limit access to network elements such as UNEs, or if
state commissions allow ILECs to increase their rates for these elements or services, Windstream may not be able to effectively compete in these CLEC territories. In addition, if the ILECs do not adequately maintain or timely install these
facilities, which they are legally obligated to do, Windstream’s service to customers may be adversely affected. As a result, Windstream’s business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially impacted as Windstream
may have difficulty retaining existing customers and attracting new ones. 

Our operations require substantial capital expenditures.

We require substantial capital to maintain, upgrade and enhance our network facilities and operations. During 2010, we incurred
$415.2 million in capital expenditures. In addition, our current dividend practice utilizes a significant portion of our cash generated from operations and therefore limits our operating and financial flexibility and our ability to significantly
increase capital expenditures. While we have historically been able to fund capital expenditures from cash generated from operations, the other risk factors described in this section could materially reduce cash available from operations or
significantly increase our capital expenditure requirements, and these outcomes could cause capital to not be available when needed. This could adversely affect our business. 

In addition, we filed numerous applications with the Rural Utilities Services (“RUS”) as part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 and were notified during the third quarter of
2010 that 18 applications in thirteen states totaling $181.3 million were approved. The Company must fund 25 percent of the project cost, or $60.4 million, for a total cost of $241.7 million. These projects must be substantially completed over the
next two years. 

Unfavorable changes in financial markets could adversely affect our pension plan investments resulting in material
funding requirements to meet pension obligations. 

The Company’s pension plan invests in marketable equity securities, including
marketable debt and equity securities denominated in foreign currencies, which are exposed to changes in the financial markets. During 2010, the fair market value of these investments increased 11.0 percent to $870.2 million primarily due to
increases in the market value of assets held of $95.9 million, transfers from Iowa’s qualified pension plan of $12.0 million and contributions of $41.7 million, including a voluntary contribution of $41.0 million during the third quarter.
Partially offsetting these increases were routine and lump sum benefit payments of $57.8 million and $5.6 million, respectively. Returns generated on plan assets have historically funded a large portion of the benefits paid under the Company’s
pension plan. The Company estimates that the long term rate of return on plan assets will be 8.0 percent, but returns below this estimate could significantly increase our contribution requirements, which could adversely affect our cash flows from
operations. 

17 

Table of Contents

Windstream Corporation 

Form 10-K, Part I 

Item 1A.  
Risk Factors 

Windstream’s relationships with other communications companies are material to its operations
and their financial difficulties may adversely affect Windstream. 

Windstream originates and terminates calls for long distance
carriers and other interexchange carriers over Windstream’s network in exchange for access charges that represent a significant portion of Windstream’s revenues. Should these carriers go bankrupt or experience substantial financial
difficulties, Windstream’s inability to timely collect access charges from them could have a negative effect on Windstream’s business and results of operation. 

Disruption in our networks and infrastructure may cause us to lose customers and incur additional expenses. 

To be successful, we will need to continue to provide our customers with reliable service over our networks. Some of the risks to our networks and infrastructure include: physical damage to access lines,
breaches of security, capacity limitations, power surges or outages, software defects and disruptions beyond our control, such as natural disasters and acts of terrorism. From time to time in the ordinary course of business, we will experience short
disruptions in our service due to factors such as cable damage, inclement weather and service failures of our third party service providers. We could experience more significant disruptions in the future. We could also face disruptions due to
capacity limitations if changes in our customers’ usage patterns for our high-speed Internet services result in a significant increase in capacity utilization, such as through increased usage of video or peer-to-peer file sharing applications.
Disruptions may cause interruptions in service or reduced capacity for customers, either of which could cause us to lose customers and incur expenses, and thereby adversely affect our business, revenue and cash flows. 

Weak economic conditions may decrease demand for our services. 

We could be sensitive to economic conditions and downturns in the economy. Downturns in the economy and vendor concentration in the markets we serve could cause our existing customers to reduce their
purchases of our basic and enhanced services and make it difficult for us to obtain new customers. 

Key suppliers may experience
financial difficulties that may impact Windstream’s operations. 

Windstream purchases a significant amount of equipment from key
suppliers to maintain, upgrade and enhance our network facilities and operations. Should these suppliers experience financial difficulties, it could adversely affect our business through increased prices to source purchases through alternative
vendors or unanticipated delays in the delivery of equipment and services purchased. 

Adverse developments in our relationship with our
employees could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

As of December 31, 2010, 1,791 of
our employees at various sites, or 17.8 percent of all of our employees, were covered by collective bargaining agreements. Our relationship with these unions generally has been satisfactory, but occasional work stoppages have occurred. 

We are currently party to 23 collective bargaining agreements and one National Pension Agreement with several unions, which expire at various times. In
addition, the proposed Employee Free Choice Act (“EFCA”), if enacted, could increase organizational activity at locations where employees are currently not represented by a labor organization. Of our existing collective bargaining
agreements, five agreements are due to expire in 2011 that cover 584 employees. In addition, the national pension agreement covers 711 employees. This agreement expired in 2010 but has been extended indefinitely, subject to the right of the Company
or the unions to terminate the agreement with 30 days notice. Historically, we have succeeded in negotiating new collective bargaining agreements without work stoppages; however, no assurances can be given that we will succeed in negotiating new
collective bargaining agreements to replace the expiring ones without work stoppages. Increases in organizational activity or any future work stoppages could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of
operations. 

Windstream cannot assure you that it will continue paying dividends at the current rate. 

Windstream’s board of directors has adopted a current dividend practice for the payment of quarterly cash dividends at a rate of $0.25 per share of
the Company’s common stock. This practice can be changed at any time at the discretion of 

18 

Table of Contents

Windstream Corporation 

Form 10-K, Part I 

Item 1A.  
Risk Factors 

the board of directors, and Windstream’s common stockholders should be aware that they have no contractual or other legal right to dividends. In addition, the other risk factors described in
this section could materially reduce the cash available from operations or significantly increase our capital expenditure requirements, and these outcomes could cause capital to not be available when needed in an amount sufficient to support our
current dividend practice. The amount of dividends that Windstream may distribute is also limited by restricted payment and leverage covenants in Windstream’s credit facilities and indentures, and, potentially, the terms of any future
indebtedness that Windstream may incur. The amount of dividends that Windstream may distribute is also subject to restrictions under Delaware law. If Windstream’s board of directors were to adopt a change in its current dividend practice that
resulted in a reduction in the amount of dividends, such change could have a material and adverse effect on the market price of Windstream’s common stock. 

In addition, the Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010 extended the American Jobs and Growth Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2003 (the “Act”) for two
years. The Act designated qualifying dividend payments on capital stock as long term capital gains, which capped the federal tax rate on these payments at 15 percent. The provisions of this act are set to expire at the end of 2012, and if not
renewed, dividends will become taxable as ordinary income to the shareholder at their current federal tax rate. This could adversely effect the market price of Windstream’s common stock by decreasing the after tax yield of holding the stock.