The
risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. These risks are not the only risks that we face. Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors
that apply to all companies operating in the United States and globally, as well as other risks that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations. 

General economic factors, both domestically and internationally, may adversely affect our financial performance. 

General economic conditions, globally or in one or more of the markets we serve, may adversely affect our financial performance. In the
United States, higher interest rates, higher fuel and other energy costs, weakness in the housing market, inflation, deflation, higher levels of unemployment, decreases in consumer disposable income, unavailability of consumer credit, higher
consumer debt levels, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws, other regulatory changes, overall economic slowdown and other economic factors could adversely affect consumer demand for the products and
services we sell through our Walmart U.S. segment and Sam’s Club segment, change the mix of products we sell to one with a lower average gross margin, cause a slowdown in discretionary purchases of goods and result in slower inventory turnover
and greater markdowns on inventory. Higher levels of unemployment, inflation, deflation, decreases in consumer disposable income, changes in tax and other laws, higher fuel and other energy costs, weakness in the local housing market, fluctuations
in currency exchange rates, currency devaluations and other adverse developments in the economies of the other countries in which we operate may adversely affect consumer demand for our merchandise in those countries, especially those countries in
which average incomes are significantly lower than in the United States. These conditions may adversely affect our gross margins, cost of sales, inventory turnover and markdowns or otherwise adversely affect our operations and operating results in
our International segment. 

Higher interest rates, higher fuel and other energy costs, transportation costs, inflation, higher
costs of labor, insurance and healthcare, foreign exchange rates fluctuations, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws, the imposition of measures that create barriers to or increase the costs associated with international trade, changes in
other laws and regulations and other economic factors in the United States and other countries in which we have operations can increase our cost of sales and operating, selling, general and administrative expenses, and otherwise adversely affect our
domestic and international operations and our operating results. The economic factors that affect our operations, also affect the operations and economic viability of our suppliers from whom we purchase goods, a factor that can result in an increase
in the cost to us of the goods we sell to our customers or, in more extreme cases, could result in certain suppliers not producing goods in the volume typically available to us for sale. 

11 

We may face impediments to our expansion in the United States, including conversions of
discount stores into supercenters, which may adversely affect our financial performance. 

Our expansion strategy depends
upon our ability to execute our retail concepts successfully in new markets within the United States and upon our ability to increase the number of stores in markets in which we currently have operations. Our ability to open additional supercenters,
discount stores, Neighborhood Markets and Sam’s Clubs and to convert existing discount stores into supercenters depends in large measure upon our ability to locate, hire and retain qualified personnel and to acquire new store sites on
acceptable terms. Local land use and other regulations restricting the construction of buildings of the type in which we operate our various formats, as well as local community action opposed to the location of specific stores at specific sites and
the adoption of certain local laws restricting our operations, may affect our ability to open new stores and clubs, to convert discount stores into supercenters or to relocate or expand existing units in certain cities and states. Increased real
estate, construction and development costs could limit our growth opportunities and our ability to convert our discount stores into supercenters. If we are unable to open new supercenters, discount stores, Neighborhood Markets or Sam’s Clubs or
continue to convert discount stores into supercenters, our financial performance, such as net sales and operating income growth, could be adversely affected. In addition, if consumers in the markets into which we expand are not receptive to our
retail concepts or are otherwise not receptive to our presence in a market, our financial performance could be adversely affected. 

Impediments to the expansion of our International operations could adversely affect our financial performance. 

Our business strategy for our International segment includes expansion by selective acquisitions and strategic alliances that add new stores and markets to our existing International business, as well as opening new units in the countries
in which we have existing operations. In the countries in which we have existing operations, new units may be opened in the formats already existing in those countries or may be opened in newly introduced formats, such as supercenters or Sam’s
Clubs, not previously operated in those markets. As in the United States, our ability to open new stores or to expand or relocate existing stores in a market served by our International segment depends in large measure upon our ability to locate,
hire and retain qualified personnel and our ability to acquire new store sites on acceptable terms. Local laws can affect our ability to acquire attractive pre-existing buildings in which to locate units or sites on which to build new units or to
expand existing units. In addition, access to local suppliers of certain types of goods may limit our ability to add new units or to expand product selections in existing units in certain markets. Moreover, cultural differences in some markets into
which we expand or into which we introduce new retail concepts may result in the consumers in those markets not being as receptive to our retail concepts as we anticipate those consumers will be and may make an effective response to such issues more
difficult to achieve. If we do not effectively execute our expansion plans for our International segment, our financial performance could be adversely affected. 

We may be unable to continue to identify suitable acquisition candidates at acceptable prices and may not be successful in completing the acquisition of any such candidate identified. Although we
ultimately believe we will be able to successfully integrate any newly acquired operations into our existing operations, no certainty exists that future acquisitions or alliances will be successfully integrated into our operations or can be
successfully integrated in a reasonable time. Our failure to identify appropriate candidates for acquisition or alliance or to integrate effectively future acquisitions and alliances into our existing operations could adversely affect the growth of
our International segment and our future financial performance. 

Failure to attract and retain qualified associates,
changes in laws and other labor issues could adversely affect our financial performance. 

Our ability to continue to
expand our operations in the United States and abroad depends on our ability to attract and retain a large and growing number of qualified associates. Our ability to meet our labor needs, including our ability to find qualified personnel to fill
positions that become vacant at our existing stores, clubs and distribution centers, while controlling our associate wage and related labor costs, is generally subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of a sufficient number
of qualified persons in the work force of the markets in which we are located, unemployment levels within those markets, prevailing wage rates, changing demographics, health and other insurance costs and adoption of new or revised employment and
labor laws and regulations. If we are unable to locate, to attract or to retain qualified personnel, if our costs of labor or related costs increase significantly or if new or revised labor laws, rules or regulations are adopted, our financial
performance could be affected adversely. 

We face strong competition from other retailers and wholesale club operators,
which could adversely affect our financial performance. 

The retail business is highly competitive. Each of our business
segments competes for customers, employees, store sites, products and services and in other important aspects of its business with many other local, regional and national retailers, both in the United States and in the foreign countries in which we
have operations. Our Walmart U.S. segment competes with

12 

retailers operating discount, department, drug, variety and specialty stores, supermarkets, supercenter-type stores and hypermarts, as well as internet-based retailers and catalog businesses. Our
Sam’s Club segment competes with other wholesale club operators, as well as discount retailers, retail and wholesale grocers and general merchandise wholesalers and distributors, as well as internet-based retailers, wholesalers and catalog
businesses. Internationally, we compete with retailers who operate department, drug, variety and specialty stores, supermarkets, supercenter-type stores, hypermarts, wholesale clubs, internet-based retailers and catalog businesses. Such retailers
and wholesale club operators compete in a variety of ways, including merchandise selection and availability, services offered to customers, location, store hours, in-store amenities and price. Our ability to offer value and service to our customers
through various programs, including EDLP, Rollbacks and Store of the Community, have allowed us to compete successfully against our competitors in most instances. Where necessary to compete effectively with competitors who price merchandise at
points lower than the prices we set under our EDLP philosophy, we will lower our prices on goods for sale. Our ability to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the retail markets could adversely affect our financial
performance. See “Item 1. Business” above for additional discussion of our competitive situation in our various operating segments. 

Although the retail industry as a whole is highly fragmented, certain segments of the retail industry are currently undergoing some consolidation, which could result in increased competition and
significantly alter the dynamics of the retail marketplace. Such consolidation may result in competitors with greatly improved financial resources, improved access to merchandise, greater market penetration than they previously enjoyed and other
improvements in their competitive positions. Such business combinations could result in the provision of a wider variety of products and services at competitive prices by such consolidated companies, which could adversely affect our financial
performance. 

Risks associated with the suppliers from whom our products are sourced and the safety of those products could
adversely affect our financial performance. 

The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and
international suppliers. Global sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important factor in our financial performance. All of our suppliers must comply with applicable laws, including labor and environmental laws, and otherwise be certified
as meeting our required supplier standards of conduct. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who meet our standards, and to access products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to suppliers located
and goods sourced outside the United States. Political and economic instability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial instability of suppliers, suppliers’ failure to meet our supplier standards, labor problems
experienced by our suppliers, the availability of raw materials to suppliers, merchandise quality issues, currency exchange rates, transport availability and cost, transport security, inflation, and other factors relating to the suppliers and the
countries in which they are located are beyond our control. In addition, the United States’ foreign trade policies, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, the limitation on the importation
of certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. These and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely
affect our financial performance. 

Our customers count on us to provide them with safe products. Concerns regarding the safety
of food and non-food products that we source from our suppliers and then sell could cause shoppers to avoid purchasing certain products from us, or to seek alternative sources of supply for all of their food and non-food needs, even if the basis for
the concern is outside of our control. Any lost confidence on the part of our customers would be difficult and costly to reestablish. As such, any issue regarding the safety of any food and non-food items we sell, regardless of the cause, could
adversely affect our financial performance. 

Our International operations subject us to risks associated with the
legislative, judicial, accounting, regulatory, political and economic risks and conditions specific to the countries or regions in which we operate, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 

We currently conduct operations in Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Japan, Mexico, Nicaragua,
Puerto Rico, and the United Kingdom, as well as through joint venture agreements in China and India and our other controlled subsidiaries in China. During fiscal 2010, our International operations generated 24.7% of our net sales. As a result of our
expansion activities in foreign countries, we expect that our International operations could account for a larger portion of our net sales in future years. Our future operating results in these countries or in other countries or regions throughout
the world could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, most of which are beyond our control. These factors include political conditions, including political instability, economic conditions, legal and regulatory constraints, trade policies,
both of the United States and of the other countries in which we operate, currency regulations, and other matters in any of the countries or regions in which we operate, now or in the future. Foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations may have
an impact on our future costs or on future cash flows from our International operations, and could adversely affect our financial performance. 

13 

Moreover, the economies of some of the countries in which we have operations have in the
past suffered from high rates of inflation and currency devaluations, which, if they occurred again, could adversely affect our financial performance. Other factors which may impact our International operations include foreign trade, monetary and
fiscal policies both of the United States and of other countries, laws, regulations and other activities of foreign governments, agencies and similar organizations, and risks associated with having numerous facilities located in countries which have
historically been less stable than the United States. Additional risks inherent in our International operations generally include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, adverse tax consequences and greater
difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights in countries other than the United States. The various risks inherent in doing business in the United States generally also exist when doing business outside of the United States, and may be
exaggerated by the difficulty of doing business in numerous sovereign jurisdictions due to differences in culture, laws and regulations. 

Natural disasters and geo-political events could adversely affect our financial performance. 

The occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as hurricanes, floods and earthquakes, other weather conditions, whether as a result of climate change or otherwise, such as major winter storms,
droughts and tornados, and geo-political events, such as civil unrest in a country in which we operate or in which our suppliers are located or terrorist attacks, both internationally and domestically, could adversely affect our operations and
financial performance. Such events could result in physical damage to one or more of our properties, the closure of one or more stores, clubs and distribution centers, the lack of an adequate work force in a market, the temporary or long-term
disruption in the supply of products from some local and overseas suppliers, the disruption in the transport of goods from overseas, the disruption or delay in the delivery of goods to our distribution centers or stores within a country in which we
are operating, the reduction in the availability of products in our stores, the disruption of utility services to our stores and our facilities, and disruption in our communications with our stores. These factors could otherwise disrupt and
adversely affect our operations and financial performance. 

The significant property damage experienced by the company and
others resulting from the hurricanes in fiscal year 2006 resulted in substantial increases in property insurance premiums and limitations in coverage offered by the property insurance markets to us and others. The insurance coverage offered to the
company for named windstorms, such as hurricanes and tropical storms, was substantially more limited and carried higher premiums than the coverage previously available to us. As a result, the company has chosen to be primarily self-insured for
losses that may result from named windstorms. 

We are subject to certain legal proceedings that may adversely affect our
results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings, which include
consumer, employment, tort and other litigation. Certain of these lawsuits, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, may result in liability material to our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. We are currently a defendant
in numerous cases containing class-action allegations in which the plaintiffs have brought claims under federal and state wage and hour laws. In addition, we are a defendant in Dukes v. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., a class-action lawsuit brought on
behalf of all past and present female employees in all of our retail stores and wholesale clubs in the United States. The class as certified in 
Dukes currently includes present and former female associates. The plaintiffs in this case allege
that we have engaged in a pattern and practice of discriminating against women in promotions, pay, training and job assignments and seek, among other things, injunctive relief, front pay, back pay, punitive damages and attorneys’ fees. On
June 4, 2004, the U.S. district court hearing this case issued an order granting in part and denying in part the plaintiffs’ motion for class certification, which we have appealed. On February 6, 2007, a divided three-judge panel of
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit upheld the district court’s ruling. On February 20, 2007, the company filed a petition asking that the decision be reconsidered by a larger panel of the Court of Appeals. On
November 11, 2007, the three-judge panel withdrew its opinion of February 6, 2007, and issued a revised opinion. As a result, the company’s Petition for Rehearing En Banc was denied as moot. The company filed a new Petition for
Rehearing En Banc on January 8, 2008. On February 13, 2009, the court of appeals issued an Order granting the Petition. The court of appeals heard oral argument on the Petition on March 24, 2009. We discuss these cases and other
litigation to which we are party in greater detail below under the caption “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” and in Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, which are part of our Annual Report to Shareholders which are incorporated by
reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are included as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

If we do
not maintain the security of customer-related information, we could damage our reputation with customers, incur substantial additional costs and become subject to litigation. 

As do most retailers, we receive certain personal information about our customers. In addition, our online operations at
www.walmart.com and 
www.samsclub.com depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments. A compromise of our security systems that results in
customer personal information being obtained by unauthorized persons could adversely affect our reputation with our customers and others, as well as our operations, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and could result in

14 

litigation against us or the imposition of penalties. In addition, a security breach could require that we expend significant additional resources related to our information security systems and
could result in a disruption of our operations, particularly our online sales operations. 

We rely extensively on computer
systems to process transactions, summarize results and manage our business. Disruptions in both our primary and secondary (back-up) systems could harm our ability to run our business. Implementation of a new financial system in fiscal year 2011, if
not properly completed, could make financial information unavailable on a timely basis and delay our financial reporting. 

Although we have independent, redundant and physically separate primary and secondary computer systems, given the number of individual transactions we have each year, it is critical that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our business
critical computer systems. Our computer systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, catastrophic events such as
fires, tornadoes and hurricanes, and usage errors by our employees. If our computer systems and our back-up systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to fix or replace them, and we may suffer
interruptions in our operations in the interim. Any material interruption in both of our computer systems and back-up systems may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. In addition, we are pursuing complex
initiatives to transform our information technology processes and systems, which will include, for many of our computer systems, establishing common processes across our lines of business. The risk of system disruption is increased when significant
system changes are undertaken, although we believe that our change management process will mitigate this risk. If we fail to integrate our computer systems and processes we may fail to realize the cost savings anticipated to be derived from these
initiatives. 

In the second quarter of fiscal 2011, we expect to implement a new financial system in our U.S., Canada and
Puerto Rico operations. The implementation of this new financial system relates to the largest portion of our business and will be a significant component of our internal controls over financial reporting. If the new financial system does not
function properly upon implementation, we may be unable to produce information as needed to manage our business most efficiently or to accumulate and report financial information on a timely basis. 

We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which could negatively affect our relationship with our customers,
the demand for our products and services, and our market share. 

It is difficult to predict consistently and successfully
the products and services our customers will demand. The success of our business depends in part on our ability to identify and respond to evolving trends in demographics and consumer preferences. Failure to timely identify or effectively respond to
changing consumer tastes, preferences and spending patterns could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for our products and services and our market share.