The risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. These risks are not the only risks that we face. Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that apply to all companies operating in the U.S. and globally, as well as other risks that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations.

General or macro-economic factors, both domestically and internationally, may adversely affect our financial performance.

General economic conditions, globally or in one or more of the markets we serve, may adversely affect our financial performance. In the U.S., higher interest rates, higher fuel and other energy costs, weakness in the housing market, inflation, deflation, increased costs of essential services, such as medical care and utilities, higher levels of unemployment, decreases in consumer disposable income, unavailability of consumer credit, higher consumer debt levels, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, higher tax rates, imposition of new taxes and surcharges, other changes in tax laws, other regulatory changes, overall economic slowdown and other economic factors could adversely affect consumer demand for the products and services we sell through our Walmart U.S. segment and Sam's Club segment, change the mix of products we sell to one with a lower average gross margin, cause a slowdown in discretionary purchases of goods and result in slower inventory turnover and greater markdowns on inventory. Higher levels of unemployment, inflation, deflation, decreases in consumer disposable income, changes in tax and other laws, higher fuel and other energy costs, weakness in the local housing market, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, currency devaluations and other adverse developments in the economies of the other countries in which we operate may adversely affect consumer demand for our merchandise in those countries, especially those countries in which average incomes are significantly lower than average incomes in the U.S. These conditions may adversely affect our gross margins, cost of sales, inventory turnover and markdowns or otherwise adversely affect our operations and operating results in our Walmart International segment.

Higher interest rates, higher fuel and other energy costs, transportation costs, inflation, higher costs of labor, insurance and healthcare, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws, changes in healthcare laws, the imposition of measures that create barriers to or increase the costs associated with international trade, changes in other laws and regulations and other economic factors in the U.S. and other countries in which we have operations can increase our cost of sales and operating, selling, general and administrative expenses, and otherwise adversely affect our domestic and international operations and our operating results. The economic factors that affect our operations also affect the operations and economic viability of our suppliers from whom we purchase goods, a factor that can result in an increase in the cost to us of the goods we sell to our customers or, in more extreme cases, could result in certain suppliers not producing goods in the volume typically available to us for sale.

We may face impediments to our expansion in the U.S., including conversions of discount stores into supercenters and opening other store formats, which may adversely affect our financial performance.

Our expansion strategy depends upon our ability to execute our retail concepts successfully in new markets within the U.S. and upon our ability to increase the number of stores in markets in which we currently have operations. Our ability to open additional supercenters, discount stores, Neighborhood Markets, other store formats, and Sam's Clubs and to convert existing discount stores into supercenters depends in large measure upon our ability to locate, hire and retain qualified personnel and to acquire new store sites on acceptable terms. Local land use and other regulations restricting the construction of buildings of the type in which we operate our various formats, as well as local community action opposed to the location of specific stores at specific sites and the adoption of certain local laws restricting our operations, may affect our ability to open new stores and clubs, to convert discount stores into supercenters or to relocate or expand existing units in certain cities and states. Increased real estate, construction and development costs could limit our growth opportunities and our ability to convert our discount stores into supercenters. If we are unable to open new supercenters, discount stores, Neighborhood Markets, other small formats or Sam's Clubs or continue to convert discount stores into supercenters, our financial performance, such as net sales and operating income growth, could be adversely affected. In addition, if consumers in the markets into which we expand are not receptive to our retail concepts or are otherwise not receptive to our presence in a market, our financial performance could be adversely affected.

 17

Impediments to the expansion of our Walmart International operations could adversely affect our financial performance.

Our business strategy for our Walmart International segment includes expansion by selective acquisitions and strategic alliances that add new stores and markets to our existing Walmart International business, as well as opening new units in the countries in which we have existing operations. In the countries in which we have existing operations, new units may be opened in the formats already existing in those countries or may be opened in newly introduced formats, such as supercenters or Sam's Clubs, not previously operated in those markets. As in the U.S., our ability to open new stores or to expand or relocate existing stores in a market served by our Walmart International segment depends in large measure upon our ability to locate, hire and retain qualified personnel and our ability to acquire new store sites on acceptable terms. Local laws can affect our ability to acquire attractive pre-existing buildings in which to locate units or sites on which to build new units or to expand existing units. In addition, access to local suppliers of certain types of goods may limit our ability to add new units or to expand product selections in existing units in certain markets, especially in those markets in which consumers desire to purchase locally produced goods. Moreover, cultural differences in some markets into which we expand or into which we introduce new retail concepts may result in the consumers in those markets not being as receptive to our retail concepts as we anticipate those consumers will be and may make an effective response to such issues more difficult to achieve. If we do not effectively execute our expansion plans for our Walmart International segment, our financial performance could be adversely affected.

We may be unable to continue to identify suitable acquisition candidates at acceptable prices and may not be successful in completing the acquisition of any such candidate identified. Although we ultimately believe we will be able to successfully integrate any newly acquired operations into our existing operations, no certainty exists that future acquisitions or alliances will be successfully integrated into our operations or can be successfully integrated in a reasonable time. Our failure to identify appropriate candidates for acquisition or alliance or to integrate effectively future acquisitions and alliances into our existing operations could adversely affect the growth of our Walmart International segment and our future financial performance.

Our failure to attract and retain qualified associates, changes in laws and other labor issues could adversely affect our financial performance.

Our ability to continue to expand our operations depends on our ability to attract and retain a large and growing number of qualified associates. Our ability to meet our labor needs, including our ability to find qualified personnel to fill positions that become vacant at our existing stores, clubs and distribution centers, while controlling our associate wage and related labor costs, is generally subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of a sufficient number of qualified persons in the work force of the markets in which we are located, unemployment levels within those markets, prevailing wage rates, changing demographics, health and other insurance costs and adoption of new or revised employment and labor laws and regulations. If we are unable to locate, to attract or to retain qualified personnel, if our costs of labor or related costs increase significantly or if new or revised labor laws, rules or regulations or healthcare laws are adopted or implemented, our financial performance could be adversely affected.

 18

We face strong competition from other retailers and wholesale club operators, which could adversely affect our financial performance.

The retail business is highly competitive. Each of our business segments competes for customers, employees, store sites, products and services and in other important aspects of its business with many other local, regional and national retailers. Our Walmart U.S. segment competes with retailers operating discount, department, drug, dollar, variety and specialty stores, supermarkets, supercenter-type stores and hypermarkets, as well as internet-based retailers and catalog businesses. Our Sam's Club segment competes with other wholesale club operators, as well as discount retailers, retail and wholesale grocers and general merchandise wholesalers and distributors, gasoline stations, as well as internet-based retailers, wholesalers and catalog businesses. Internationally, we compete with retailers who operate department, drug, dollar stores, variety and specialty stores, supermarkets, supercenter-type stores, hypermarkets, wholesale clubs, internet-based retailers and catalog businesses. Such retailers and wholesale club operators compete in a variety of ways, including merchandise selection and availability, services offered to customers, location, store hours, in-store amenities and price. Where necessary to compete effectively with competitors who price merchandise at points lower than the prices we set under our EDLP philosophy, we will lower our prices on goods for sale. Our ability to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the retail markets could adversely affect our financial performance. See "Item 1. Business" above for additional discussion of our competitive situation in our various operating segments.

Although the retail industry as a whole is highly fragmented, certain segments of the retail industry may undergo consolidation from time to time, which could result in increased competition and significantly alter the dynamics of the retail marketplace. Such consolidation may result in competitors with greatly improved financial resources, improved access to merchandise, greater market penetration than they previously enjoyed and other improvements in their competitive positions. Such business combinations could result in the provision of a wider variety of products and services at competitive prices by such consolidated companies, which could adversely affect our financial performance.

Risks associated with the suppliers from whom our products are sourced and the safety of those products could adversely affect our financial performance.

The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers. Global sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important factor in our financial performance. All of our suppliers must comply with applicable laws, including labor, safety and environmental laws, and otherwise be certified as meeting our required supplier standards of conduct. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who meet our standards, and to access products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to suppliers located and goods sourced outside the U.S. Political and economic instability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial instability of suppliers, suppliers' failure to meet our supplier standards, labor problems experienced by our suppliers, the availability of raw materials to suppliers, merchandise quality issues, currency exchange rates, transport availability and cost, transport security, inflation and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located are beyond our control. In addition, the U.S.'s foreign trade policies, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, the limitation on the importation of certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. These and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our financial performance.

Our customers count on us to provide them with safe products. Concerns regarding the safety of food and non-food products that we source from our suppliers and then sell could cause customers to avoid purchasing certain products from us, or to seek alternative sources of supply for all of their food and non-food needs, even if the basis for the concern is outside of our control. Any lost confidence on the part of our customers would be difficult and costly to reestablish. As such, any issue regarding the safety of any food and non-food items we sell, regardless of the cause, could adversely affect our financial performance.

 19

Our Walmart International operations subject us to risks associated with the legislative, judicial, accounting, regulatory, political and economic risks and conditions specific to the countries or regions in which we operate, which could adversely affect our business or financial performance.

We are currently engaged in the operation of retail through our wholly-owned subsidiaries in Argentina, Brazil, Canada, China, Japan and the United Kingdom; our majority-owned subsidiaries in Africa, Central America, Chile, China and Mexico; our joint ventures in India and China; and other controlled subsidiaries in China. During fiscal 
2013
, our Walmart International operations generated approximately 
29%
 of our consolidated net sales. As a result of our expansion activities in countries outside the U.S., we expect that our Walmart International operations could account for a larger portion of our net sales in future years. Our future operating results in these countries or in other countries or regions throughout the world could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, most of which are beyond our control. These factors include political conditions, including political instability, economic conditions, legal and regulatory constraints, anti-money laundering laws and regulations, trade policies, currency regulations, and other matters in any of the countries or regions in which we operate, now or in the future. Foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations may have an impact on our future costs or on future cash flows from our Walmart International operations, and could adversely affect our financial performance.

Moreover, the economies of some of the countries in which we have operations have in the past suffered from high rates of inflation and currency devaluations, which, if they occurred again, could adversely affect our financial performance. Other factors which may impact our Walmart International operations include foreign trade, monetary and fiscal policies both of the U.S. and of other countries, laws, regulations and other activities of foreign governments, agencies and similar organizations, and risks associated with having numerous facilities located in countries which have historically been less stable than the U.S. Additional risks inherent in our Walmart International operations generally include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, adverse tax consequences and greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights in countries other than the U.S. The various risks inherent in doing business in the U.S. generally also exist when doing business outside of the U.S., and may be exaggerated by the difficulty of doing business in numerous sovereign jurisdictions due to differences in culture, laws and regulations.

In foreign countries in which we have operations, a risk exists that our associates, contractors or agents could, in contravention of our policies, engage in business practices prohibited by U.S. laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the laws and regulations of other countries such as the UK Bribery Act. We maintain policies prohibiting such business practices and have in place enhanced global anti-corruption compliance programs designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations. Nevertheless, we remain subject to the risk that one or more of our associates, contractors or agents, including those based in or from countries where practices that violate such U.S. laws and regulations or the laws and regulations of other countries may be customary, will engage in business practices that are prohibited by our policies, circumvent our compliance programs and, by doing so, violate such laws and regulations. Any such violations, even if prohibited by our internal policies, could adversely affect our business or financial performance.

Natural disasters, changes in climate, and geo-political events could adversely affect our financial performance.

The occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as hurricanes, cyclones, typhoons, tropical storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, weather conditions such as major or extended winter storms, droughts and tornadoes, whether as a result of climate change or otherwise, severe changes in climate and geo-political events, such as civil unrest or terrorist attacks in a country in which we operate or in which our suppliers are located could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Such events could result in physical damage to, or the complete loss of, one or more of our properties, the closure of one or more stores, clubs and distribution facilities, the lack of an adequate work force in a market, the inability of customers and our associates to reach or have transportation to our stores and clubs directly affected by such events, the evacuation of the populace from areas in which our stores, clubs and distribution facilities are located, changes in the purchasing patterns of consumers and in consumers' disposable income, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products from some local and overseas suppliers, the disruption in the transport of goods from overseas, the disruption or delay in the delivery of goods to our distribution facilities or stores within a country in which we are operating, the reduction in the availability of products in our stores, the disruption of utility services to our stores and our facilities, and disruption in our communications with our stores. These events and their impacts could otherwise disrupt and adversely affect our operations in the areas in which these types of events occur, such as the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan or Superstorm Sandy in the U.S. in 2012, and could adversely affect our financial performance.

In light of the substantial premiums payable for insurance coverage for losses caused by certain natural disasters, such as hurricanes, cyclones, typhoons, tropical storms, earthquakes, floods and tsunamis in the current insurance market, as well as the limitations on available coverage for such losses, we have chosen to be primarily self-insured with respect to such losses. Although we maintain certain specific coverages for losses from physical damages in excess of certain amounts to guard against catastrophic losses suffered from such causes, we still bear the risk of losses that would be incurred as a result of any physical damage to, or the destruction of, any stores, clubs and distribution facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory, and business interruption caused by any such events below catastrophic levels of coverage, as well as in the event of a catastrophe, in excess of the aggregate limits of applicable coverages.

 20

We are subject to certain legal proceedings that may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings, which include consumer, employment, tort and other litigation. Certain of these lawsuits, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, may result in liability material to our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. We are currently a defendant in numerous cases containing class-action allegations in which the plaintiffs have brought claims under federal and state wage and hour laws. In addition, we are a defendant in 
Dukes v. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.
, which was commenced as a class-action lawsuit in June 2001 in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, asserting that the Company had engaged in a pattern and practice of discriminating against women in promotions, pay, training, and job assignments, and seeking, among other things, injunctive relief, front pay, back pay, punitive damages, and attorneys' fees. On June 21, 2004, the U.S. district court issued an order granting in part and denying in part the plaintiffs' motion for class certification. As defined by the U.S. district court, the class included "[a]ll women employed at any Wal-Mart domestic retail store at any time since December 26, 1998, who have been or may be subjected to Wal-Mart's challenged pay and management track promotions policies and practices." The Company appealed the order to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals and subsequently to the U.S. Supreme Court. On June 20, 2011, the Supreme Court issued an opinion decertifying the class and remanding the case to the district court. On October 27, 2011, the plaintiffs' attorneys filed an amended complaint proposing a class of current and former female associates at the Company's California retail facilities, and the Company filed a motion to dismiss on January 13, 2012. On September 21, 2012, the court denied the motion. On 
October 28, 2011
, the attorneys for the plaintiffs in the 
Dukes
 case filed a similar complaint in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas entitled 
Odle v. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.
, proposing a class of current and former female associates employed in any Walmart region that includes stores located in the state of Texas. On October 15, 2012, the court in the
 Odle
 case granted the Company's motion to dismiss, dismissing with prejudice the plaintiffs' class-action allegations and the individual claims of the lead plaintiff, Stephanie Odle. On October 2, 2012, the plaintiffs' attorneys filed another similar complaint in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee entitled 
Phipps v. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc
., proposing a class of current and former female associates employed in "Region 43, centered in Middle and Western Tennessee." On February 20, 2013, the court in the 
Phipps
 case granted the Company's motion to dismiss, and dismissed the plaintiffs' class action allegations with prejudice. On October 4, 2012, the plaintiffs' attorneys filed another similar complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida, entitled 
Love v. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc
., proposing a class of current and former female associates employed in certain designated stores and clubs in regions centered in the state of Florida. On October 25, 2012, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the Florida complaint. Finally, on February 20, 2013, the plaintiffs' attorneys filed another similar complaint in the United States District Court for the Western District of Wisconsin, entitled 
Ladik v. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.
, proposing a class of current and former female associates employed in "Region 14, which includes Wal-Mart retail stores located in parts of Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana and Michigan." On March 15, 2013, the Company filed its motion to dismiss the Wisconsin complaint. We discuss these cases and other litigation to which we are party in greater detail below under the caption "Item 3. Legal Proceedings" and in Note 10 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, which are part of our Annual Report to Shareholders, which are incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are included as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

 21

We could be subject to liability, penalties and other sanctions and other adverse consequences arising out of our on-going FCPA matter. 

The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, which is composed solely of independent directors, is conducting an internal investigation into, among other things, alleged violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA") and other alleged crimes or misconduct in connection with certain of our foreign subsidiaries, including Wal-Mart de México, S.A.B. de C.V., or Walmex, and whether we appropriately handled prior allegations of such violations and/or misconduct. We are also conducting a voluntary global review of our policies, practices and internal controls for FCPA compliance and strengthening our global anti-corruption compliance programs. Since the implementation of the global review and enhanced anti-corruption compliance programs, the Audit Committee and we have identified or been made aware of additional allegations regarding potential violations of the FCPA. Inquiries or investigations regarding allegations of potential FCPA violations have been commenced in a number of foreign markets in which we operate, including, but not limited to, Brazil, China and India. In November 2011, we voluntarily disclosed our investigative activity to the U.S. Department of Justice (the "DOJ") and the SEC, and we have been informed by the DOJ and the SEC that we are the subject of their respective investigations into possible violations of the FCPA. A number of federal and local government agencies in Mexico have also initiated investigations of these matters. Furthermore, lawsuits relating to the matters under investigation have been filed by several of our shareholders against us, certain of our current and former directors and officers and certain of Walmex's current and former officers.

We could be exposed to a variety of negative consequences as a result of these matters. One or more enforcement actions could be instituted in respect of the matters that are the subject of some or all of the on-going government investigations, and such actions, if brought, may result in judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions, cease and desist orders, debarment or other relief, criminal convictions and/or penalties. The existing and any additional shareholder lawsuits may result in judgments against us and our current and former directors and officers named in those proceedings. We cannot predict at this time the outcome or impact of the government investigations, the shareholder lawsuits, or our own internal investigations and review. Moreover, we expect to continue to incur costs (in addition to the $157 million of costs incurred in fiscal 2013) in conducting our on-going review and investigations and in responding to requests for information or subpoenas seeking documents, testimony and other information in connection with the government investigations and in defending the existing and any additional shareholder lawsuits and any governmental proceedings that are instituted against us or any of our current or former officers. These matters may require the involvement of certain members of our senior management that could impinge on the time they have available to devote to other matters relating to our business. We also expect that there will be ongoing media and governmental interest, including additional news articles from media publications on these matters that could impact the perception of our role as a corporate citizen among certain audiences. Our process of assessing and responding to the governmental investigations and the shareholder lawsuits continues. While we believe that it is probable that we will incur a loss from these matters, given the on-going nature and complexity of the review, inquiries and investigations, we cannot reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss that may arise from these matters. Although we do not presently believe that these matters will have a material adverse effect on our business, given the inherent uncertainties in such situations, we can provide no assurance that these matters will not be material to our business in the future.

If the technology-based systems that give our customers the ability to shop with us online do not function effectively, our operating results, as well as our ability to grow our Global eCommerce business, could be adversely affected.

Many of our customers shop with us over our merchandising websites, including walmart.com and samsclub.com, which are a part of our multi-channel sales strategy. Increasingly, customers are using computers, tablets, and smart phones to shop online with us and with our competitors and to do comparison shopping. In addition, we offer a "site-to-store" program under which many products available for purchase online can be shipped to and picked up by the customer at his or her local Walmart store or Sam's Club, which provides additional customer traffic at such stores and clubs. Any failure on our part to provide the necessary technological interfaces with our merchandising programs, including user friendly software applications for smart phones and tablets, could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in the loss of online and other sales, harm our reputation with customers, have an adverse impact on the growth of our Global eCommerce business and negatively affect our results of operations.

 22

Any failure to maintain the security of the information relating to our customers, associates and vendors that we hold, whether as a result of cybersecurity attacks or otherwise, could damage our reputation with customers, associates and vendors, could cause us to incur substantial additional costs and to become subject to litigation, and could adversely affect our operating results. 

As do most retailers, we receive certain personal information about our customers, and we also receive personal information concerning our associates and vendors. In addition, our online operations at 
www.walmart.com
, 
www.samsclub.com
 and other websites depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments. Each year, computer hackers make numerous attempts to access the information stored in our information systems. We maintain substantial security measures to protect, and to prevent unauthorized access to, such information. As a result of those measures, the past attempts by computer hackers to gain access to the information stored on our information systems have been unsuccessful. Nevertheless, it is possible that computer hackers and others (through cyberattacks, which are rapidly evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated, or by other means) might defeat our security measures in the future and obtain the personal information of customers, associates and vendors that we hold. Such an occurrence could adversely affect our reputation with our customers, associates, and vendors, as well as our operations, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and could result in litigation against us or the imposition of penalties. Moreover, a security breach could require that we expend significant additional resources to upgrade further the security measures that we employ to guard such important personal information against cyberattacks and other attempts to access such information and could result in a disruption of our operations, particularly our online sales operations. 

We rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions, summarize results and manage our business. Disruptions in both our primary and secondary (back-up) systems could harm our ability to run our business.

Although we have independent, redundant and physically separate primary and secondary computer systems, given the number of individual transactions we have each year, it is critical that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our business-critical computer systems. Our computer systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches (through cyberattacks from computer hackers and sophisticated organizations), catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, earthquakes and hurricanes, and usage errors by our associates. If our computer systems and our back-up systems are damaged, breached or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim. Any material interruption in both of our computer systems and back-up systems may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. In addition, we are pursuing complex initiatives to transform our information technology processes and systems, which will include, for many of our computer systems, establishing common processes across our lines of business. The risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken, although we believe that our change management process will mitigate this risk. If we fail to integrate our computer systems and processes, we may fail to realize the cost savings anticipated to be derived from these initiatives.

We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for our products and services, and our market share.

It is difficult to predict consistently and successfully the products and services our customers will demand. The success of our business depends in part on our ability to identify and respond to evolving trends in demographics and consumer preferences. Failure to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences and spending patterns could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for our products and services and our market share.