The risks
described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These risks are not the only risks that we face. Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not
presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations. 

General economic factors, both domestically
and internationally, may adversely affect our financial performance. 

General economic conditions, globally or in one or more of the
markets we serve, may adversely affect our financial performance. In the United States, higher interest rates, higher fuel and other energy costs, inflation, higher levels of unemployment, higher consumer debt levels, higher tax rates and other
changes in tax laws, and other economic factors could adversely affect consumer demand for the products and services we sell through our Wal-Mart Stores segment and SAM’S CLUB segment, change the mix of products we sell to one with a lower
average gross margin and result in slower inventory turnover and greater markdowns on inventory. Higher interest rates, higher fuel and other energy costs, transportation costs, inflation, higher costs of labor, insurance and healthcare, foreign
exchange rates fluctuations, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws, changes in other laws and regulations and other economic factors in the United States increase our cost of sales and operating, selling, general and administrative
expenses, and otherwise adversely affect the operations and operating results of our Wal-Mart Stores segment and SAM’S CLUB segment. High levels of unemployment, inflation, changes in tax and other laws, currency devaluations and other adverse
developments in the economies of the other countries in which we operate may adversely affect consumer demand for our merchandise in those countries, adversely affect our gross margins, cost of sales, inventory turnover and markdowns or otherwise
adversely affect our operations and operating results in those countries. 

We may face impediments to our expansion in the United
States, including conversions of Discount Stores into Supercenters, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 

The
growth in the net sales and operating net income of our Wal-Mart Stores segment and our SAM’S CLUB segment depends to a substantial degree on our expansion programs. Our expansion strategy depends upon our ability to execute our retail concepts
successfully in new markets within the United States and upon our ability to increase the number of stores in markets in which we currently have operations. Our ability to open additional Supercenters, Discount Stores, Neighborhood Markets and
SAM’S CLUBs and to convert existing Discount Stores into Supercenters depends in large measure upon our ability to locate, hire and retain qualified personnel and to acquire new store sites on acceptable terms. Local land use and other
regulations restricting the construction of buildings of the type in which we operate our various formats, as well as local community action opposed to the location of specific stores at specific sites, may affect our ability to open new stores and
clubs, to convert Discount Stores into Supercenters or to relocate or expand existing units. Increased real estate, construction and development costs could limit our growth opportunities and our ability to convert our Discount Stores into
Supercenters. If we are unable to open new Supercenters, Discount Stores, Neighborhood Markets or SAM’S CLUBs or continue to convert Discount Stores into Supercenters, our financial performance could be adversely affected. In addition, if
consumers in the markets into which we expand are not receptive to our retail concepts, our financial performance could be adversely affected. 

Impediments to the expansion of our International operations could adversely affect our financial performance. 

Our
business strategy for our International segment includes expansion by selective acquisitions and strategic alliances that add new stores and markets to our existing International business, as well as opening new units in the countries in which we
have existing operations. In the countries in which we have existing operations, new units may be opened in the formats already existing in those countries or may be opened in newly introduced formats, such as Supercenters or SAM’S Clubs, not

13 

previously operated in those markets. As in the United States, our ability to open new stores or to expand or relocate existing stores in a market served by
our International segment depends in large measure upon our ability to locate, hire and retain qualified personnel and our ability to acquire new store sites on acceptable terms. Local laws can affect our ability to acquire attractive pre-existing
buildings in which to locate units or sites on which to build new units or to expand existing units. In addition, access to local suppliers of certain types of goods may limit our ability to add new units or to expand product selections in existing
units in certain markets. Moreover, cultural differences in some markets into which we expand or into which we introduce new retail concepts may result in the consumers in those markets not being as receptive to our retail concepts as we anticipate
those consumers will be. If we do not effectively execute our expansion plans for our International segment, our financial performance could be adversely affected. 

We may be unable to continue to identify suitable acquisition candidates at acceptable prices and may not be successful in consummating the acquisition of any such candidate identified. Although we believe we will be
ultimately able to integrate successfully any newly acquired operations into our existing operations, no certainty exists that future acquisitions or alliances will be successfully integrated into our operations or can be successfully integrated in
a reasonable time. Our failure to identify appropriate candidates for acquisition or alliance or to integrate effectively future acquisitions and alliances into our existing operations could adversely affect the growth of our International segment
and our future financial performance. 

Failure to attract and retain qualified associates and other labor issues could adversely
affect our financial performance. 

Our ability to continue to expand our operations in the United States and abroad depends on our
ability to attract and retain a large and growing number of qualified associates. Our ability to meet our labor needs generally, including our ability to find qualified personnel to fill positions that become vacant at our existing stores, clubs and
distribution centers, while controlling our associate wage and related labor costs, is subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of a sufficient number of qualified persons in the work force of the markets in which we are
located, unemployment levels within those markets, prevailing wage rates, changing demographics, health and other insurance costs and changes in employment legislation. If we are unable to locate, to attract or to retain qualified personnel or if
our costs of labor or related costs increase significantly, our financial performance could be affected adversely. 

We face strong
competition from other retailers and wholesale club operators, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 

The retail
business is highly competitive. Each of our business segments competes for customers, employees, store sites, products and services and in other important aspects of its business with many other local, regional and national retailers, both in the
United States and in the foreign countries in which we have operations. Our Wal-Mart Stores segment competes with retailers operating discount, department, drug, variety and specialty stores, supermarkets, supercenter-type stores, hypermarts, as
well as internet-based retailers and catalog businesses. Our SAM’S CLUB segment competes with other wholesale club operators, as well as discount retailers, retail and wholesale grocers and general merchandise wholesalers and distributors, as
well as internet-based retailers, wholesalers and catalog businesses. Internationally, we compete with retailers who operate department, drug, variety and specialty stores, supermarkets, supercenter-type stores, hypermarts, wholesale clubs,
internet-based retailers and catalog businesses. Such retailers and wholesale club operators compete in a variety of ways, including merchandise selection and availability, services offered to customers, location, store hours, in-store amenities and
price. Our ability to offer value and service to our customers through various programs, including EDLP, Rollbacks, Store Within a Store and Store of the Community, have allowed us to compete successfully against our competitors in most instances.
Where necessary to compete effectively with competitors who price merchandise at points lower than the prices we set under our EDLP philosophy, we will lower our prices on goods sold. Our ability to respond effectively to competitive pressures and
changes in the retail markets could adversely affect our financial performance. See “Item 1. Business.” above for additional discussion of our competitive situation in our various operating segments. 

Although the retail industry as a whole is highly fragmented, certain segments of the retail industry are currently undergoing some consolidation, which
could result in increased competition and significantly alter the dynamics of the retail marketplace. Such consolidation may result in competitors with greatly improved financial resources, improved access to merchandise, greater market penetration
than they previously enjoyed and other improvements in their competitive positions. Such business combinations could result in the provision of a wider variety of products and services at competitive prices by such consolidated companies, which
could adversely affect our financial performance. 

14 

Risks associated with the suppliers from whom our products are sourced could adversely affect our
financial performance. 

The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers. Global
sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important factor in our financial performance. All of our suppliers must comply with applicable laws, including labor and environmental laws, and otherwise be certified as meeting our required supplier
standards of conduct. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who meet our standards, and to access products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to suppliers located and goods sourced outside the
United States. Political and economic instability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial instability of suppliers, suppliers’ failure to meet our supplier standards, labor problems experienced by our suppliers,
the availability of raw materials to suppliers, merchandise quality issues, currency exchange rates, transport availability and cost, inflation, and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located are beyond our
control. In addition, the United States’ foreign trade policies, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, the limitation on the importation of certain types of goods or of goods containing
certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. These and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our financial performance. 

Our International operations subject us to risks associated with the legislative, judicial, accounting, regulatory, political and economic
conditions specific to the countries or regions in which we operate, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 

We
currently conduct operations in Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Costa Rico, El Salvador, Germany, Guatemala, Honduras, Japan, Mexico, Nicaragua, Puerto Rico, South Korea and the United Kingdom, as well as through joint venture agreements in China. During
fiscal 2006, our International operations generated 20.1% of our net sales. As a result of recent acquisitions of operations in foreign countries, we expect that our International operations could account for a larger portion of our net sales in
future years. Our future operating results in these countries or in other countries or regions throughout the world could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, most of which are beyond our control. These factors include political
conditions, economic conditions, legal and regulatory constraints, currency regulations, and other matters in any of the countries or regions in which we operate, now or in the future. In addition, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations
may have an impact on our future costs or on future cash flows from our International operations, and could adversely affect our financial performance. Moreover, the economies of some of the countries in which we have operations have in the past
suffered from high rates of inflation and currency devaluations, which, if they occurred again, could adversely affect our financial performance. Other factors which may impact our International operations include foreign trade, monetary and fiscal
policies both of the United States and of other countries, laws, regulations and other activities of foreign governments, agencies and similar organizations, and risks associated with having major facilities located in countries which have
historically been less stable than the United States. Additional risks inherent in our International operations generally include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, adverse tax consequences and greater
difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights in countries other than the United States. The various risks inherent in doing business in the United States generally also exist when doing business outside of the United States, and may be
exaggerated by the difficulty of doing business in numerous sovereign jurisdictions due to differences in culture, laws and regulations. 

Natural disasters and geo-political events costs could adversely affect our financial performance. 

The occurrence of
one or more natural disasters, such as hurricanes and earthquakes, and geo-political events, such as civil unrest in a country in which we operate or in which our suppliers are located and attacks disrupting transportation systems, could adversely
affect our operations and financial performance. Such events could result in physical damage to one or more of our properties, the temporary closure of one or more stores, clubs and distribution centers, the temporary lack of an adequate work force
in a market, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply or products from some local and overseas suppliers, the temporary disruption in the transport of goods from overseas, delay in the delivery of goods to our distribution centers or
stores within a country in which we are operating and the temporary reduction in the availability of products in our stores. These factors could otherwise disrupt and adversely affect our operations and financial performance. 

We expect that the significant property damage experienced by the Company and others during last year’s hurricanes will result in substantial
increases in property insurance premiums and limitations in coverage offered by the property insurance markets to us and others. As a result the Company will likely face higher property insurance premiums, an increase in retained risk, or a
combination of the two, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 

15 

We are subject to certain legal proceedings that may adversely affect our financial condition and
results of operation. 

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings, which include consumer, employment, tort and other
litigation. Certain of these lawsuits, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, may result in liability material to our financial condition and results of operations. We are currently a defendant in numerous cases containing class-action
allegations in which the plaintiffs have brought claims under federal and state wage and hour laws. In addition, we are a defendant in Dukes v. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., a class-action lawsuit brought on behalf of all past and present female
employees in all of our retail stores and wholesale clubs in the United States. The class as certified in 
Dukes currently includes approximately 1.6 million present and former female associates. The plaintiffs in this case allege that we
have engaged in a pattern and practice of discriminating against women in promotions, pay, training and job assignments and seek, among other things, injunctive relief, front pay, back pay, punitive damages and attorneys’ fees. The U.S.
District Court hearing this case has issued an order granting in part and denying in part the plaintiffs’ motion for class certification. We discuss these cases and other litigation to which we are party in greater detail below under the
caption “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” and in Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements, which are part of our Annual Report to Shareholders which is incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K and is included as an exhibit to this
Annual Report on Form 10-K.