The risks
described below could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. These risks are not the only risks that we face. Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that
apply to all companies operating in the United States and globally, as well as other risks that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations. 

General economic factors, both domestically and internationally, may adversely affect our financial performance. 

General economic conditions, globally or in one or more of the markets we serve, may adversely affect our financial performance. In the United States, higher interest rates, higher fuel and other energy
costs, weakness in the housing market, inflation, deflation, higher levels of unemployment, decreases in consumer disposable income, unavailability of consumer credit, higher consumer debt levels, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, higher tax
rates and other changes in tax laws, other regulatory changes, overall economic slowdown and other economic factors could adversely affect consumer demand for the products and services we sell through our Walmart U.S. segment and Sam’s Club
segment, change the mix of products we sell to one with a lower average gross margin, cause a slowdown in discretionary purchases of goods and result in slower inventory turnover and greater markdowns on inventory. Higher levels of unemployment,
inflation, deflation, decreases in consumer disposable income, changes in tax and other laws, higher fuel and other energy costs, weakness in the local housing market, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, currency devaluations and other adverse
developments in the economies of the other countries in which we operate may adversely affect consumer demand for our merchandise in those countries, especially those countries in which average incomes are significantly lower than in the United
States. These conditions may adversely affect our gross margins, cost of sales, inventory turnover and markdowns or otherwise adversely affect our operations and operating results in our Walmart International segment. 

Higher interest rates, higher fuel and other energy costs, transportation costs, inflation, higher costs of labor, insurance and healthcare, foreign
exchange rate fluctuations, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws, the imposition of measures that create barriers to or increase the costs associated with international trade, changes in other laws and regulations and other economic
factors in the United States and other countries in which we have operations can increase our cost of sales and operating, selling, general and administrative expenses, and otherwise adversely affect our domestic and international operations and our
operating results. The economic factors that affect our operations also affect the operations and economic viability of our suppliers from whom we purchase goods, a factor that can result in an increase in the cost to us of the goods we sell to our
customers or, in more extreme cases, could result in certain suppliers not producing goods in the volume typically available to us for sale. 

We may face impediments to our expansion in the United States, including conversions of discount stores into supercenters and opening other store
formats, which may adversely affect our financial performance. 

Our expansion strategy depends upon our ability to execute our retail
concepts successfully in new markets within the United States and upon our ability to increase the number of stores in markets in which we currently have operations. Our ability to open additional supercenters, discount stores, Neighborhood Markets,
other store formats, and Sam’s Clubs and to convert existing discount stores into supercenters depends in large measure upon our ability to locate, hire and retain qualified personnel 

13 

and to acquire new store sites on acceptable terms. Local land use and other regulations restricting the construction of buildings of the type in which we operate our various formats, as well as
local community action opposed to the location of specific stores at specific sites and the adoption of certain local laws restricting our operations, may affect our ability to open new stores and clubs, to convert discount stores into supercenters
or to relocate or expand existing units in certain cities and states. Increased real estate, construction and development costs could limit our growth opportunities and our ability to convert our discount stores into supercenters. If we are unable
to open new supercenters, discount stores, Neighborhood Markets, other small formats or Sam’s Clubs or continue to convert discount stores into supercenters, our financial performance, such as net sales and operating income growth, could be
adversely affected. In addition, if consumers in the markets into which we expand are not receptive to our retail concepts or are otherwise not receptive to our presence in a market, our financial performance could be adversely affected. 

Impediments to the expansion of our Walmart International operations could adversely affect our financial performance. 

Our business strategy for our Walmart International segment includes expansion by selective acquisitions and strategic alliances that add new stores and
markets to our existing Walmart International business, as well as opening new units in the countries in which we have existing operations. In the countries in which we have existing operations, new units may be opened in the formats already
existing in those countries or may be opened in newly introduced formats, such as supercenters or Sam’s Clubs, not previously operated in those markets. As in the United States, our ability to open new stores or to expand or relocate existing
stores in a market served by our Walmart International segment depends in large measure upon our ability to locate, hire and retain qualified personnel and our ability to acquire new store sites on acceptable terms. Local laws can affect our ability
to acquire attractive pre-existing buildings in which to locate units or sites on which to build new units or to expand existing units. In addition, access to local suppliers of certain types of goods may limit our ability to add new units or to
expand product selections in existing units in certain markets. Moreover, cultural differences in some markets into which we expand or into which we introduce new retail concepts may result in the consumers in those markets not being as receptive to
our retail concepts as we anticipate those consumers will be and may make an effective response to such issues more difficult to achieve. If we do not effectively execute our expansion plans for our Walmart International segment, our financial
performance could be adversely affected. 

We may be unable to continue to identify suitable acquisition candidates at acceptable prices and
may not be successful in completing the acquisition of any such candidate identified. Although we ultimately believe we will be able to successfully integrate any newly acquired operations into our existing operations, no certainty exists that
future acquisitions or alliances will be successfully integrated into our operations or can be successfully integrated in a reasonable time. Our failure to identify appropriate candidates for acquisition or alliance or to integrate effectively
future acquisitions and alliances into our existing operations could adversely affect the growth of our Walmart International segment and our future financial performance. 

Failure to attract and retain qualified associates, changes in laws and other labor issues could adversely affect our financial performance. 

Our ability to continue to expand our operations in the United States and abroad depends on our ability to attract and retain a large and growing number
of qualified associates. Our ability to meet our labor needs, including our ability to find qualified personnel to fill positions that become vacant at our existing stores, clubs and distribution centers, while controlling our associate wage and
related labor costs, is generally subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of a sufficient number of qualified persons in the work force of the markets in which we are located, unemployment levels within those markets,
prevailing wage rates, changing demographics, health and other insurance costs and adoption of new or revised employment and labor laws and regulations. If we are unable to locate, to attract or to retain qualified personnel, if our costs of labor
or related costs increase significantly or if new or revised labor laws, rules or regulations are adopted, our financial performance could be adversely affected. 

We face strong competition from other retailers and wholesale club operators, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 

The retail business is highly competitive. Each of our business segments competes for customers, employees, store sites, products and services and in other important aspects of its business with many
other local, regional and national retailers, both in the United States and in the foreign countries in which we have operations. Our Walmart U.S. segment competes with retailers operating discount, department, drug, dollar, variety and specialty
stores, supermarkets, supercenter-type stores and hypermarkets, as well as internet-based retailers and catalog businesses. Our Sam’s Club segment competes with other wholesale club operators, as well as discount retailers, retail and wholesale
grocers and general merchandise wholesalers and distributors, gasoline stations, as well as internet-based retailers, wholesalers and catalog businesses. Internationally, we compete with retailers who operate department, drug, dollar stores, variety
and specialty stores, supermarkets, supercenter-type stores, hypermarkets, wholesale clubs, internet-based retailers and catalog businesses. Such retailers and wholesale club 

14 

operators compete in a variety of ways, including merchandise selection and availability, services offered to customers, location, store hours, in-store amenities and price. Where necessary to
compete effectively with competitors who price merchandise at points lower than the prices we set under our EDLP philosophy, we will lower our prices on goods for sale. Our ability to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the
retail markets could adversely affect our financial performance. See “Item 1. Business” above for additional discussion of our competitive situation in our various operating segments. 

Although the retail industry as a whole is highly fragmented, certain segments of the retail industry are currently undergoing some consolidation, which
could result in increased competition and significantly alter the dynamics of the retail marketplace. Such consolidation may result in competitors with greatly improved financial resources, improved access to merchandise, greater market penetration
than they previously enjoyed and other improvements in their competitive positions. Such business combinations could result in the provision of a wider variety of products and services at competitive prices by such consolidated companies, which
could adversely affect our financial performance. 

Risks associated with the suppliers from whom our products are sourced and the safety of
those products could adversely affect our financial performance. 

The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and
international suppliers. Global sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important factor in our financial performance. All of our suppliers must comply with applicable laws, including labor and environmental laws, and otherwise be certified
as meeting our required supplier standards of conduct. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who meet our standards and to access products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to suppliers located
and goods sourced outside the United States. Political and economic instability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial instability of suppliers, suppliers’ failure to meet our supplier standards, labor problems
experienced by our suppliers, the availability of raw materials to suppliers, merchandise quality issues, currency exchange rates, transportation availability and cost, transportation security, inflation and other factors relating to the suppliers
and the countries in which they are located are beyond our control. In addition, the United States’ foreign trade policies, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, the limitation on the
importation of certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. These and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could
adversely affect our financial performance. 

Our customers count on us to provide them with safe products. Concerns regarding the safety of
food and non-food products that we source from our suppliers and then sell could cause shoppers to avoid purchasing certain products from us or to seek alternative sources of supply for all of their food and non-food needs, even if the basis for the
concern is outside of our control. Any lost confidence on the part of our customers would be difficult and costly to reestablish. As such, any issue regarding the safety of any food and non-food items we sell, regardless of the cause, could
adversely affect our financial performance. 

Our Walmart International operations subject us to risks associated with the legislative,
judicial, accounting, regulatory, political and economic risks and conditions specific to the countries or regions in which we operate, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 

We currently conduct operations in 12 countries in Africa, Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, 5 countries in Central America, Japan, Mexico and the
United Kingdom, as well as through joint venture agreements in China and India and our other controlled subsidiaries in China. During fiscal 2012, our Walmart International operations generated approximately 28% of our net sales. As a result of our
expansion activities in countries outside the United States, we expect that our Walmart International operations could account for a larger portion of our net sales in future years. Our future operating results in these countries or in other
countries or regions throughout the world could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, most of which are beyond our control. These factors include political conditions, including political instability, economic conditions, legal and
regulatory constraints, trade policies, both of the United States and of the other countries in which we operate, currency regulations, and other matters in any of the countries or regions in which we operate, now or in the future. Foreign currency
exchange rates and fluctuations may have an impact on our future costs or on future cash flows from our Walmart International operations, and could adversely affect our financial performance. 

Moreover, the economies of some of the countries in which we have operations have in the past suffered from high rates of inflation and currency devaluations, which, if they occurred again, could
adversely affect our financial performance. Other factors which may impact our Walmart International operations include foreign trade, monetary and fiscal policies both of the United States and of other countries, laws, regulations and other
activities of foreign governments, agencies and similar organizations, and risks associated with having numerous facilities located in countries which have historically been less stable than the United States. Additional risks inherent in our
Walmart International operations generally include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, adverse tax consequences and greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights in countries other than the
United States. The various risks inherent in doing business in the United States generally also exist when doing business outside of the United States, and may be exaggerated by the difficulty of doing business in numerous sovereign jurisdictions
due to differences in culture, laws and regulations. 

15 

Natural disasters and geo-political events could adversely affect our financial performance.

The occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as hurricanes, cyclones, typhoons, tropical storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis,
weather conditions such as major or extended winter storms, droughts and tornados, whether as a result of climate change or otherwise, severe changes in climate and geo-political events, such as civil unrest or terrorist attacks in a country in
which we operate or in which our suppliers are located could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Such events could result in physical damage to, or the complete loss of, one or more of our properties, the closure of one or
more stores, clubs and distribution centers, the lack of an adequate work force in a market, the inability of customers and our associates to reach or have transportation to our stores and clubs directly affected by such events, the evacuation of
the populace from areas in which our stores, clubs and distributions centers are located, changes in the purchasing patterns of consumers and in consumers’ disposable income, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products from
some local and overseas suppliers, the disruption in the transport of goods from overseas, the disruption or delay in the delivery of goods to our distribution centers or stores within a country in which we are operating, the reduction in the
availability of products in our stores, the disruption of utility services to our stores and our facilities, and disruption in our communications with our stores. These events and their impacts could otherwise disrupt and adversely affect our
operations in the areas in which these types of events occur, such as the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan, and could adversely affect our financial performance. 

In light of the substantial premiums payable for insurance coverage for losses caused by certain natural disasters, such as hurricanes, cyclones, typhoons, tropical storms, earthquakes, floods and
tsunamis in the current insurance market, as well as the limitations on available coverage for such losses, we have chosen to be primarily self-insured with respect to such losses. Although we maintain certain specific coverages for losses from
physical damages in excess of certain amounts to guard against catastrophic losses suffered from such causes, we still bear the risk of losses that would be incurred as a result of any physical damage to, or the destruction of, any stores, clubs and
distribution centers, loss or spoilage of inventory, and business interruption caused by any such events below catastrophic levels of coverage, as well as in the event of a catastrophe, in excess of the aggregate limits of applicable coverages.

We are subject to certain legal proceedings that may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings, which include consumer, employment, tort and other litigation. Certain of these
lawsuits, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, may result in liability material to our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. We are currently a defendant in numerous cases containing class-action allegations in which the
plaintiffs have brought claims under federal and state wage and hour laws. In addition, we are a defendant in Dukes v. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., which was commenced as a class-action lawsuit in June 2001 in the United States District Court for
the Northern District of California, asserting that the Company had engaged in a pattern and practice of discriminating against women in promotions, pay, training, and job assignments, and seeking, among other things, injunctive relief, front pay,
back pay, punitive damages, and attorneys’ fees. On June 21, 2004, the U.S. district court issued an order granting in part and denying in part the plaintiffs’ motion for class certification. As defined by the U.S. district court, the
class included “[a]ll women employed at any Wal-Mart domestic retail store at any time since December 26, 1998, who have been or may be subjected to Wal-Mart’s challenged pay and management track promotions policies and
practices.” The Company appealed the order to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals and subsequently to the United States Supreme Court. On June 20, 2011, the Supreme Court issued an opinion decertifying the class and remanding the case to
the district court. On October 27, 2011, the plaintiffs’ attorneys filed an amended complaint proposing a class of current and former female associates at the Company’s California retail facilities, and the Company filed a Motion to
Dismiss on January 13, 2012. On October 28, 2011, the plaintiffs’ attorneys filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas entitled 
Odle v. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., proposing a class of
current and former female associates at the Company’s Texas retail facilities and asserting claims and relief similar to those in the Dukes case. The Company filed a Motion to Dismiss on March 5, 2012. We discuss this case and other
litigation to which we are a party in greater detail below under the caption “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” and in Note 11 in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,” which are part of our Annual Report to Shareholders,
which are incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are included as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

16 

If we do not maintain the security of information relating to our customers, associates and vendors,
security information breaches through cybersecurity attacks or otherwise could damage our reputation with customers, associates and vendors, and we could incur substantial additional costs and become subject to litigation. 

As do most retailers, we receive certain personal information about our customers, and we also receive personal information concerning our associates and
vendors. In addition, our online operations at www.walmart.com, 
www.samsclub.com and other websites depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks, including information permitting cashless
payments. We maintain security measures with respect to such information, but despite these measures, we may be vulnerable to security breaches by computer hackers and others that attempt to penetrate the security measures that we have in place. A
compromise of our security systems (through cyber-attacks or otherwise which are rapidly evolving and sophisticated) that results in personal information being obtained by unauthorized persons could adversely affect our reputation with our
customers, associates, and vendors, as well as our operations, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and could result in litigation against us or the imposition of penalties. In addition, a security breach could require that we
expend significant additional resources related to our information security systems and could result in a disruption of our operations, particularly our online sales operations. 

We rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions, summarize results and manage our business. Disruptions in both our primary and secondary (back-up) systems could harm our ability to run
our business. 

Although we have independent, redundant and physically separate primary and secondary computer systems, given the number of
individual transactions we have each year, it is critical that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our business-critical computer systems. Our computer systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power
outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches (through cyber-attacks from computer hackers and sophisticated organizations), catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes and hurricanes, and usage errors by
our associates. If our computer systems and our back-up systems are damaged, breached or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the
interim. Any material interruption in both of our computer systems and back-up systems may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. In addition, we are pursuing complex initiatives to transform our information
technology processes and systems, which will include, for many of our computer systems, establishing common processes across our lines of business. The risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken, although
we believe that our change management process will mitigate this risk. If we fail to integrate our computer systems and processes we may fail to realize the cost savings anticipated to be derived from these initiatives. 

We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand
for our products and services, and our market share. 

It is difficult to predict consistently and successfully the products and services
our customers will demand. The success of our business depends in part on our ability to identify and respond to evolving trends in demographics and consumer preferences. Failure to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes,
preferences and spending patterns could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for our products and services and our market share.