FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND CAUTIONARY STATEMENT 

FOR PURPOSES OF THE “SAFE HARBOR” PROVISIONS OF 

THE PRIVATE
SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 

Certain matters contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include
forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These forward-looking statements relate to anticipated financial performance, management’s plans and objectives for future
operations, business prospects, outcome of regulatory proceedings, market conditions and other matters. 

All statements, other
than statements of historical facts, included in this report that address activities, events or developments that we expect, believe or anticipate will exist or may occur in the future, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, forward-looking
statements can be identified by various forms of words such as “anticipates,” “believes,” “seeks,” “could,” “may,” “should,” “continues,” “estimates,”
“expects,” “forecasts,” 

29 

Table of Contents

“intends,” “might,” “goals,” “objectives,” “targets,” “planned,” “potential,” “projects,” “scheduled,”
“will” or other similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on management’s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management and include, among others, statements regarding: 

•

 Amounts and nature of future capital expenditures; 

•

 Expansion and growth of our business and operations; 

•

 Financial condition and liquidity; 

•

 Business strategy; 

•

 Estimates of proved gas and oil reserves; 

•

 Reserve potential; 

•

 Development drilling potential; 

•

 Cash flow from operations or results of operations; 

•

 Seasonality of our business; and 

•

 Natural gas, crude oil and NGLs prices and demand. 

Forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions, uncertainties and risks that could cause future events or results to be materially different from those stated or implied in this report. Many
of the factors that will determine these results are beyond our ability to control or predict. Specific factors that could cause actual results to differ from results contemplated by the forward-looking statements include, among others, the
following: 

•

 Availability of supplies (including the uncertainties inherent in assessing, estimating, acquiring and developing future natural gas and oil reserves),
market demand, volatility of prices and the availability and cost of capital; 

•

 Inflation, interest rates, fluctuation in foreign exchange and general economic conditions (including future disruptions and volatility in the global
credit markets and the impact of these events on our customers and suppliers); 

•

 The strength and financial resources of our competitors; 

•

 Development of alternative energy sources; 

•

 The impact of operational and development hazards; 

•

 Costs of, changes in, or the results of laws, government regulations (including climate change legislation and/or potential additional regulation of
drilling and completion of wells), environmental liabilities, litigation and rate proceedings; 

•

 Changes in maintenance and construction costs; 

•

 Changes in the current geopolitical situation; 

•

 Our exposure to the credit risk of our customers; 

•

 Risks related to strategy and financing, including restrictions stemming from our debt agreements, future changes in our credit ratings and the
availability and cost of credit; 

•

 Risks associated with future weather conditions; 

•

 Acts of terrorism; and 

•

 Other factors described in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and
“Business.” 

30 

Table of Contents

All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are
expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth above. Given the uncertainties and risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement, we caution
investors not to unduly rely on our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. We disclaim any obligation to and do not intend to update the above list or to announce publicly the result of any
revisions to any of the forward-looking statements to reflect future events or developments, except to the extent required by applicable laws. If we update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make
additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. 

In addition to causing our actual results to
differ, the factors listed above and referred to below may cause our intentions to change from those statements of intention set forth in this report. Such changes in our intentions may also cause our results to differ. We may change our intentions,
at any time and without notice, based upon changes in such factors, our assumptions, or otherwise. 

Because forward-looking
statements involve risks and uncertainties, we caution that there are important factors, in addition to those listed above, that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. These factors are
described in “Risk Factors.” 

31 

Table of Contents

 

You should carefully consider each of the following risks, which we believe are the principal risks that we face and of which we are currently aware, and all of the other information in this report.
Some of the risks described below relate to our business, while others relate to our separation from Williams. Other risks relate principally to the securities markets and ownership of our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occur,
our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could suffer materially and adversely. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you might lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

Our business requires significant capital expenditures and we may be unable to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory terms or at all. 

Our exploration, development and acquisition activities require substantial capital expenditures. Historically, we have funded our
capital expenditures through a combination of cash flows from operations, capital contributions or borrowings from Williams and sales of assets. Future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, including the level of production from existing
wells, prices of natural gas and oil and our success in developing and producing new reserves. If our cash flow from operations is not sufficient to fund our capital expenditure budget, we may have limited ability to obtain the additional capital
necessary to sustain our operations at current levels. We may not be able to obtain debt or equity financing on terms favorable to us or at all. The failure to obtain additional financing could result in a curtailment of our operations relating to
exploration and development of our prospects, which in turn could lead to a decline in our natural gas and oil production or reserves, and in some areas a loss of properties. 

Failure to replace reserves may negatively affect our business. 

The growth
of our business depends upon our ability to find, develop or acquire additional natural gas and oil reserves that are economically recoverable. Our proved reserves generally decline when reserves are produced, unless we conduct successful
exploration or development activities or acquire properties containing proved reserves, or both. We may not always be able to find, develop or acquire additional reserves at acceptable costs. If natural gas or oil prices increase, our costs for
additional reserves would also increase; conversely if natural gas or oil prices decrease, it could make it more difficult to fund the replacement of our reserves. 

Exploration and development drilling may not result in commercially productive reserves. 

Our past success rate for drilling projects should not be considered a predictor of future commercial success. Our decisions to purchase, explore, develop or otherwise exploit prospects or properties will
depend in part on the evaluation of data obtained through geophysical and geological analyses, production data and engineering studies, the results of which are often inconclusive or subject to varying interpretations. The new wells we drill or
participate in may not be commercially productive, and we may not recover all or any portion of our investment in wells we drill or participate in. Our efforts will be unprofitable if we drill dry wells or wells that are productive but do not
produce enough reserves to return a profit after drilling, operating and other costs. The cost of drilling, completing and operating a well is often uncertain, and cost factors can adversely affect the economics of a project. Further, our drilling
operations may be curtailed, delayed, canceled or rendered unprofitable or less profitable than anticipated as a result of a variety of other factors, including: 

•

 Increases in the cost of, or shortages or delays in the availability of, drilling rigs and equipment, supplies, skilled labor, capital or
transportation; 

•

 Equipment failures or accidents; 

•

 Adverse weather conditions, such as floods or blizzards; 

32 

Table of Contents

•

 Title and lease related problems; 

•

 Limitations in the market for natural gas and oil; 

•

 Unexpected drilling conditions or problems; 

•

 Pressure or irregularities in geological formations; 

•

 Regulations and regulatory approvals; 

•

 Changes or anticipated changes in energy prices; or 

•

 Compliance with environmental and other governmental requirements. 

We expect to invest approximately 60 percent of our drilling capital during 2012 in two relatively new unconventional projects, the
Bakken Shale in western North Dakota and the Marcellus Shale in Pennsylvania. Due to limited production history from the relatively few number of wells drilled in these projects, we are unable to predict with certainty the quantity of future
production from wells to be drilled in those projects. 

If natural gas and oil prices decrease, we may be required to take
write-downs of the carrying values of our natural gas and oil properties. 

Accounting rules require that we review
periodically the carrying value of our natural gas and oil properties for possible impairment. Based on specific market factors and circumstances at the time of prospective impairment reviews and the continuing evaluation of development plans,
production data, economics and other factors, we may be required to write down the carrying value of our natural gas and oil properties. A writedown constitutes a non-cash charge to earnings. For example, as a result of annual and interim
assessments for impairments of our proved properties and due to significant declines in forward natural gas prices, we recorded impairments of capitalized costs of certain natural gas properties of $547 million in 2011 and $678 million in 2010.
In addition to those long-lived assets for which impairment charges were recorded, certain others were reviewed for which no impairment was required. These reviews included other domestic producing properties and acquired unproved reserve costs, and
utilized inputs generally consistent with those described above. Judgments and assumptions are inherent in our estimate of future cash flows used to evaluate these assets. The use of alternate judgments and assumptions could result in the
recognition of different levels of impairment charges in the consolidated financial statements. For the other producing assets reviewed, but for which impairment charges were not recorded, we estimate that approximately eight percent could be at
risk for impairment if forward prices across all future periods decline by approximately 12 to 14 percent, on average, as compared to the forward prices at December 31, 2011. A substantial portion of the remaining carrying value of these other
assets (primarily related to assets in the Piceance basin) could be at risk for impairment if forward prices across all future periods decline by at least 24 percent, on average, as compared to the prices at December 31, 2011. We may incur
impairment charges for these or other properties in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for the periods in which such charges are taken. 

Estimating reserves and future net revenues involves uncertainties. Decreases in natural gas and oil prices, or negative revisions to
reserve estimates or assumptions as to future natural gas and oil prices may lead to decreased earnings, losses or impairment of natural gas and oil assets. 

Reserve estimation is a subjective process of evaluating underground accumulations of oil and gas that cannot be measured in an exact manner. Reserves that are “proved reserves” are those
estimated quantities of crude oil, natural gas and NGLs that geological and engineering data demonstrate with reasonable certainty are recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions and relate to
projects for which the extraction of hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator must be reasonably certain that it will commence the project within a reasonable time. 

33 

Table of Contents

The process relies on interpretations of available geological, geophysical, engineering and
production data. There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved reserves and in projecting future rates of production and timing of developmental expenditures, including many factors beyond the control of the producer.
The reserve data included in this report represent estimates. In addition, the estimates of future net revenues from our proved reserves and the present value of such estimates are based upon certain assumptions about future production levels,
prices and costs that may not prove to be correct. 

Quantities of proved reserves are estimated based on economic conditions
in existence during the period of assessment. Changes to oil and gas prices in the markets for such commodities may have the impact of shortening the economic lives of certain fields because it becomes uneconomic to produce all recoverable reserves
on such fields, which reduces proved property reserve estimates. 

If negative revisions in the estimated quantities of proved
reserves were to occur, it would have the effect of increasing the rates of depreciation, depletion and amortization on the affected properties, which would decrease earnings or result in losses through higher depreciation, depletion and
amortization expense. These revisions, as well as revisions in the assumptions of future cash flows of these reserves, may also be sufficient to trigger impairment losses on certain properties which would result in a noncash charge to earnings.

The development of our proved undeveloped reserves may take longer and may require higher levels of capital expenditures
than we currently anticipate. 

Approximately 41 percent of our total estimated proved reserves at December 31,
2011 were proved undeveloped reserves and may not be ultimately developed or produced. Recovery of proved undeveloped reserves requires significant capital expenditures and successful drilling operations. The reserve data included in the reserve
engineer reports assumes that substantial capital expenditures are required to develop such reserves. We cannot be certain that the estimated costs of the development of these reserves are accurate, that development will occur as scheduled or that
the results of such development will be as estimated. Delays in the development of our reserves or increases in costs to drill and develop such reserves will reduce the PV-10 value of our estimated proved undeveloped reserves and future net revenues
estimated for such reserves and may result in some projects becoming uneconomic. In addition, delays in the development of reserves could cause us to have to reclassify our proved reserves as unproved reserves. 

The present value of future net revenues from our proved reserves will not necessarily be the same as the value we ultimately realize
of our estimated natural gas and oil reserves. 

You should not assume that the present value of future net revenues from
our proved reserves is the current market value of our estimated natural gas and oil reserves. In accordance with SEC requirements, we have based the estimated discounted future net revenues from our proved reserves on the 12-month unweighted
arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for the preceding twelve months without giving effect to derivative transactions. Actual future net revenues from our natural gas and oil properties will be affected by factors such as:

•

 actual prices we receive for natural gas and oil; 

•

 actual cost of development and production expenditures; 

•

 the amount and timing of actual production; and 

•

 changes in governmental regulations or taxation. 

The timing of both our production and our incurrence of expenses in connection with the development and production of natural gas and oil properties will affect the timing and amount of actual future net
revenues from proved reserves, and thus their actual present value. In addition, the 10 percent discount factor we use when calculating discounted future net revenues may not be the most appropriate discount factor based on interest rates in
effect from time to time and risks associated with us or the natural gas and oil industry in general. 

34 

Table of Contents

Certain of our domestic undeveloped leasehold assets are subject to leases that will
expire over the next several years unless production is established on units containing the acreage. 

The majority of our
acreage in the Marcellus Shale and Bakken Shale is not currently held by production. Unless production in paying quantities is established on units containing these leases during their terms, the leases will expire. If we do not extend our leases
and our leases expire and we are unable to renew the leases, we will lose our right to develop the related properties. Our drilling plans for these areas are subject to change based upon various factors, including drilling results, natural gas and
oil prices, availability and cost of capital, drilling and production costs, availability of drilling services and equipment, gathering system and pipeline transportation constraints and regulatory and lease issues. 

Prices for natural gas, oil and NGLs are volatile, and this volatility could adversely affect our financial results, cash flows,
access to capital and ability to maintain our existing business. 

Our revenues, operating results, future rate of growth
and the value of our business depend primarily upon the prices of natural gas, oil and NGLs. Price volatility can impact both the amount we receive for our products and the volume of products we sell. Prices affect the amount of cash flow available
for capital expenditures and our ability to borrow money under our Credit Facility or raise additional capital. 

The markets
for natural gas, oil and NGLs are likely to continue to be volatile. Wide fluctuations in prices might result from relatively minor changes in the supply of and demand for these commodities, market uncertainty and other factors that are beyond our
control, including: 

•

 Worldwide and domestic supplies of and demand for natural gas, oil and NGLs; 

•

 Turmoil in the Middle East and other producing regions; 

•

 The activities of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries; 

•

 Terrorist attacks on production or transportation assets; 

•

 Weather conditions; 

•

 The level of consumer demand; 

•

 Variations in local market conditions (basis differential); 

•

 The price and availability of other types of fuels; 

•

 The availability of pipeline capacity; 

•

 Supply disruptions, including plant outages and transportation disruptions; 

•

 The price and quantity of foreign imports of natural gas and oil; 

•

 Domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes; 

•

 Volatility in the natural gas and oil markets; 

•

 The overall economic environment; 

•

 The credit of participants in the markets where products are bought and sold; and 

•

 The adoption of regulations or legislation relating to climate change. 

Our business depends on access to natural gas, oil and NGL transportation systems and facilities. 

The marketability of our natural gas, oil and NGL production depends in large part on the operation, availability, proximity, capacity and
expansion of transportation systems and facilities owned by third parties. For example, we can provide no assurance that sufficient transportation capacity will exist for expected production from the Bakken Shale and Marcellus Shale or that we will
be able to obtain sufficient transportation capacity on economic terms. 

35 

Table of Contents

A lack of available capacity on transportation systems and facilities or delays in their
planned expansions could result in the shut-in of producing wells or the delay or discontinuance of drilling plans for properties. A lack of availability of these systems and facilities for an extended period of time could negatively affect our
revenues. In addition, we have entered into contracts for firm transportation and any failure to renew those contracts on the same or better commercial terms could increase our costs and our exposure to the risks described above. 

We may have excess capacity under our firm transportation contracts, or the terms of certain of those contracts may be less favorable
than those we could obtain currently. 

We have entered into contracts for firm transportation that may exceed our
transportation needs. Any excess transportation commitments will result in excess transportation costs that could negatively affect our results of operations. In addition, certain of the contracts we have entered into may be on terms less favorable
to us than we could obtain if we were negotiating them at current rates, which also could negatively affect our results of operations. 

We have limited control over activities on properties we do not operate, which could reduce our production and revenues. 

If we do not operate the properties in which we own an interest, we do not have control over normal operating procedures, expenditures or future development of underlying properties. The failure of an
operator of our wells to adequately perform operations or an operator’s breach of the applicable agreements could reduce our production and revenues or increase our costs. As of December 31, 2011, we were not the operator of approximately
14 percent of our total domestic net production. Apco generally has outside-operated interests in its properties. The success and timing of our drilling and development activities on properties operated by others depend upon a number of factors
outside of our control, including the operator’s timing and amount of capital expenditures, expertise and financial resources, inclusion of other participants in drilling wells and use of technology. Because we do not have a majority interest
in most wells we do not operate, we may not be in a position to remove the operator in the event of poor performance. 

We
might not be able to successfully manage the risks associated with selling and marketing products in the wholesale energy markets. 

Our portfolio of derivative and other energy contracts includes wholesale contracts to buy and sell natural gas, oil and NGLs that are settled by the delivery of the commodity or cash. If the values of
these contracts change in a direction or manner that we do not anticipate or cannot manage, it could negatively affect our results of operations. In the past, certain marketing and trading companies have experienced severe financial problems due to
price volatility in the energy commodity markets. In certain instances this volatility has caused companies to be unable to deliver energy commodities that they had guaranteed under contract. If such a delivery failure were to occur in one of our
contracts, we might incur additional losses to the extent of amounts, if any, already paid to, or received from, counterparties. In addition, in our business, we often extend credit to our counterparties. We are exposed to the risk that we might not
be able to collect amounts owed to us. If the counterparty to such a transaction fails to perform and any collateral that secures our counterparty’s obligation is inadequate, we will suffer a loss. Downturns in the economy or disruptions in the
global credit markets could cause more of our counterparties to fail to perform than we expect. 

Our commodity price risk
management and measurement systems and economic hedging activities might not be effective and could increase the volatility of our results. 

The systems we use to quantify commodity price risk associated with our businesses might not always be followed or might not always be effective. Further, such systems do not in themselves manage risk,
particularly risks outside of our control, and adverse changes in energy commodity market prices, volatility, adverse 

36 

Table of Contents

correlation of commodity prices, the liquidity of markets, changes in interest rates and other risks discussed in this report might still adversely affect our earnings, cash flows and balance
sheet under applicable accounting rules, even if risks have been identified. Furthermore, no single hedging arrangement can adequately address all commodity price risks present in a given contract. For example, a forward contract that would be
effective in hedging commodity price volatility risks would not hedge the contract’s counterparty credit or performance risk. Therefore, unhedged risks will always continue to exist. 

Our use of derivatives through which we attempt to reduce the economic risk of our participation in commodity markets could result in
increased volatility of our reported results. Changes in the fair values (gains and losses) of derivatives that qualify as hedges under GAAP to the extent that such hedges are not fully effective in offsetting changes to the value of the hedged
commodity, as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives that do not qualify or have not been designated as hedges under GAAP, must be recorded in our income. This creates the risk of volatility in earnings even if no economic impact to us has
occurred during the applicable period. 

The impact of changes in market prices for natural gas, oil and NGLs on the average
prices paid or received by us may be reduced based on the level of our hedging activities. These hedging arrangements may limit or enhance our margins if the market prices for natural gas, oil or NGLs were to change substantially from the price
established by the hedges. In addition, our hedging arrangements expose us to the risk of financial loss if our production volumes are less than expected. 

The adoption and implementation of new statutory and regulatory requirements for derivative transactions could have an adverse impact on our ability to hedge risks associated with our business and
increase the working capital requirements to conduct these activities. 

In July 2010, federal legislation known as the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) was enacted. The Dodd-Frank Act provides for new statutory and regulatory requirements for derivative transactions, including oil and gas hedging
transactions. Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act provides for the creation of position limits for certain derivatives transactions, as well as requiring certain transactions to be cleared on exchanges for which cash collateral will be required.
The final impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on our hedging activities is uncertain at this time due to the requirement that the SEC and the Commodities Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”) promulgate rules and regulations implementing the new
legislation within 360 days from the date of enactment. These new rules and regulations could significantly increase the cost of derivative contracts, materially alter the terms of derivative contracts or reduce the availability of derivatives.
Although we believe the derivative contracts that we enter into should not be impacted by position limits and should be exempt from the requirement to clear transactions through a central exchange or to post collateral, the impact upon our
businesses will depend on the outcome of the implementing regulations adopted by the CFTC. 

Depending on the rules and
definitions adopted by the CFTC or similar rules that may be adopted by other regulatory bodies, we might in the future be required to provide cash collateral for our commodities hedging transactions under circumstances in which we do not currently
post cash collateral. Posting of such additional cash collateral could impact liquidity and reduce our cash available for capital expenditures. A requirement to post cash collateral could therefore reduce our ability to execute hedges to reduce
commodity price uncertainty and thus protect cash flows. If we reduce our use of derivatives as a result of the Dodd-Frank Act and regulations, our results of operations may become more volatile and our cash flows may be less predictable.

We are exposed to the credit risk of our customers and counterparties, and our credit risk management may not be adequate
to protect against such risk. 

We are subject to the risk of loss resulting from nonpayment and/or nonperformance by our
customers and counterparties in the ordinary course of our business. Our credit procedures and policies may not be adequate to fully eliminate customer and counterparty credit risk. We cannot predict to what extent our business would be

37 

Table of Contents

impacted by deteriorating conditions in the economy, including declines in our customers’ and counterparties’ creditworthiness. If we fail to adequately assess the creditworthiness of
existing or future customers and counterparties, unanticipated deterioration in their creditworthiness and any resulting increase in nonpayment and/or nonperformance by them could cause us to write-down or write-off doubtful accounts. Such
write-downs or write-offs could negatively affect our operating results in the periods in which they occur and, if significant, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

We face competition in acquiring new properties, marketing natural gas and oil and securing equipment and trained
personnel in the natural gas and oil industry. 

Our ability to acquire additional drilling locations and to find and
develop reserves in the future will depend on our ability to evaluate and select suitable properties and to consummate transactions in a highly competitive environment for acquiring properties, marketing natural gas and oil and securing equipment
and trained personnel. We may not be able to compete successfully in the future in acquiring prospective reserves, developing reserves, marketing hydrocarbons, attracting and retaining quality personnel and raising additional capital, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our operations are subject to operational hazards and unforeseen
interruptions for which they may not be adequately insured. 

There are operational risks associated with drilling for,
production, gathering, transporting, storage, processing and treating of natural gas and oil and the fractionation and storage of NGLs, including: 

•

 Hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, extreme weather conditions and other natural disasters; 

•

 Aging infrastructure and mechanical problems; 

•

 Damages to pipelines, pipeline blockages or other pipeline interruptions; 

•

 Uncontrolled releases of natural gas (including sour gas), oil, NGLs, brine or industrial chemicals; 

•

 Operator error; 

•

 Pollution and environmental risks; 

•

 Fires, explosions and blowouts; 

•

 Risks related to truck and rail loading and unloading; and 

•

 Terrorist attacks or threatened attacks on our facilities or those of other energy companies. 

Any of these risks could result in loss of human life, personal injuries, significant damage to property, environmental pollution,
impairment of our operations and substantial losses to us. In accordance with customary industry practice, we maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these risks and losses, and only at levels we believe to be appropriate. The location of
certain segments of our facilities in or near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites, could increase the level of damages resulting from these risks. In spite of our precautions, an event such
as those described above could cause considerable harm to people or property and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, particularly if the event is not fully covered by insurance. Accidents or
other operating risks could further result in loss of service available to our customers. 

We do not insure against all
potential losses and could be seriously harmed by unexpected liabilities or by the inability of our insurers to satisfy our claims. 

We are not fully insured against all risks inherent to our business, including environmental accidents. We do not maintain insurance in the type and amount to cover all possible risks of loss. 

38 

Table of Contents

We currently maintain excess liability insurance that covers us, our subsidiaries and
certain of our affiliates for legal and contractual liabilities arising out of bodily injury or property damage, including resulting loss of use to third parties. This excess liability insurance includes coverage for sudden and accidental pollution
liability. 

Although we maintain property insurance on certain physical assets that we own, lease or are responsible to
insure, the policy may not cover the full replacement cost of all damaged assets. In addition, certain perils may be excluded from coverage or sub-limited. We may not be able to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we desire at
reasonable rates. We may elect to self insure a portion of our risks. All of our insurance is subject to deductibles. If a significant accident or event occurs for which we are not fully insured it could adversely affect our operations and financial
condition. 

In addition, any insurance company that provides coverage to us may experience negative developments that could
impair their ability to pay any of our claims. As a result, we could be exposed to greater losses than anticipated and may have to obtain replacement insurance, if available, at a greater cost. 

Potential changes in accounting standards might cause us to revise our financial results and disclosures in the future, which might
change the way analysts measure our business or financial performance. 

Regulators and legislators continue to take a
renewed look at accounting practices, financial and reserves disclosures and companies’ relationships with their independent public accounting firms and reserves consultants. It remains unclear what new laws or regulations will be adopted, and
we cannot predict the ultimate impact of that any such new laws or regulations could have. In addition, the Financial Accounting Standards Board or the SEC could enact new accounting standards that might impact how we are required to record
revenues, expenses, assets, liabilities and equity. Any significant change in accounting standards or disclosure requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our investments and projects located outside of the United States expose us to risks related to the laws of other countries, and the
taxes, economic conditions, fluctuations in currency rates, political conditions and policies of foreign governments. These risks might delay or reduce our realization of value from our international projects. 

We currently own and might acquire and/or dispose of material energy-related investments and projects outside the United States,
principally in Argentina and Colombia. The economic, political and legal conditions and regulatory environment in the countries in which we have interests or in which we might pursue acquisition or investment opportunities present risks that are
different from or greater than those in the United States. These risks include delays in construction and interruption of business, as well as risks of war, expropriation, nationalization, renegotiation, trade sanctions or nullification of
existing contracts and changes in law or tax policy, including with respect to the prices we realize for the commodities we produce and sell. The uncertainty of the legal environment in certain foreign countries in which we develop or acquire
projects or make investments could make it more difficult to obtain nonrecourse project financing or other financing on suitable terms, could adversely affect the ability of certain customers to honor their obligations with respect to such projects
or investments and could impair our ability to enforce our rights under agreements relating to such projects or investments. 

Operations and investments in foreign countries also can present currency exchange rate and convertibility, inflation and repatriation
risk. In certain situations under which we develop or acquire projects or make investments, economic and monetary conditions and other factors could affect our ability to convert to U.S. dollars our earnings denominated in foreign currencies.
In addition, risk from fluctuations in currency exchange rates can arise when our foreign subsidiaries expend or borrow funds in one type of currency, but receive revenue in another. In such cases, an adverse change in exchange rates can reduce our
ability to meet expenses, including debt service obligations. We may or may not put contracts in place designed to mitigate our foreign currency exchange risks. We have some exposures that are not hedged and which could result in losses or
volatility in our results of operations. 

39 

Table of Contents

Our operating results might fluctuate on a seasonal and quarterly basis. 

Our revenues can have seasonal characteristics. In many parts of the country, demand for natural gas and other fuels peaks during the
winter. As a result, our overall operating results in the future might fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis. Demand for natural gas and other fuels could vary significantly from our expectations depending on the nature and location of our
facilities and the terms of our natural gas transportation arrangements relative to demand created by unusual weather patterns. 

Our debt agreements impose restrictions on us that may limit our access to credit and adversely affect our ability to operate our
business. 

Our Credit Facility contains various covenants that restrict or limit, among other things, our ability to grant
liens to support indebtedness, merge or sell substantially all of our assets, make investments, loans or advances and enter into certain hedging agreements, make certain distributions, incur additional debt and enter into certain affiliate
transactions. In addition, our Credit Facility contains financial covenants and other limitations with which we will need to comply and which may limit our ability to borrow under the facility. Similarly, the indenture governing the Notes restricts
our ability to grant liens to secure certain types of indebtedness and merge or sell substantially all of our assets. These covenants could adversely affect our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs or engage in, expand or pursue
our business activities and prevent us from engaging in certain transactions that might otherwise be considered beneficial to us. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic,
financial and industry conditions. If market or other economic conditions deteriorate, our current assumptions about future economic conditions turn out to be incorrect or unexpected events occur, our ability to comply with these covenants may be
significantly impaired. 

Our failure to comply with the covenants in our debt agreements could result in events of default.
Upon the occurrence of such an event of default, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under a particular facility to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments, if any, to extend further credit. Certain
payment defaults or an acceleration under one debt agreement could cause a cross-default or cross-acceleration of another debt agreement. Such a cross-default or cross-acceleration could have a wider impact on our liquidity than might otherwise
arise from a default or acceleration of a single debt instrument. If an event of default occurs, or if other debt agreements cross-default, and the lenders under the affected debt agreements accelerate the maturity of any loans or other debt
outstanding to us, we may not have sufficient liquidity to repay amounts outstanding under such debt agreements. 

Our ability
to repay, extend or refinance our debt obligations and to obtain future credit will depend primarily on our operating performance, which will be affected by general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, business and other
factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our ability to refinance our debt obligations or obtain future credit will also depend upon the current conditions in the credit markets and the availability of credit generally. If we are unable to
meet our debt service obligations or obtain future credit on favorable terms, if at all, we could be forced to restructure or refinance our indebtedness, seek additional equity capital or sell assets. We may be unable to obtain financing or sell
assets on satisfactory terms, or at all. 

Difficult conditions in the global capital markets, the credit markets and the
economy in general could negatively affect our business and results of operations. 

Our business may be negatively impacted
by adverse economic conditions or future disruptions in global financial markets. Included among these potential negative impacts are reduced energy demand and lower commodity prices, increased difficulty in collecting amounts owed to us by our
customers and reduced access to credit markets. Our ability to access the capital markets may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to raise financing. If financing is not available when needed, or is available only on unfavorable
terms, we may be unable to implement our business plans or otherwise take advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures. 

40 

Table of Contents

We are subject to risks associated with climate change. 

There is a growing belief that emissions of greenhouse gases (“GHGs”) may be linked to climate change. Climate change and the
costs that may be associated with its impacts and the regulation of GHGs have the potential to affect our business in many ways, including negatively impacting the costs we incur in providing our products and services, the demand for and consumption
of our products and services (due to change in both costs and weather patterns), and the economic health of the regions in which we operate, all of which can create financial risks. 

In addition, legislative and regulatory responses related to GHGs and climate change create the potential for financial risk. The
U.S. Congress has previously considered legislation and certain states have for some time been considering various forms of legislation related to GHG emissions. There have also been international efforts seeking legally binding reductions in
emissions of GHGs. In addition, increased public awareness and concern may result in more state, regional and/or federal requirements to reduce or mitigate GHG emissions. 

Numerous states have announced or adopted programs to stabilize and reduce GHGs. In addition, on December 7, 2009, the EPA issued a final determination that six GHGs are a threat to public safety and
welfare. Also in 2009, the EPA finalized a GHG emission standard for mobile sources. On September 22, 2009, the EPA finalized a GHG reporting rule that requires large sources of GHG emissions to monitor, maintain records on, and annually report
their GHG emissions. On November 8, 2010, the EPA also issued GHG monitoring and reporting regulations that went into effect on December 30, 2010, specifically for oil and natural gas facilities, including onshore and offshore oil and
natural gas production facilities that emit 25,000 metric tons or more of carbon dioxide equivalent per year. The rule requires reporting of GHG emissions by regulated facilities to the EPA by March 2012 for emissions during 2011 and annually
thereafter. We are required to report our GHG emissions to the EPA by March 2012 under this rule. The EPA also issued a final rule that makes certain stationary sources and newer modification projects subject to permitting requirements for GHG
emissions, beginning in 2011, under the CAA. Several of the EPA’s GHG rules are being challenged in pending court proceedings, and depending on the outcome of such proceedings, such rules may be modified or rescinded or the EPA could develop
new rules. 

The recent actions of the EPA and the passage of any federal or state climate change laws or regulations could
result in increased costs to (i) operate and maintain our facilities, (ii) install new emission controls on our facilities and (iii) administer and manage any GHG emissions program. If we are unable to recover or pass through a
significant level of our costs related to complying with climate change regulatory requirements imposed on us, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. To the extent financial markets view climate
change and GHG emissions as a financial risk, this could negatively impact our cost of and access to capital. Legislation or regulations that may be adopted to address climate change could also affect the markets for our products by making our
products more or less desirable than competing sources of energy. 

Our operations are subject to governmental laws and
regulations relating to the protection of the environment, which may expose us to significant costs and liabilities that could exceed current expectations. 

Substantial costs, liabilities, delays and other significant issues could arise from environmental laws and regulations inherent in drilling and well completion, gathering, transportation, and storage,
and we may incur substantial costs and liabilities in the performance of these types of operations. Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations governing environmental protection, the discharge of materials
into the environment and the security of chemical and industrial facilities. These laws include: 

•

 Clean Air Act (“CAA”) and analogous state laws, which impose obligations related to air emissions; 

•

 Clean Water Act (“CWA”), and analogous state laws, which regulate discharge of wastewaters and storm water from some our facilities into
state and federal waters, including wetlands; 

41 

Table of Contents

•

 Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (“CERCLA”), and analogous state laws, which regulate the cleanup of
hazardous substances that may have been released at properties currently or previously owned or operated by us or locations to which we have sent wastes for disposal; 

•

 Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (“RCRA”), and analogous state laws, which impose requirements for the handling and discharge of solid
and hazardous waste from our facilities; 

•

 National Environmental Policy Act (“NEPA”), which requires federal agencies to study likely environment impacts of a proposed federal action
before it is approved, such as drilling on federal lands; 

•

 Safe Drinking Water Act (“SDWA”), which restricts the disposal, treatment or release of water produced or used during oil and gas
development; 

•

 Endangered Species Act (“ESA”), and analogous state laws, which seek to ensure that activities do not jeopardize endangered or threatened
animals, fish and plant species, nor destroy or modify the critical habitat of such species; and 

•

 Oil Pollution Act (“OPA”) of 1990, which requires oil storage facilities and vessels to submit to the federal government plans detailing how
they will respond to large discharges, requires updates to technology and equipment, regulation of above ground storage tanks and sets forth liability for spills by responsible parties. 

Various governmental authorities, including the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”), the U.S. Department of
the Interior, the Bureau of Indian Affairs and analogous state agencies and tribal governments, have the power to enforce compliance with these laws and regulations and the permits issued under them, oftentimes requiring difficult and costly
actions. Failure to comply with these laws, regulations and permits may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal penalties, the imposition of remedial obligations, the imposition of stricter conditions on or revocation of
permits, the issuance of injunctions limiting or preventing some or all of our operations, delays in granting permits and cancellation of leases. 

There is inherent risk of the incurrence of environmental costs and liabilities in our business, some of which may be material, due to the handling of our products as they are gathered, transported,
processed and stored, air emissions related to our operations, historical industry operations, and water and waste disposal practices. Joint and several, strict liability may be incurred without regard to fault under certain environmental laws and
regulations, including CERCLA, RCRA and analogous state laws, for the remediation of contaminated areas and in connection with spills or releases of natural gas, oil and wastes on, under, or from our properties and facilities. Private parties may
have the right to pursue legal actions to enforce compliance as well as to seek damages for non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations or for personal injury or property damage arising from our operations. Some sites at which we operate
are located near current or former third-party oil and natural gas operations or facilities, and there is a risk that contamination has migrated from those sites to ours. In addition, increasingly strict laws, regulations and enforcement policies
could materially increase our compliance costs and the cost of any remediation that may become necessary. Our insurance may not cover all environmental risks and costs or may not provide sufficient coverage if an environmental claim is made against
us. 

In March 2010, the EPA announced its National Enforcement Initiatives for 2011 to 2013, which includes the addition of
“Energy Extraction Activities” to its enforcement priorities list. To address its concerns regarding the pollution risks raised by new techniques for oil and gas extraction and coal mining, the EPA is developing an initiative to ensure
that energy extraction activities are complying with federal environmental requirements. This initiative could involve a large scale investigation of our facilities and processes, and could lead to potential enforcement actions, penalties or
injunctive relief against us. 

Our business may be adversely affected by increased costs due to stricter pollution control
equipment requirements or liabilities resulting from non-compliance with required operating or other regulatory permits. 

42 

Table of Contents

Also, we might not be able to obtain or maintain from time to time all required environmental regulatory approvals for our operations. If there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental
regulatory approvals, or if we fail to obtain and comply with them, the operation or construction of our facilities could be prevented or become subject to additional costs. 

We are generally responsible for all liabilities associated with the environmental condition of our facilities and assets, whether acquired or developed, regardless of when the liabilities arose and
whether they are known or unknown. In connection with certain acquisitions and divestitures, we could acquire, or be required to provide indemnification against, environmental liabilities that could expose us to material losses, which may not be
covered by insurance. In addition, the steps we could be required to take to bring certain facilities into compliance could be prohibitively expensive, and we might be required to shut down, divest or alter the operation of those facilities, which
might cause us to incur losses. 

We make assumptions and develop expectations about possible expenditures related to
environmental conditions based on current laws and regulations and current interpretations of those laws and regulations. If the interpretation of laws or regulations, or the laws and regulations themselves, change, our assumptions may change, and
any new capital costs may be incurred to comply with such changes. In addition, new environmental laws and regulations might adversely affect our products and activities, including drilling, processing, storage and transportation, as well as waste
management and air emissions. For instance, federal and state agencies could impose additional safety requirements, any of which could affect our profitability. 

Our exploration and production operations outside the United States are subject to various types of regulations similar to those described above imposed by the governments of the countries in which we
operate, and may affect our operations and costs within those countries. 

Legislation and regulatory initiatives relating
to hydraulic fracturing could result in increased costs and additional operating restrictions or delays. 

Legislation has
been introduced in the United States Congress called the Fracturing Responsibility and Awareness of Chemicals Act (the “FRAC Act”) to amend the SDWA to eliminate an existing exemption for hydraulic fracturing activities from the definition
of “underground injection” and require federal permitting and regulatory control of hydraulic fracturing, as well as require disclosure of the chemical constituents of the fluids used in the fracturing process. Hydraulic fracturing
involves the injection of water, sand and additives under pressure into rock formations in order to stimulate natural gas production. We find that the use of hydraulic fracturing is necessary to produce commercial quantities of natural gas and oil
from many reservoirs. If adopted, this legislation could establish an additional level of regulation and permitting at the federal level, and could make it easier for third parties opposed to the hydraulic fracturing process to initiate legal
proceedings based on allegations that specific chemicals used in the fracturing process could adversely affect the environment, including groundwater, soil or surface water. At this time, it is not clear what action, if any, the United States
Congress will take on the FRAC Act. Scrutiny of hydraulic fracturing activities continues in other ways, with the EPA having commenced a multi-year study of the potential environmental impacts of hydraulic fracturing, the initial results of which
are anticipated to be available by late 2012. On October 21, 2011, the EPA announced its intention to propose regulations by 2014 under the CWA to regulate wastewater discharges from hydraulic fracturing and other natural gas production. In
addition to the EPA study, the Shale Gas Subcommittee of the Secretary of Energy Advisory Board issued a report on hydraulic fracturing in August 2011, which includes recommendations to address concerns related to hydraulic fracturing and shale gas
production, including but not limited to conducting additional field studies on possible methane leakage from shale gas wells to water reservoirs and adopting new rules and enforcement practices to protect drinking and surface waters. The
U.S. Government Accountability Office is also examining the environmental impacts of produced water and the White House Counsel for Environmental Quality has been petitioned by environmental groups to develop a programmatic environmental impact
statement under NEPA for hydraulic fracturing. Several states have also adopted or considered legislation requiring the disclosure of fracturing fluids and other restrictions on hydraulic 

43 

Table of Contents

fracturing, including states in which we operate (e.g., Wyoming, Pennsylvania, Texas, Colorado, North Dakota and New Mexico). The U.S. Department of the Interior is also considering
disclosure requirements or other mandates for hydraulic fracturing on federal land, which, if adopted, would affect our operations on federal lands. If new federal or state laws or regulations that significantly restrict hydraulic fracturing are
adopted, such legal requirements could result in delays, eliminate certain drilling and injection activities, make it more difficult or costly for us to perform fracturing and increase our costs of compliance and doing business as well as delay or
prevent the development of unconventional gas resources from shale formations which are not commercial without the use of hydraulic fracturing. 

Our ability to produce gas could be impaired if we are unable to acquire adequate supplies of water for our drilling and completion operations or are unable to dispose of the water we use at a
reasonable cost and within applicable environmental rules. 

Our inability to locate sufficient amounts of water, or dispose
of or recycle water used in our exploration and production operations, could adversely impact our operations, particularly with respect to our Marcellus Shale, San Juan Basin, Bakken Shale and Piceance Basin operations. Moreover, the imposition
of new environmental initiatives and regulations could include restrictions on our ability to conduct certain operations such as hydraulic fracturing or disposal of waste, including, but not limited to, produced water, drilling fluids and other
wastes associated with the exploration, development or production of natural gas. The CWA imposes restrictions and strict controls regarding the discharge of produced waters and other natural gas and oil waste into navigable waters. Permits must be
obtained to discharge pollutants to waters and to conduct construction activities in waters and wetlands. The CWA and similar state laws provide for civil, criminal and administrative penalties for any unauthorized discharges of pollutants and
unauthorized discharges of reportable quantities of oil and other hazardous substances. Many state discharge regulations and the Federal National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System general permits issued by the EPA prohibit the discharge of
produced water and sand, drilling fluids, drill cuttings and certain other substances related to the natural gas and oil industry into coastal waters. The EPA has also adopted regulations requiring certain natural gas and oil exploration and
production facilities to obtain permits for storm water discharges. In addition, on October 21, 2011, the EPA announced its intention to propose regulations by 2014 under the CWA to regulate wastewater discharges from hydraulic fracturing and
other natural gas production. Compliance with current and future environmental regulations and permit requirements governing the withdrawal, storage and use of surface water or groundwater necessary for hydraulic fracturing of wells may increase our
operating costs and cause delays, interruptions or termination of our operations, the extent of which cannot be predicted. 

Legal and regulatory proceedings and investigations relating to the energy industry, and the complex government regulations to which
our businesses are subject, have adversely affected our business and may continue to do so. The operation of our businesses might also be adversely affected by changes in regulations or in their interpretation or implementation, or the introduction
of new laws, regulations or permitting requirements applicable to our businesses or our customers. 

Public and regulatory
scrutiny of the energy industry has resulted in increased regulations being either proposed or implemented. Adverse effects may continue as a result of the uncertainty of ongoing inquiries, investigations and court proceedings, or additional
inquiries and proceedings by federal or state regulatory agencies or private plaintiffs. In addition, we cannot predict the outcome of any of these inquiries or whether these inquiries will lead to additional legal proceedings against us, civil or
criminal fines or penalties, or other regulatory action, including legislation or increased permitting requirements. Current legal proceedings or other matters against us, including environmental matters, suits, regulatory appeals, challenges to our
permits by citizen groups and similar matters, might result in adverse decisions against us. The result of such adverse decisions, either individually or in the aggregate, could be material and may not be covered fully or at all by insurance.

In addition, existing regulations might be revised or reinterpreted, new laws, regulations and permitting requirements might
be adopted or become applicable to us, our facilities, our customers, our vendors or our 

44 

Table of Contents

service providers, and future changes in laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For example, several ruptures
on third party pipelines have occurred recently. In response, various legislative and regulatory reforms associated with pipeline safety and integrity have been proposed, including new regulations covering gathering pipelines that have not
previously been subject to regulation. Such reforms, if adopted, could significantly increase our costs. 

Certain of our