;
 Part II, Item 7, 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

under the caption 
Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources; 
Part II, Item 7A, 
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

;
 Note 1, 
Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

under the captions 
Financial Instruments
 and 
Foreign Currency Translation; 
and Note 11, 
Derivative Financial Instruments

.

Raw Materials

We use three primary raw materials in the manufacture of our products: elastomers, aluminum and plastic. Elastomers include both synthetic and natural materials. We currently have access to adequate supplies of these raw materials to meet our production needs through robust agreements with suppliers, supported by a dedicated supplier performance and supplier relationship management framework. We are required to carry significant amounts of inventory to meet customer requirements, which is managed using a critical material planning process within supply chain. In addition, some of our supply agreements require us to purchase inventory in bulk orders, which increases inventory levels but decreases the risk of supply interruption.

We employ a supply chain management strategy in our business segments, which involves purchasing from integrated suppliers that control their own sources of supply. Due to quality and regulatory control over our production processes, single source availability, and the quality and regulatory burden required in qualifying suppliers, we rely on single-source suppliers for certain critical raw materials. In such circumstances, we deploy a range of cross-functional resources to manage the existing supplier relationship and to profile and manage the supply disruption risk. We purchase certain raw materials in the open commodities market and therefore the results of our operations may be affected by price fluctuations. This strategy increases the risk that our supply chain may be interrupted in the event of a supplier production or distribution problem. These risks are managed, when and where possible, by selecting suppliers with multiple manufacturing sites, rigorous quality control systems, surplus inventory levels and other methods of maintaining supply in case of an interruption in production or distribution. Heightened inflation may result in unfavorable conditions, inclusive of an increase in raw material cost. To date, we have been able to manage these conditions without significant disruption to our business.

While we work closely with our suppliers, no assurance can be given that these efforts will be successful, and there may be events that cause supply interruption, reduction or termination that adversely impact our ability to manufacture and sell certain products. See further discussion of the risks related to the supply chain and raw materials in Item 1A. 
Risk Factors

.

Intellectual Property

Our intellectual property, including patents, patent applications, trademarks, copyrights, know-how and trade secrets, is important to our business. We own or license intellectual property rights, including know-how and issued patents and pending patent applications in the U.S. and in other countries, which relate to various aspects of our business. Certain key value-added and proprietary products and processes are exclusively licensed from Daikyo. We believe, however, that neither our business nor any business segment is wholly dependent on a single intellectual property asset, license, or technology, by itself. 

5

Government Regulation

Our business activities are global and are subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws, rules, and regulations to healthcare, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, anti-corruption, export control, product safety and efficacy, employment, privacy and other areas. The design, development, manufacturing, marketing and labeling of certain of our products and our customers’ products that incorporate our products are subject to regulation by governmental authorities in the U.S., Europe and other countries, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”), the European Medicines Agency and the National Medical Products Administration (China). Regulatory authorities, including regulatory review and oversight, can impact on the time and cost associated with the development and continued availability of our products, and they have the authority to take various administrative and legal actions against West. Compliance with existing and forthcoming laws and regulations can be costly and time-consuming, and may require changes to our information technologies, systems and practices.

Changes in tax policy or trade regulations, or the imposition of new tariffs on imported products, could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Compliance with these laws, rules and regulations did not require material capital expenditures in 2025 and is not expected to have a material effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations and competitive position in 2026. For more information on the potential impacts of government regulations affecting our business, see "Item 1A. 
Risk Factors

.
" There were no required material capital expenditures for adherence to our government-led regulatory standards in our facilities in 2025 outside the normal course of business, and there are currently no needed or planned material expenditures for 2026.

West is also subject to various federal and state laws, and laws outside the United States, concerning fraud and abuse, global anti-corruption, and export control. Many of the agencies enforcing these laws have increased their enforcement actions with respect to healthcare manufacturers in recent years. We remain committed as a company to comply with all laws and regulations applicable to our business. 

Environmental Regulations

We are subject to various national, state and local provisions regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment. Our compliance with these laws and regulations has not had a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. There were no required material capital expenditures for environmental controls in our facilities in 2025 and there are currently no needed or planned material expenditures for 2026.

Marketing

Our Proprietary Products customers primarily include many of the major biologic, generic, and pharmaceutical drug companies in the world, which incorporate our components and other offerings into their injectable products for distribution to the point of care and ultimate end-user, the patient. Our Contract-Manufactured Products customers include many of the world’s largest pharmaceutical, diagnostic, and medical device companies. Contract-Manufactured Products components generally are incorporated into our customers’ manufacturing lines for further processing or assembly. Our products and services are sold and distributed primarily through our own sales force and distribution network, with limited use of contract sales agents and regional distributors. 

Our ten largest customers accounted for 47.6% of our consolidated net sales in 2025, and one of these customers individually accounted for more than 10% of consolidated net sales, at 15.8% or $485.9 million, contributing to net sales in both the Proprietary and Contract Manufacturing reporting segments. Please refer to Note 3, 
Revenue

, and Note 19, 
Segment Information

, for additional information on our consolidated net sales.

Competition

With our range of proprietary technologies, we compete with several companies, such as Datwyler and Aptar, across our Proprietary Products product lines. Competition for these components is based primarily on product design and performance, quality, regulatory compliance, and scientific expertise, along with total cost.

In addition, there are a number of competitors supplying medical devices and medical device components, including a number of pharmaceutical manufacturers who are also potential customers of our medical devices and components. We compete in this market on the basis of our reputation for quality and reliability in engineering and project management, as well as our knowledge of, and experience in, compliance with regulatory requirements.

6

We have specialized knowledge of container closure components, which is integral to developing delivery systems. With our range of proprietary technologies, we compete with new and established companies in the area of drug delivery devices, including suppliers of prefillable syringes, auto-injectors, safety needles, and other proprietary systems.

We seek to differentiate ourselves from our competition by serving as a global supplier of integrated drug containment and delivery systems that can provide pre-approval primary packaging support and engineering development, analytical lab services and integrated solutions, regulatory expertise, and after-sale technical support. Customers also appreciate the global scope of our manufacturing capability and our ability to produce many products at multiple sites.

Our Contract-Manufactured Products business operates in very competitive markets for its products. The competition for device manufacturing varies from smaller regional companies such as SMC Ltd. to large global assembly manufacturers such as Phillips Medisize. Given the cost pressures they face, many of our customers look to reduce costs by sourcing from low-cost locations. We seek to differentiate ourselves by leveraging our global capabilities and reputation and by employing new technologies such as high-speed automated assembly, insert-molding, multi-shot precision molding, expertise with multiple-piece closure systems, and more recently scalable drug packaging and assembly solutions, which expands our competitive set to include CMO’s such as Sharp and PCI Pharma Services.

Research and Development Activities

We maintain our own research-scale production facilities and laboratories for developing new products and offer contract engineering design and development services to assist customers with new product development. Our quality control, regulatory and laboratory testing capabilities are used to ensure compliance with applicable manufacturing and regulatory standards for primary and secondary pharmaceutical packaging components and drug delivery systems. Technological advances and scientific discoveries have accelerated the pace of change in primary packaging, drug delivery and administration technologies.

Commercial development of our new products and services for medical and pharmaceutical applications commonly requires several years. New products that we develop may require separate approval as medical devices, and products that are intended to be used in the packaging and delivery of pharmaceutical products are subject to both customer acceptance of our products and regulatory approval of the customers' products following our development period.

We continue to pursue strategic initiatives in drug containment components, integrated drug containment systems, novel drug delivery devices, novel therapeutic experiences and administration systems.

We also continue to seek new innovative opportunities for acquisition, licensing, partnering or development of products, services and technologies.

Human Ca
pital
 Management

Our People

As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 10,800 people, excluding contractors and temporary workers, in our operations throughout the world. 
The following table presents the approximate
 percentage of our employees by region: 

North America

43%

Europe

42%

Asia Pacific

12%

South America

3%

Total 

100%

7

As of December 31, 2025, the following table presents the approximate percentage of our employees by function: 

Proprietary Products

73%

Contract-Manufactured Products

17%

Corporate

10%

Total

100%

As of December 31, 2025, approximately 37% of our full-time employees were female.

Training, Compliance and Talent Development

We strongly encourage our team members to engage in continuous learning and provide development opportunities to strengthen individual skills and gain new experiences with the goal to build talent from within. We offer resources such as our tuition reimbursement program and our online learning catalog, with more than 50,000 courses available. We centrally manage and organize on-the-job training, instructor-led trainings and online trainings in many different languages and topics through our global Learning Management System.

Our team members live our values (Passion for Customer, Leadership in Quality and One West Team) as they work together to support our mission to improve patients' lives. West’s Code of Conduct, available in multiple languages on westpharma.com, provides guidance to our team members on appropriate and ethical conduct. 

Our focus on talent acquisition, performance management, resource planning and management development is strongly aligned with our inclusion, collaboration, and innovation strategies, all of which lead to more opportunities, better access to talent and stronger business performance. 

Compensation and Benefits

West is committed to providing fair and competitive compensation and benefits programs to attract, retain and reward high-performing team members at all levels. We offer a comprehensive total rewards program to support the health, financial and home-life needs of our team members. Total Rewards at West are defined as the value of the Compensation and Benefits programs offered to employees, which aim to reflect the value of the job and the contribution of the individual, while linking employees’ performance to business and personal results. Based on country of employment, West may provide health care and retirement savings programs as well as paid time off, flexible work schedules, a Global Employee Assistance Program and an Employee Stock Purchase Program. 

Health, Safety and Wellness

The health and safety of our team members has always been both a top priority and a cultural value. West's commitment to the safety of our teams starts at the top and is driven throughout our business by every level of management and by every team member across the globe. West has a Health, Safety, and Environment ("HSE") Governance Council consisting of West Leadership Team members and executive operations leaders to monitor and support our HSE process. West’s global HSE team is also a critical component in leading the safety efforts at our sites. Each manufacturing location has dedicated and trained HSE professionals, responsible for general safety oversight and regulatory compliance at the site. Through our SEE-DO-SAY program, we train, empower, and expect our team members to proactively identify and mitigate risk before an incident occurs. Our HSE and employee well-being can also be seen in our focus on quality implementation of proactive Leading Indicator programs and metrics, and team-member-led Hazard Identification programs that help to drive improved Lagging Indicator performance. 

8

Corporate Sustainability Commitment

West has been committed to sustainability topics for many years. During 2025, our focus was navigating a dynamic compliance environment, given the increased requirements and uncertainty surrounding regulations such as the EU Deforestation Regulation, and on advancing our long-term strategic priorities. Our sustainability team, which is led by our General Counsel, includes cross-functional collaboration and has been working with executive leadership, our board and other stakeholders to enhance our sustainability framework and ensure alignment with our corporate mission, vision and values. Our long-term strategic priorities include focus on talent attraction, retention and engagement; a climate and greenhouse gas ("GHG") reduction strategy that incorporates renewable energy and reduced absolute emissions; developing a more sustainable and responsible supply chain; research and development that begins to incorporate sustainability; and, reducing waste to landfill and lowering water intensity in our operational processes. These areas of focus are in addition to our commitments to safety, quality, business continuity, and business compliance and integrity. Additionally, our philanthropic programs are an essential element of our corporate citizenship especially as we focus on the areas of children’s health; access to healthcare; and science, technology, engineering and math education. We have expanded our philanthropic scope to include more sustainability related initiatives. We solicit input from a variety of stakeholders including employees, customers, and suppliers on ways to improve in these and other sustainability areas and see continued progress in these areas as critical to maintaining an engaged and responsible workforce.

Available Information

We maintain a website at 
www.westpharma.com
. Our Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) are available on our website under the 
Investors - Financial 
caption as soon as reasonably practical after we electronically file the material with, or furnish it to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). These filings are also available to the public over the Internet at the SEC’s website, 
www.sec.gov
. 

In Part III of this Form 10-K, we incorporate by reference certain information from parts of other documents filed with the SEC and from our Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (“2026 Proxy Statement”), which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our 2025 fiscal year. Our 2026 Proxy Statement will be available on our website under the caption 
Investors - Financial - Annual Reports & Proxy 
when complete.

Information about our corporate governance, including our Corporate Governance Principles and Code of Conduct, as well as information about our Directors, Board Committees, Committee Charters, and instructions on how to contact the Board, is available on our website under the 
Investors - Corporate Governance 
heading. We intend to make any required disclosures regarding any amendments of our Code of Conduct under the caption 
Investors - Corporate Governance 
on our website. Information relating to the West Pharmaceutical Services Dividend Reinvestment Plan is also available on our website under the 
Investors - Transfer Agent
 caption. 

Information on our website does not constitute part of this document.

We will provide any of the foregoing information without charge upon written request to our Corporate Secretary, West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc., 530 Herman O. West Drive, Exton, PA 19341.

9



Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider and carefully read all of the risks and uncertainties described below, as well as other information included in this Annual Report and in our other public filings. The risks described below are not the only ones facing us. The occurrence of any of the following risks or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your original investment. This Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements and estimates that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks and uncertainties described below. 

Our disclosure and analysis in this Form 10-K contains some forward-looking statements that are based on management’s beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. We also provide forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public as well as oral forward-looking statements. Such statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future events. They do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. We have attempted, wherever possible, to identify forward-looking statements by using words such as “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “believe,” “plan,” “anticipate” and other words and phrases of similar meaning. In particular, these include statements relating to future actions, business plans and prospects, new products, future performance or results of current or anticipated products, sales efforts, expenses, interest rates, foreign exchange rates, economic effects, the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings, and financial results. 

Many of the factors that will determine our future results are beyond our ability to control or predict. Achievement of future results is subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties, including, without limitation, the risks set forth below. Therefore, actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. You should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements.

Unless required by applicable securities law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. We also refer you to further disclosures we make on related subjects in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K to the SEC.

Global and Economic Risks

Global economic conditions, including inflation and supply chain disruptions, could adversely affect our operations.

General global economic downturns and macroeconomic trends, including heightened inflation, capital market volatility, interest rate and currency rate fluctuations, and economic slowdown or recession, may result in unfavorable conditions. Those conditions could negatively affect demand for our products due to customers decreasing their inventories in the near-term or long-term, reduction in sales due to raw material shortages, reduction in research and development efforts, our inability to sufficiently hedge raw material costs, insolvency of suppliers or customers, and exacerbate some of the other risks that affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Unauthorized access to our or our customers’ information and systems could negatively impact our business.

Our systems and networks, as well as those of our customers, suppliers, service providers, and banks, have and may in the future become the target of cyberattacks or information security breaches which, in turn, could result in the unauthorized release and misuse of confidential or proprietary information about our company, our employees or our customers, as well as disrupt our operations or damage our facilities or those of third parties. Additionally, our systems are subject to regulation to preserve the privacy of certain data held on those systems. We maintain an extensive network of technical security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms and monitoring systems, in order to address these threats. While these measures are designed to prevent, detect and respond to unauthorized activity in our systems, certain types of attacks could result in financial or information losses and/or reputational harm. If we cannot comply with regulations or prevent the unauthorized access, release and/or corruption of our or our customers’ confidential, classified or personally identifiable information, our reputation could be damaged, and/or we could face financial losses.

10

We may also be required to incur additional costs to modify or enhance our systems, or to try to prevent or remediate any such attacks. Modifying or enhancing our systems may result in unanticipated or prolonged disruption events, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and/or results of operations.

We are a global company with significant revenues and earnings generated internationally, which exposes us to the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and tariffs, as well as political and economic risks.

A significant portion of our net sales and earnings are generated internationally. Sales outside of the U.S. accounted for 56.7% of our consolidated net sales in 2025 and we anticipate that sales from international operations will continue to represent a significant portion of our net sales in the future. In addition, many of our manufacturing facilities and suppliers are located outside of the U.S. and we intend to continue our expansion into emerging and/or faster-growing international markets. Our foreign operations subject us to certain commercial, political and financial risks. Our business in these foreign markets is subject to general political conditions, including any political instability (such as those resulting from war, terrorism and insurrections) and general economic conditions in these markets, such as inflation, deflation, interest rate volatility and credit availability. Additionally, a number of factors, including U.S. relations with the governments of the foreign countries in which we operate, tariffs or other restrictions imposed on foreign imports by the U.S. and related countermeasures taken by impacted foreign countries, changes to international trade agreements and treaties, increases in trade protectionism, or the weakening or loss of certain intellectual property protection rights in some countries, may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Foreign regulatory requirements, including those related to the testing, authorization, and labeling of products and import or export licensing requirements, could affect the availability of our products in these markets.

In addition to risks associated with general political conditions, our international operations are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The functional currency for most of our foreign operations is the applicable local currency. As a result, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates affect the results of our operations and the value of our foreign assets and liabilities, which in turn may adversely affect results of operations and cash flows and the comparability of period-to-period results of operations. Foreign governmental policies and actions regarding currency valuation could result in actions by the United States and other countries to offset the effects of such fluctuations. Given the unpredictability and volatility of foreign currency exchange rates, ongoing or unusual volatility may adversely impact our business and financial conditions. 

In order to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, we have entered, and expect to continue to enter, into hedging arrangements, including the use of financial derivatives. There can be no certainty that we will be able to enter into or maintain hedges of these currency risks, or that our hedges will be effective, which could have a significant effect on our financial condition and operating results.

In addition, our international operations are governed by the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar foreign anti-corruption laws. Global enforcement of anti-corruption laws has increased substantially in recent years, with more enforcement proceedings by U.S. and foreign governmental agencies and the imposition of significant fines and penalties. While we have implemented policies and procedures relating to compliance with these laws, our international operations create the risk that there may be unauthorized payments or offers of payments made by employees, consultants, sales agents or distributors. Any alleged or actual violations of these laws may subject us to government investigations and significant criminal or civil sanctions and other liabilities and negatively affect our reputation.

We are exposed to credit risk on accounts receivable and certain prepayments made in the normal course of business. This risk is heightened during periods when economic conditions worsen.

A substantial majority of our outstanding trade receivables are not covered by collateral or credit insurance. In addition, we have made prepayments and other advances in the normal course of business. While we have procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk on trade receivables and other current assets, there can be no assurance such procedures will effectively limit our credit risk and avoid losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results.

11

Unstable market and economic conditions and adverse developments with respect to financial institutions and associated liquidity risk may have serious adverse consequences on our business and financial condition.

Potential future disruptions in access to bank deposits or lending commitments due to bank failure could materially and adversely affect our liquidity, our business and financial condition. Even with our continued effort to mitigate counterparty risk by working with highly liquid, well capitalized counterparties, the failure of any bank in which we deposit our funds could reduce the amount of cash we have available for our operations or delay our ability to access such funds. Any such failure may increase the possibility of a sustained deterioration of financial market liquidity, or illiquidity at clearing, cash management and/or custodial financial institutions. In the event we have a commercial relationship with a bank that has failed or is otherwise distressed, we may experience delays or other issues in meeting our financial obligations. If other banks and financial institutions enter receivership or become insolvent in the future in response to financial conditions affecting the banking system and financial markets, our ability to access our cash and cash equivalents and investments may be threatened and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

Industry Risks

Our sales and profitability are largely dependent on the sale of drug products delivered by injection and the packaging of drug products. If the drug products developed by our customers in the future use another delivery system or are reconfigured to require less frequent dosing, our sales and profitability could suffer. 

Our business depends to a substantial extent on customers’ continued sales and development of products that are delivered by injection, such as GLP-1s. If (i) our customers fail to continue to sell, develop and deploy injectable products and opt for products delivered via alternative means, such as oral GLP-1s; (ii) our customers reconfigure their drug product or develop new drug products requiring less frequent dosing; or (iii) we are unable to develop new products that assist in the delivery of drugs by alternative methods, our sales and profitability may suffer. 

If we are unable to provide comparative value advantages, timely fulfill customer orders, or resist pricing pressure, we will have to reduce our prices, which may reduce our profit margins. 

We compete with several companies across our major product lines. Because of the special nature of these products, competition is based primarily on product design and performance, although total cost is becoming increasingly important as pharmaceutical companies continue with aggressive cost-control programs across their operations. 

Companies often compete on the basis of price. We aim to differentiate ourselves from our competition by being a “full-service, value-added” global supplier that is able to provide pre-sale compatibility studies, engineering support, and other services and sophisticated post-sale technical support on a global basis. However, we face continued pricing pressure from our customers and competitors. If we are unable to resist or offset the effects of continued pricing pressure through our value-added services, improved operating efficiencies and reduced expenditures, or if we have to reduce our prices, our sales and profitability may suffer. 

Consolidation in the pharmaceutical and healthcare industries could adversely affect our future revenues and operating income.

The pharmaceutical and healthcare industries continue to experience a significant amount of consolidation. As a result of this consolidation, competition to provide goods and services to customers has increased. In addition, group purchasing organizations and integrated health delivery networks have served to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, which has placed pricing pressure on suppliers. Further consolidation within the industries we serve could exert additional pressure on the prices of our products. 

12

The medical technology industry is very competitive and customer requests and/or new products in the marketplace could cause a reduction in demand. 

The medical technology industry is subject to rapid technological changes, and we face significant competition across our product lines and in each market in which our products are sold. We face this competition from a wide range of companies, including large medical device companies, some of which have greater financial and marketing resources than we do. We also face competition from firms that are more specialized than we are with respect to particular markets. In some instances, competitors, including pharmaceutical companies, also offer, or are attempting to develop, alternative therapies for diseases that may be delivered via their own, or without, a medical device. The development of new or improved products, processes or technologies by other companies (such as needle-free injection technology) may reduce customer demand for our products or render some of our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive. In addition, any failure or inability to meet increased customer quality expectations or to develop innovative products that address our customers' requests could cause a reduction in demand.

Business and Operational Risks

Disruption in our manufacturing facilities could have a material adverse effect on our ability to make and sell products and have a negative impact on our reputation, performance or financial condition.

We have manufacturing sites throughout the world. In some instances, however, the manufacturing of certain product lines is concentrated in one or only a few of our plants. The functioning of our manufacturing and distribution assets and systems could be disrupted for reasons either within or beyond our control, including, without limitation: extreme weather, water scarcity and other longer-term climatic changes; natural or man-made disasters; pandemic; war; accidental damage; disruption to the supply of material or services; product quality and safety issues; power outages; systems failure; workforce actions; or environmental matters. There is a risk that incident management systems in place may prove inadequate and that any disruption may materially adversely affect our ability to make and sell products and therefore, materially adversely affect our reputation, performance or financial condition. 

Our international sales and operations are subject to risks and uncertainties that vary by country and which could have a material adverse effect on our business and/or results of operations. 

We conduct business in most of the major pharmaceutical markets in the world. Our international operations and our ability to implement our overall business strategy (including our plan to continue expanding into emerging and/or faster-growing markets outside of the U.S.) are subject to risks and uncertainties that can vary by country, and include: transportation delays and interruptions; political and economic instability and disruptions; imposition of duties and tariffs; import and export controls; the risks of divergent business expectations or cultural incompatibility inherent in establishing and maintaining operations in foreign countries; difficulties in staffing and managing multi-national operations; labor strikes and/or disputes; and potentially adverse tax consequences. Limitations on our ability to enforce legal rights and remedies with third parties or our joint venture partners outside of the U.S. could also create exposure. In addition, we may not be able to operate in compliance with foreign laws and regulations, or comply with applicable customs, currency exchange control regulations, transfer pricing regulations or any other laws or regulations to which we may be subject, in the event that these laws or regulations change. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our international operations in the future by reducing the demand for our products or decreasing the prices at which we can sell our products or otherwise have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Disruptions in the supply of key raw materials could adversely impact our operations. 

We generally purchase our raw materials and supplies required for the production of our products in the open market. For reasons of quality assurance, sole source availability or cost effectiveness, many components and raw materials are available and/or purchased only from a single supplier. Due to the stringent regulations and requirements of the FDA and other regulatory authorities regarding the manufacture of our products and the availability of such raw materials, we may not be able to quickly establish additional or replacement sources for these components or raw materials or do so without excessive cost. As a result, a reduction or interruption in supply, or an inability to secure alternative sources of raw materials or components, could have a material adverse effect on our business and/or results of operations.

13

Raw material and energy prices have a significant impact on our profitability. If raw material and/or energy prices increase, and we cannot pass those price increases on to our customers, our profitability and financial condition may suffer. 

We use three basic raw materials in the manufacture of our products: elastomers (which include synthetic and natural material), aluminum and plastic. In addition, our manufacturing facilities consume a wide variety of energy products to fuel, heat and cool our operations. The price and supply of these materials and energy sources are cyclical and volatile and may be impacted or disrupted for reasons beyond our control, including supplier shutdowns, supplier capacity constraints, transportation delays, inflationary pricing pressures, work stoppages, labor shortages, geopolitical developments and governmental regulatory actions. 

For example, the prices of certain commodities, particularly petroleum-based raw materials, have in the recent past exhibited rapid changes, affecting the cost of synthetic elastomers and plastic. While we generally attempt to pass along increased costs to our customers in the form of sales price increases, historically there has been a time delay between raw material and/or energy price increases and our ability to increase the prices of our products. In some circumstances, we may not be able to increase the prices of our products due to competitive pressure and other factors. If we are unable to pass along increased raw material prices and energy costs to our customers, our profitability, and thus our financial condition, may be adversely affected.

If we are not timely or successful in new-product innovation or the development and commercialization of proprietary multi-component systems, our future revenues and operating income could be adversely affected.

Our growth partly depends on new-product innovation and the development and commercialization of proprietary multi-component systems for injectable drug administration and other healthcare applications. Product development and commercialization is inherently uncertain and is subject to a number of factors outside of our control, including any necessary regulatory approvals and commercial acceptance for the products. The ultimate timing and successful commercialization of new products and systems requires substantial evaluations of the functional, operational, clinical, and economic viability of our products. In addition, the timely and adequate availability of filling capacity is essential to both conducting definitive stability trials and the timing of commercialization of customers’ products in Crystal Zenith vials, syringes and cartridges. Delays, interruptions or failures in developing and commercializing new-product innovations or proprietary multi-component systems could adversely affect future revenues and operating income. In addition, adverse conditions may also result in future charges to recognize impairment in the carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.

We may not succeed in completing divestitures, acquisitions or other strategic transactions, all of which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

In the normal course of business, we engage in discussions with third parties relating to possible divestitures, acquisitions and other strategic transactions.

With respect to divestitures or dispositions, we continually assess the strategic fit of our existing businesses and products and may divest or otherwise dispose of businesses or products for strategic, financial or other reasons. As a recent example, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to sell all manufacturing and supply rights for the SmartDose® 3.5mL On-Body Delivery System and associated facilities to AbbVie. While divestitures and other dispositions can be beneficial to the Company and its shareholders, sometimes they can result in financial results that are different than expected. A successful divestiture depends on various factors, including our ability to effectively transfer liabilities, contracts, facilities and employees to the purchaser, identify and separate the intellectual property to be divested from the intellectual property that we wish to keep and reduce fixed costs previously associated with the divested assets or business. In exiting a business, we may still retain liabilities associated with the support and warranty of that business and other indemnification obligations. All of these efforts require varying levels of management resources, which may divert our attention from other business operations. If we do not realize the expected benefits or synergies of such transactions, our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows and stock price could be negatively impacted.

14

Meanwhile, we expect to continue to seek acquisition opportunities that complement and expand our existing operations. However, we may be unable to identify suitable targets, opportunistic or otherwise, for acquisitions or other strategic transactions in the future. If we identify a suitable candidate, our ability to successfully implement the strategic transaction would depend on a variety of factors, including our ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms and to comply with the restrictions contained in our debt agreements. Strategic transactions involve risks, including those associated with integrating the operations or maintaining the operations as separate (as applicable), financial reporting, disparate technologies, and personnel of acquired companies, joint ventures or related companies; managing geographically dispersed operations or other strategic investments; the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns; the inherent risks in entering markets or lines of business in which we have either limited or no direct experience; the potential loss of key employees, customers and strategic partners of acquired companies, joint ventures or companies in which we may make strategic investments; and potentially other unknown risks. We may not successfully integrate any businesses or technologies we may acquire or strategically develop in the future and may not achieve anticipated revenue and cost benefits relating to any such strategic transactions. Strategic transactions may be expensive, time consuming and may strain our resources. Strategic transactions may not be accretive to our earnings and may negatively impact our results of operations as a result of, among other things, the incurrence of debt, one-time write-offs of goodwill, additional carrying costs of patent or trademark portfolios, and amortization expenses of other intangible assets. In addition, strategic transactions that we may pursue could result in dilutive issuances of equity securities.

Product defects could adversely affect the results of our operations.

The design, manufacturing and marketing of pharmaceutical packaging and medical devices involve certain inherent risks. Manufacturing or design defects, unanticipated use of our products, or inadequate disclosure of risks relating to the use of our products can lead to injury or other adverse events. These events could lead to recalls or safety alerts relating to our products (either voluntary or required by the FDA or similar governmental authorities in other countries), and could result, in certain cases, in the removal of a product from the market. 

A recall could result in significant costs, as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation that could reduce demand for our products. Personal injuries relating to the use of our products can also result in product liability claims being brought against us. In some circumstances, such adverse events could also cause delays in new product approvals. 

A loss of or inability to attract key personnel or highly skilled employees could disrupt our operations.

Our future success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain key employees, including our executive officers and individuals in technical, marketing, sales, and research positions. Competition for experienced employees, particularly for persons with specialized skills, can be intense. Our ability to recruit such talent will depend on a number of factors, including compensation and benefits, work location and work environment. If we cannot effectively recruit and retain qualified executives and employees, our business could be adversely affected. Although we believe that we will be able to attract and retain talented personnel and replace key personnel should the need arise, our inability to do so on a timely basis could disrupt the operations of the unit affected or our overall operations. In addition, because of the complexity of many of our products and programs, we rely on an educated and highly skilled engineering staff as well as a manufacturing workforce that includes employees across all levels of skilled labor. As a result, a shortage of available skilled employees could disrupt our operations.

The concentration of our customer base could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 

We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from a limited number of customers. The loss of, or a significant reduction in orders from, any of these customers could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. Our dependence on a concentrated customer base could also expose us to further risks relating to contract negotiations, pricing pressures, and operational disruptions. While we continually strive to meet the needs of all of our customers, any adverse change in our relationships with one or more of our key customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.

15

We may be unable to increase capacity or efficiency at our own manufacturing facilities, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We must adjust our production capacity in accordance with customer demand changes and remain focused on increasing capacity at various facilities through our capital strategy. If we are unable to increase capacity levels at the rate we expect, or if unforeseen costs or other challenges associated with increasing that capacity arise, we may not be able to achieve our financial targets.

Additionally, we are committed to supporting a full portfolio of our products for our customers. That commitment, along with shifts of product mix and complexity, may result in more frequent equipment change-overs and potentially increased costs because of the high fixed cost nature of our business, causing lower gross margins due to under-absorption of those fixed costs. 

Our results of operations and earnings may not meet guidance or expectations
.

We provide public guidance on our expected results of operations for future periods. This guidance is comprised of forward-looking statements subject to risks and uncertainties, including the risks and uncertainties described in this Form 10-K and in our other public filings and public statements, and is based on assumptions we make at the time we provide such guidance. Our guidance may not always be accurate. If, in the future, our results of operations for a particular period do not meet our guidance or the expectations of investment analysts, or if we reduce our guidance for future periods, the market price of our common stock could decline significantly. 

No assurance can be given that we will continue to pay or declare dividends. 

We have historically paid dividends. However, there can be no assurance that we will pay or declare dividends in the future. The actual declaration and payment of future dividends, the amount of any such dividends, and the establishment of record and payment dates, if any, are subject to determination by our Board of Directors each quarter after its review of our then-current strategy, applicable debt covenants and financial performance and position, among other things. Our declaration and payment of future dividends is subject to risks and uncertainties, including deterioration of our financial condition or position; inability to declare a dividend in compliance with applicable laws or debt covenants; an increase in our cash needs or decrease in available cash; and the business judgment of the Board of Directors that a declaration of a dividend is not in our best interest.

If we fail to comply with our obligations under our distributorship or license agreements with Daikyo or the agreements are terminated early or not renewed, we could lose license rights and access to certain product and technology that are important to our business.

Key value-added and proprietary products and processes are licensed from our affiliate, Daikyo, including but not limited to, Crystal Zenith, FluroTec
®
 and B2-coating technologies. Our rights to these products and processes are licensed pursuant to agreements that expire in 2027. However, if the agreements are terminated early or not renewed, our business could be adversely impacted. 

Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks

We are subject to regulation by governments around the world, and if these regulations are not complied with, existing and future operations may be curtailed, and we could be subject to liability. 

As a multinational corporation with operations and distribution channels throughout the world, we are subject to and must comply with extensive laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions in which we have operations and distribution channels. For example, the design, development, manufacturing, marketing and labeling of certain of our products and our customers’ products that incorporate our products are subject to regulation by governmental authorities in the U.S., Europe and other countries, including the FDA, the European Medicines Agency and the National Medical Products Administration (China). Complying with governmental regulation can be costly and can result in required modification or withdrawal of existing products and a substantial delay in the introduction of new products. Failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements or failure to obtain regulatory approval for a new product could subject us to fines, sanctions or other penalties that could negatively affect our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

16

The global nature of our business also means legal and compliance risks, such as anti-bribery, anti-corruption, fraud, trade, environmental, competition, privacy, and other regulatory matters, will continue to exist and additional legal proceedings and other contingencies will arise from time to time, which could adversely affect us. In addition, the adoption of new laws or regulations, or changes in the interpretation of existing laws or regulations, may result in significant unanticipated legal and reputational risks. Any current or future legal or regulatory proceedings could divert management's attention from our operations and result in substantial legal fees.

Products that incorporate our technologies and medical devices that we produce are subject to regulations and extensive approval or clearance processes, which make the timing and success of new-product commercialization difficult to predict.

The process of obtaining and maintaining FDA and other required regulatory approvals is expensive and time-consuming. Historically, most medical devices that incorporate our technologies and medical devices that we produce have been subject to the FDA’s 510(k) marketing approval process, which typically lasts from six to nine months. Supplemental or full pre-market approval reviews require a significantly longer period, delaying commercialization. Changes in regulation on a global scale must be monitored and actions taken to ensure ongoing compliance. Pharmaceutical products that incorporate our technologies and medical devices that we produce are subject to the FDA’s New Drug Application process, which typically takes a number of years to complete. Additionally, biotechnology products that incorporate our technologies and medical devices that we produce are subject to the FDA’s Biologics License Application process, which also typically takes a number of years to complete. Outside of the U.S., sales of medical devices and pharmaceutical or biotechnology products are subject to international regulatory requirements that vary from country to country. The time required to obtain approval for sale internationally may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval. There is no certainty that any regulatory approval may be obtained or maintained indefinitely, and our ability to launch products to the market and maintain market presence is not guaranteed.

Changes in the regulation of drug products and devices may increase competitive pressure and adversely affect our business.

An effect of the governmental regulation of our medical devices and our customers’ drug products, devices, and manufacturing processes is that compliance with regulations makes it difficult to change components and devices produced by one supplier with those from another supplier, due to the large amount of data and information that customers must generate to demonstrate that the components and devices are equivalent and pose no additional risk to the patient. The regulation of our medical devices and our customers’ products that incorporate our components and devices has increased over time. If the applicable regulations were to be modified in a way that reduced the level of data and information needed to prove equivalency for a change from one supplier’s components or devices to those made by another, it is likely that the competitive pressure would increase and adversely affect our sales and profitability.

If we are not successful in protecting our intellectual property rights, our ability to compete may be affected.

Our patents, trademarks and other intellectual property are important to our business. We rely on patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, and other intellectual property laws, as well as nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements and other methods, to protect our proprietary products, information, technologies and processes. We also have obligations with respect to the non-use and non-disclosure of third-party intellectual property. We may need to engage in litigation or similar activities to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights of others. Any such litigation could require us to expend significant resources and divert the efforts and attention of our management and other personnel from our business operations. There can be no assurance that the steps we will take to prevent misappropriation, infringement or other violation of our intellectual property or the intellectual property of others will be successful. In addition, effective patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited for some of our proprietary products in some countries. Failure to protect our intellectual property or successfully invalidate or defend against intellectual property protections of third parties could harm our business and results of operations. In addition, if relevant and effective patent protection is not available or has expired, we may not be able to prevent competitors from independently developing products and services similar or duplicative to ours. 

17

Significant developments in U.S. tax policies could have a material adverse effect on our business and/or results of operations.

We earn a substantial portion of our income in foreign countries and, as such, we are subject to the tax laws in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Current economic and political conditions make tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, in any jurisdiction subject to significant change.

Proposals to reform U.S. and foreign tax laws could significantly impact how U.S. multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings and could increase the U.S. corporate tax rate. Although we cannot predict whether or in what form these proposals may pass, several of the proposals considered, if enacted into law, could have an adverse impact on our effective tax rate, income tax expense and cash flows.

We utilize tax rulings and other agreements to obtain certainty in treatment of certain tax matters. These rulings and agreements expire from time to time and may be extended when certain conditions are met or terminated if certain conditions are not met. The impact of any changes in conditions would be the loss of certainty in treatment thus potentially impacting our effective income tax rate.

We are also subject to the examination of our tax returns by the United States Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) and other tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for income taxes. Although we believe our tax provisions are adequate, the final determination of tax audits and any related disputes rapidly change and could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of audits or related disputes could have an adverse effect on our financial statements for the period or periods for which the applicable final determinations are made. For example, we and our subsidiaries are also engaged in a number of intercompany transactions across multiple tax jurisdictions. Although we believe we have clearly reflected the economics of these transactions and the proper local transfer pricing documentation is in place, tax authorities may propose and sustain adjustments that could result in changes that may impact our mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates.

If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results, which could lead to a loss of investor confidence in our financial statements and have an adverse effect on our stock price.

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable and accurate financial statements and to effectively prevent fraud. We devote significant resources and time to comply with the internal control over financial reporting requirements of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 and continue to enhance our controls. However, we cannot be certain that we will be able to prevent future significant deficiencies or material weaknesses. Inadequate internal controls could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on investor confidence in our financial statements, the trading price of our stock and our access to capital.

18

We are subject to stringent and changing obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could lead to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm and other adverse business consequences.

In addition to our own sensitive and proprietary business information, we handle transactional and personal information worldwide. As a result, we must comply with increasingly complex and rigorous, and sometimes conflicting laws, regulatory standards, industry standards, external and internal privacy and security policies, contracts and other obligations that govern the processing of business and personal data by us and on our behalf. For example and not limited to, the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (the “EU GDPR”), the United Kingdom’s GDPR (the “UK GDPR”) and California’s Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the "CCPA"), as expanded by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CPRA”), impose obligations on companies regarding the handling of personal data and provide certain individual privacy rights to persons whose data is stored. Furthermore, multiple states in the United States have enacted data privacy laws. Additionally, laws in certain jurisdictions require data localization and impose restrictions on the transfer of personal information across border. For example, the EU GDPR generally restricts the transfer of personal information to countries outside of the European Economic Area without appropriate safeguards or other measures. If we cannot implement a valid compliance mechanism for cross-border privacy and security transfers, we may face increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines and injunctions against processing or transferring personal information from Europe or elsewhere.

Compliance with existing and forthcoming laws and regulations can be costly and time consuming, and may require changes to our information technologies, systems and practices and to those of any third parties that process personal information on our behalf. If we fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with obligations related to data privacy and security, we could face significant consequences, including, but not limited to, proceedings against the Company by governmental entities (e.g. investigations, fines, penalties, audits, inspections) or other entities or individuals, additional reporting requirements and/or governmental agency oversight, damage to our reputation and credibility, or inability to process data or operate in certain jurisdictions, any of which could have a negative impact on revenues and profits.

Changing climate, global climate change regulations and greenhouse gas effects may adversely affect our operations and financial performance.

There is continuing concern from members of the scientific community and the general public that emissions of GHG and other activities have or will cause significant changes in weather patterns and increase the frequency or severity of extreme weather events, including droughts, hurricanes, wildfires and flooding. These types of extreme weather events have and may continue to adversely impact us, raw material availability, our suppliers, our customers and their ability to purchase our products and our ability to timely manufacture and transport our products.

We believe it is likely that the scientific and political attention to issues concerning the extent and causes of climate change will continue, with new and more restrictive legislation or regulations and focus on climate issues that could affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Foreign, state and local regulatory and legislative bodies, most notably in the European Union, have proposed various legislative and regulatory measures to increase transparency and standardization of reporting and corporate action related to factors that may include climate change, accountability for potential environmental impacts in our supply chain, regulating GHG emissions, energy policies, recycling of plastic materials, waste taxes, and other matters. If additional legislation or regulations were enacted, we could incur increased energy, environmental, administrative and other costs and capital expenditures to comply with the limitations. 

Failure to comply with these regulations could result in fines and could affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We could also face increased costs related to defending and resolving legal claims and other litigation related to climate change and any alleged impact of our operations on climate change.

19

Many of our customers are subject to the same or related emerging legislation or regulations and, as a result, may request that changes be made to our products, procedures or facilities, as well as other aspects of our business, that increase costs and may require the investment of capital or reduction in profit margins if not offset by price increases, customer investment or other cost savings. Failure to provide climate-friendly products or demonstrate GHG reductions could potentially result in loss of market share. Additionally, the costs of procuring energy, including renewable energy, or offsetting GHG emissions to meet our goals, satisfy government regulations or meet the requests of our customers may increase. 

Failure to comply with anti-bribery, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences.

We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the "FCPA"), the U.K. Bribery Act and other anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and anti-money laundering laws in various jurisdictions around the world. The FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act and similar applicable laws generally prohibit companies, as well as their officers, directors, employees and third-party intermediaries, business partners and agents, from making improper payments or providing other improper things of value to government officials or other persons. We and our third-party intermediaries may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state owned or affiliated entities and other third parties where we may be held liable for corrupt or other illegal activities, even if we do not explicitly authorize them. While we have policies and procedures and internal controls to address compliance with such laws, we cannot provide assurance that all of our employees and third-party intermediaries, business partners and agents will not take actions in violation of such policies and laws, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. To the extent that we learn that any of our employees or third-party intermediaries, business partners or agents do not adhere to our policies, procedures, or internal controls, we are committed to taking appropriate remedial action. In the event that we believe or have reason to believe that our directors, officers, employees or third-party intermediaries, agents or business partners have or may have violated such laws, we may be required to investigate or to have outside counsel investigate the relevant facts and circumstances. Detecting, investigating and resolving actual or alleged violations can be extensive and require a significant diversion of time, resources, and attention from senior management. Any violation of the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act or other applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws could result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, and criminal or civil sanctions, penalties, and fines, any of which may adversely affect our business and financial condition.

Our operations must comply with environmental statutes and regulations, and any failure to comply could result in extensive costs which would harm our business.

The manufacturing of some of our products has involved, and may continue to involve, the use, transportation, storage, and disposal of hazardous or toxic materials and is subject to various environmental protection and occupational health and safety laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate. This has exposed us in the past, and could expose us in the future, to risks of accidental contamination and events of non-compliance with environmental laws. Any such occurrences could result in regulatory enforcement or personal injury and property damage claims or could lead to a shutdown of some of our operations, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We currently incur costs to comply with environmental laws and regulations and these costs may become more significant, especially as the laws become more stringent and our use of materials changes. For example, the European Union and some states in the United States have introduced, and are considering more comprehensive updates to, regulations aimed at restricting the use of per and polyfluoroalkyl substances (“PFAS”) in packaging. Such regulations restricting or banning PFAS could adversely affect our business and results of operations in the event of our non-compliance and/or our development and adoption of alternative materials in our products.

20

Changes in reimbursement practices of third-party payers or other cost containment measures, including changes to applicable laws and regulations, could affect the demand for our products and the prices at which they are sold.

Our sales depend, in part, on the extent to which healthcare providers and facilities are reimbursed by government authorities (including Medicare, Medicaid and comparable foreign programs) and private insurers for the costs of our products. The coverage policies and reimbursement levels of third-party payers, which can vary among public and private sources and by country, may affect which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay for those products in a particular jurisdiction. Reimbursement rates can also affect the market acceptance rate of new technologies and products. Reforms to reimbursement systems in the U.S. or abroad, changes in coverage by private payers, or adverse decisions by payers could significantly reduce reimbursement for procedures using our products, which could adversely affect customer demand or the price customers are willing to pay for such products. 

Initiatives to limit the growth of healthcare costs in the U.S. and other countries where we do business may also put industry-wide pressure on medical device or clinical diagnostic pricing. In the U.S., these include, among others, value-based purchasing and managed care arrangements. Governments in other countries are also using various mechanisms to control healthcare expenditures, including increased use of competitive bidding and tenders as well as price regulation.

General Risk Factor

Our share price has been volatile and may fluctuate, and accordingly, the value of an investment in our common stock may also fluctuate. 

Stock markets in general and our common stock in particular have experienced significant price and trading volume volatility over recent years. The market price and trading volume of our common stock may continue to be subject to significant fluctuations due to factors described under this Item 1A. 
Risk Factors

, as well as economic and geopolitical conditions in general and to variability in the prevailing sentiment regarding our operations or business prospects, as well as, among other things, changing investment priorities of our shareholders.