There are many factors that affect
our business, financial position and results of operations, some of which are beyond our control. The following is a description of some important factors that may cause the actual results of operations in future periods to differ materially from
those currently expected or desired. The risks identified below are not all-encompassing but should be considered in establishing an opinion of the Company’s future operations. 

Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry 

If we are unable to maintain our agent network, our business,
financial position and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

Most of our revenue is derived through our agent network.
In addition, our international agents may have subagent relationships for which we have no direct relationship. Transaction volumes at existing agent and subagent locations often increase over time and new agents and subagents provide us with
additional revenue. If agents decide to leave our network, if we are unable to sign new agents, or if our agents are unable to maintain relationships with or sign new subagents, our revenue and profit growth rates may be adversely affected. Agent
attrition might occur for a number of reasons, including a competitor engaging an agent or an agent’s dissatisfaction with its relationship with us or the revenue derived from that relationship. In addition, agents may generate fewer
transactions or less revenue for various reasons, including increased competition. Because an agent is a third party that engages in a variety of activities in addition to providing our services, it may encounter business difficulties unrelated to
its provision of our services, which could cause the agent to reduce its number of locations, hours of operation, or cease doing business altogether. 

Our business is subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations, especially laws designed to prevent money laundering and terrorist financing. Failure by us, our agents or subagents to comply with those laws and regulations could
have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 

As described under Item 1 of Part 1, our
business is subject to a wide range of laws and regulations. These include financial services regulations, consumer disclosure and consumer protection laws, currency control regulations, money transfer and payment instrument licensing regulations,
escheat laws and laws covering consumer privacy, data protection and information security. Our services also are subject to an increasingly strict set of legal and regulatory requirements intended to help detect and prevent money laundering,
terrorist financing and other illicit activity. For example, certain economic and trade sanctions programs that are administered by the Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control prohibit or restrict transactions to or from or
dealings with specified countries, their governments, and in certain circumstances, their nationals, and with individuals and entities that are specially-designated nationals of those countries, narcotics traffickers, and terrorists or terrorist
organizations. As federal and state legislative and regulatory scrutiny and action in these areas increase, we expect that our costs of complying with these requirements will increase, perhaps substantially. Failure to comply with any of these
requirements—by either us, our agents or subagents (both of which are third parties, over which we have limited legal and practical control) could result in the suspension or revocation of a license or registration required to provide money
transfer services, the limitation, suspension or termination of services and/or the imposition of civil and criminal penalties, including fines. In addition to those direct costs, a failure by us, our agents or subagents to comply with applicable
laws and regulations also could seriously damage our reputation and brands, and result in diminished revenue and profit and increased operating costs. 

In connection with governmental efforts to prevent money laundering and terrorist financing and pursuant to legal obligations and authorizations, Western Union makes information available to United States federal and
state, as well as certain foreign, government agencies. In recent years, these agencies have increased their requests for such information from Western Union and other companies (both financial service providers and others), particularly in
connection with efforts to prevent terrorist financing. During the same period, there has also been increased public attention to concerns about consumer privacy, accompanied by legislation and regulations intended to address issues of data
protection, information security and privacy. These two policy goals—the prevention of money laundering and terrorist financing and the protection of consumer privacy—may 

23 

Table of Contents

conflict, and the law in these areas is not consistent or settled. While we believe that Western Union is compliant with its legal responsibilities, the
legal, political and business environments in this area are rapidly evolving, and subsequent legislation, regulation, litigation, court rulings or other events could expose Western Union to liability and reputational damage. 

As noted above, most of our revenue is derived through our agent network. The types of enterprises that are legally authorized to act as our agents vary
significantly from one country to another. Changes in the laws affecting the kinds of entities that are permitted to act as money transfer agents (such as changes in requirements for capitalization or ownership) could adversely affect our ability to
distribute our services and the cost of providing such services, both by us and our agents. For example, a requirement that a money transfer provider be a bank or other highly regulated financial entity could increase significantly the cost of
providing our services in many countries where that requirement does not exist today or could prevent us from offering our services in an affected country. Further, any changes in law that would require us to provide directly the money transfer
services to consumers as opposed to through an agent network—effectively changing our business model—could significantly adversely impact our ability to provide our services, and/or the cost of our services, in the relevant jurisdiction.

Our fees may be reduced because of regulatory initiatives or proceedings that are either industry wide or specifically targeted at our
company. For example, recent initiatives both in the United States and at G-8 summit meetings have focused on lowering international remittance costs. These initiatives may have an adverse impact on our business, financial position and results of
operations. 

Our agents are subject to a variety of regulatory requirements, which differ from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and are subject
to change. A material change in the regulatory requirements necessary to offer money transfer services in a jurisdiction important to our business could mean increased costs and/or operational demands on our agents, which could result in the
attrition of agents and subagents, a decrease in the number of locations at which money transfer services are offered and other negative consequences. The regulatory status of our agents could affect their ability to offer our services. For example,
our agents in the United States are considered Money Service Businesses, or “MSBs,” under the Bank Secrecy Act. An increasing number of financial institutions view MSBs, as a class, as higher risk customers for purposes of their anti-money
laundering programs. As a result, several financial institutions have terminated their banking relationships with some of our agents and with us, principally related to our Vigo business. If a significant number of agents are unable to maintain
existing or establish new banking relationships, they may not be able to continue to offer our services. 

Although most of our Orlandi
Valuta and Vigo agents are not exclusive, nearly all of the Western Union branded agents offer our services on an exclusive basis—that is, they have agreed by contract not to provide any non-Western Union branded money transfer services. While
we believe that these agreements generally are valid and enforceable, changes in laws regulating competition or in the interpretation of those laws could undermine our ability to enforce them in the future. For example, Russia and Ukraine have each
enacted laws that effectively prohibit payment service providers, such as money transfer companies, from agreeing to exclusive arrangements with banks in those countries. The inability to enforce our exclusivity rights under our contracts could
adversely affect our operations and revenue by, for example, allowing competitors to benefit from the goodwill associated with the Western Union brand at our agent locations. 

We face competition from global and niche or corridor money transfer providers, United States and international banks, card associations, card-based payments providers and a number of other types of service
providers. Our continued growth depends on our ability to compete effectively in the industry. 

Money transfer and consumer payments
are highly competitive industries comprised of players from a variety of financial and non-financial business groups. Our competitors include banks, credit unions, ATM providers and operators, card associations, card-based payments providers such as
issuers of e-money, travel cards or stored-value cards, informal remittance systems, web-based services, telephone payment systems 

24 

Table of Contents

(including mobile phone networks), postal organizations, retailers, check cashers, mail and courier services, currency exchanges and traditional money
transfer companies. These services are differentiated by features and functionalities such as speed, convenience, network size, hours of operations, loyalty programs, reliability and price. Our continued growth depends on our ability to compete
effectively in these industries. We have made periodic pricing decreases in response to competition and to implement our brand investment strategy, which includes better meeting consumer needs, maximizing market opportunities and strengthening our
overall competitive positioning. Pricing decreases generally reduce margins, but are done in anticipation that they will result in increased transaction volumes. Such consumer-to-consumer pricing decreases have averaged approximately 3% of our
annual revenues over the last three years. In addition, failure to compete on service differentiation could significantly affect our future growth potential and related profitability. 

Recently, card associations have become more active in promoting stored-value cards and other services that compete with our money transfer and consumer
payments businesses. These associations, as well as debit networks, can be effective competitors because of the ubiquity of their brands, their large number of financial institution issuers and their extensive merchant networks. In addition, we
offer consumers the ability to use debit cards in connection with certain of our services. The card associations and debit networks set the charge, known as an interchange fee, that we as a merchant must pay for accepting their cards. Their
association and network rules also categorize transactions or cause us to categorize transactions in a manner that can affect the cost of the transaction to us or the consumer. Changes to interchange fees could increase our costs to accept cards in
payment for services, while changes in how our services are categorized could make the use of cards to pay for our services less attractive to the consumer. 

Many of our agents outside the United States are national post offices. These entities are usually governmental organizations that may enjoy special privileges or protections that could allow them to simultaneously
develop their own money transfer businesses. International postal organizations could agree to establish a money transfer network among themselves. Due to the size of these organizations and the number of locations they have, any such network could
represent significant competition to us. Because these entities are governmental organizations, they may be able to—or be required to—offer their money transfer services at, near or below their cost of providing such services. 

Risks associated with operations outside the United States could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations.

Because an increasing portion of our revenue is generated in currencies other than the United States dollar, we are subject to
risks related to changes in currency rates and foreign exchange regulation (such as the ability to repatriate funds to the United States, and the cost of repatriation). We use foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the risks associated with
changes in foreign currency. However, these derivative contracts do not eliminate all of the risks related to foreign currency translation. 

Money transfers to, from or within or between countries may be limited or prohibited by law. At times in the past, we have been required to cease operations in particular countries due to political uncertainties or government restrictions
imposed by foreign governments or the United States. Additionally, economic or political instability or natural disasters may make money transfers to, from or within a particular country difficult, such as when banks are closed, when currency
devaluation makes exchange rates difficult to manage or when natural disasters or civil unrest makes access to agent locations unsafe. These risks could negatively impact our ability to make payments to or receive payments from international agents
or our ability to recoup funds that have been advanced to international agents and could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. In addition, the general state of telecommunications and infrastructure in some
lesser developed countries creates operational risks for us and our agents that generally are not present in our operations in the United States and other more developed countries. 

As noted above, many of our agents outside the United States are post offices, which are usually owned and operated by national governments. These
governments may decide to change the terms under which they allow 

25 

Table of Contents

post offices to offer remittances and other financial services. For example, governments may decide to separate financial service operations from postal
operations, or mandate the creation or privatization of a “post bank.” These changes could have an adverse effect on our ability to distribute and offer our services in countries that are material to our business. 

Interruptions in international migration patterns could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

The money transfer business relies in part on migration patterns, which bring workers into countries with greater economic opportunities than their native
countries. A significant portion of money transfers is initiated by immigrants. Changes in immigration laws, such as those currently being considered by the United States and its government, economic development patterns that discourage
international migration and political or other events (such as war, terrorism or health emergencies) that would make it more difficult for workers to migrate or work abroad could adversely affect our remittance volume or growth rate and could each
have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. For example, during 2006, the United States to Mexico and United States domestic businesses, and to a lesser extent United States outbound businesses, were
adversely impacted by the immigration debate and related activities in the United States. This controversy around the subject of immigration and the changes in the approach of various government entities to the regulation of businesses that employ
or sell to immigrants has created fear and distrust among some consumers in the United States. As a result, the frequency of money transfer transactions involving these consumers has decreased and some competitors have lowered prices and foreign
exchange spreads in certain markets. These and other issues adversely affected our Mexico and United States domestic businesses, and to a lesser extent our U.S. outbound business in 2006 and we expect them to continue to impact our businesses in the
future. 

If consumers’ confidence in our business, or in traditional money transfer providers generally deteriorates, our
business, revenue and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Our business is built on consumers’ confidence in our
brands and our ability to provide fast, reliable money transfer services. Any erosion in consumers’ confidence in our business, or in traditional money transfer providers as a means to transfer money, could adversely impact transaction volumes
which would in turn adversely impact our business, revenue and results of operations. 

A number of factors could adversely affect
consumers’ confidence in our business, or in traditional money transfer providers generally, many of which are beyond our control, including: 

•

 changes or proposed changes in laws or regulations that have the effect of making it more difficult for consumers to transfer money using traditional money transfer
providers; 

•

 actions by federal, state or foreign regulators, including those that threaten the reliability of our money transfer services, such as the recent attempts by the
Arizona Attorney General to seize money transfer funds from states other than Arizona to Sonora, Mexico; 

•

 any significant interruption in our systems, including by fire, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorism, vendor failure, unauthorized
entry and computer viruses; and 

•

 any breach of our security policies or applicable legal requirements resulting in a compromise of consumer data. 

Unfavorable resolution of tax contingencies could adversely affect our tax expense. 

Our tax returns and positions are subject to review and audit by federal, state, local and international taxing authorities. An unfavorable outcome to a
tax audit could result in higher tax costs, thereby negatively impacting our results of operations. We have established contingency reserves for material, known tax exposures, including potential tax audit adjustments with respect to our foreign
business which was restructured in 2003. Our reserves 

26 

Table of Contents

reflect what we believe to be reasonable assumptions as to the likely resolution of the issues involved if subject to judicial review. While we believe that
our reserves are adequate to cover reasonably expected tax risks, there can be no assurance that, in all instances, an issue raised by a tax authority will be resolved at a financial cost that does not exceed our related reserve. Any difference from
our position as recorded in our consolidated financial statements and the final resolution of a tax issue will be reflected in our income tax expense in the period during which the issue is resolved. Such resolution could also affect our effective
tax rate for future periods. To address certain tax aspects of the 2003 restructuring of our international operations, discussions were initiated with the Internal Revenue Service pursuant to the Internal Revenue Service’s Advance Pricing
Agreement, or “APA,” Program. We were notified by the Internal Revenue Service in October 2006, however, that we will not be able to conclude an arrangement acceptable to us through the APA Program and, therefore, expect that the tax
aspects of the 2003 restructuring will be addressed as part of the ongoing federal income tax audit. We have benefited from the 2003 restructuring by having our income from certain foreign-to-foreign money transfer transactions taxed at relatively
low foreign tax rates rather than the U.S. and state combined statutory tax rate. The amount of taxes attributable to such rate differential is included in the “Foreign rate differential” line in the effective rate reconciliation in Note
10—“Income Taxes” to our consolidated financial statements and cumulatively totaled $210.8 million through December 31, 2006. 

Acquisitions and integrating new businesses create risks and may affect operating results. 

We occasionally acquire
businesses both inside and outside the United States. The acquisition and integration of businesses involve a number of risks. The core risks involve valuation (negotiating a fair price for the business based on inherently limited due diligence) and
integration (managing the complex process of integrating the acquired company’s people, products and services, technology and other assets in an effort to realize the projected value of the acquired company and the projected synergies of the
acquisition). In addition, international acquisitions often involve additional or increased risks including, for example: 

•

 managing geographically separated organizations, systems and facilities; 

•

 integrating personnel with diverse business backgrounds and organizational cultures; 

•

 integrating systems that may not have been designed or maintained to the same standards as those in the United States; 

•

 complying with foreign regulatory requirements; 

•

 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 

•

 enforcement of intellectual property rights in some foreign countries; 

•

 difficulty entering new markets due to, among other things, customer acceptance and business knowledge of these new markets; and 

•

 general economic and political conditions, including legal and other barriers to cross-border investment in general, or by United States companies in particular.

Integrating operations could cause an interruption of, or divert resources from, one or more of our businesses and could
result in the loss of key personnel. The diversion of management’s attention and any delays or difficulties encountered in connection with an acquisition and the integration of the acquired company’s operations could have an adverse effect
on our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Our ability to adopt technology in response to changing industry and consumer needs
or trends poses a challenge to our business. 

Our ability to compete in the markets we serve may be threatened by change, including
changes in technology, changes with respect to consumer needs, competition and industry standards. We actively seek solutions that respond in a timely manner to new technology-based money transfer services such as Internet, land 

27 

Table of Contents

and mobile phone based money transfer services and prepaid, stored-value and other card-based money transfer services. Failure to respond well to these
challenges could adversely impact our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Western Union has been the subject of class-action
litigation, and remains the subject of other litigation as well as consent agreements with or enforcement actions by regulators. 

Western Union has been the subject of class-action litigation in the United States, alleging that its foreign exchange rate disclosures failed to adequately inform consumers about the revenue that Western Union and its agents derive from
international remittances. These suits all have been settled without an admission of liability, and we have made certain changes in our advertising and consumer forms. It is possible that because of changes in law or future litigation or regulatory
action, we could be required to modify our disclosures or our practices further. These modifications could be costly to implement, restrict our ability to advertise or promote our services and/or limit the amount of our foreign exchange income.

In addition, as a company that provides global financial services primarily to consumers, we could be subject to future class-action,
other litigation or regulatory action alleging violations of consumer protection or other laws. We also are subject to claims asserted by consumers based on individual transactions. 

We are subject to unclaimed or abandoned property (escheat) laws in the United States and abroad which require us to turn over to certain government
authorities the property of others held by us that has been unclaimed for a specified period of time, such as unredeemed money transfers. We hold property subject to escheat laws and we have an ongoing program to comply with those laws. In addition,
we are subject to audit with regard to our escheatment practices. Any difference between the amounts we have accrued for unclaimed property and amounts that are claimed by a state or foreign jurisdiction could have a significant impact on our
results of operations and cash flows. See “—Escheat Regulations” for further discussion. 

Our consumer payments business is
subject to various United States federal, state and local laws and regulations, as well as laws and regulations outside the United States. Our United States business is subject to reporting, recordkeeping and anti-money laundering provisions of the
Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, and to regulatory oversight and enforcement by the United States Department of Treasury’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, or “FinCEN.” In addition, as a money
transmitter, we are subject to licensing, regulation and examination by almost all the states and the District of Columbia. 

Over the past
several years, we have entered into a number of consent agreements with federal and state authorities, including FinCEN, the New York State Banking Department, the California Department of Financial Institutions and the Arizona Department of
Financial Institutions, relating to the Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering requirements and related consumer identification matters. These agreements required us to pay civil penalties and to take certain measures to enhance our compliance
with recordkeeping, reporting, training and agent oversight requirements under applicable state and federal law. The financial services industry and businesses like ours continue to be under significant federal and state regulatory scrutiny with
respect to the Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering compliance matters. It is possible that as a result of periodic examinations or otherwise, we could be subject to deficiency findings, fines, criminal penalties, enforcement actions or
similar consent agreements in the future that could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Our ability to
remain competitive depends in part on our ability to protect our brands and our other intellectual property rights and to defend ourselves against potential patent infringement claims. 

The Western Union brand, consisting of trademark registrations in various countries, is material to our company. The loss of the Western Union trademark
or a diminution in the perceived quality associated with the name would harm our business. Similar to the Western Union trademark, the Vigo and Pago Fácil service marks 

28 

Table of Contents

and the Orlandi Valuta, Speedpay, Western Union Quick Collect and Paymap trademarks are important to our company and a loss of the service mark or trademarks
or a diminution in the perceived quality associated with these names could harm our business. 

The laws of certain foreign countries in
which we do business either do not recognize intellectual property rights or do not protect them to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. Adverse determinations in judicial or administrative proceedings in the United States or in
foreign countries could impair our ability to sell our services or license or protect our intellectual property, which could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

We have been, and in the future may be, subject to claims alleging that our technology or business methods infringe patents owned by others, both in and
outside the United States. Unfavorable resolution of these claims could require us to change how we deliver a service, result in significant financial consequences, or both, which could adversely affect our business, financial position and results
of operations. 

Interruptions in our systems may have a significant effect on our business. 

Our ability to provide reliable service largely depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer information systems. Any significant
interruptions could harm our business and reputation and result in a loss of consumers. Our systems and operations could be exposed to damage or interruption from fire, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorism, vendor
failure, unauthorized entry and computer viruses or other causes, many of which may be beyond our control. Although we have taken steps to prevent a system failure, our measures may not be successful and we may experience problems other than system
failures. We also may experience software defects, development delays, installation difficulties and other systems problems, which would harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability which may not be fully covered by our
business interruption insurance. Our data applications may not be sufficient to address technological advances, changing market conditions or other developments. 

Breaches of our information security policies or safeguards could adversely affect our ability to operate and could damage our reputation, business, financial position and results of operations. 

We collect, transfer and retain consumer data as part of our business. These activities are subject to laws and regulations in the United States and other
jurisdictions in which our services are available. These requirements, which often differ materially among the many jurisdictions, are designed to protect the privacy of consumers’ personal information and to prevent that information from being
inappropriately disclosed. We have developed and maintain technical and operational safeguards designed to comply with applicable legal requirements. However, despite those safeguards, it is possible that hackers, employees acting contrary to our
policies or others could improperly access our systems or improperly obtain or disclose data about our consumers. Any breach of our security policies or applicable legal requirements resulting in a compromise of consumer data could expose us to
regulatory enforcement action, limit our ability to provide services, subject us to litigation and/or damage our reputation. 

We face credit and
fraud risks from our agents and from consumers that could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

The vast majority of our global funds transfer business is conducted through third-party agents that provide our services to consumers at their retail locations. These agents sell our services, collect funds from consumers and are required
to pay the proceeds from these transactions to us. As a result, we have credit exposure to our agents. In some countries, our agent networks are comprised of agents that establish subagent relationships; these agents must collect funds from their
subagents in order to pay us. We are not insured against credit losses, except in certain circumstances related to agent theft or fraud. If an agent becomes insolvent, files for bankruptcy, commits fraud or otherwise fails to pay money order or
money transfer proceeds to us, we must nonetheless pay the money order or complete the money transfer on behalf of the consumer. 

29 

Table of Contents

From time to time, we have made, and may in the future make, short term advances and longer term loans to
our agents. These advances and loans generally are secured by settlement funds payable by us to these agents. However, the failure of these borrowing agents to repay these advances and loans constitutes a credit risk to us. 

We offer consumers the ability to transfer money utilizing their credit or debit card through various distribution channels such as the Internet or
telephone. Because they are not face-to-face transactions, these transactions involve a greater risk of fraud. We apply verification and other tools to help authenticate transactions and protect against fraud. However, these tools may not always be
successful in protecting us against fraud. As the merchant of these transactions, we may bear the financial risk of the full amount sent in some of the fraudulent transactions. Issuers of credit and debit cards may also incur losses due to
fraudulent transactions on our distribution channels and may elect to block transactions by their cardholders on those channels with or without notice. We have received notification recently from several issuing banks that credit or debit cards
issued by them are blocked from transacting on westernunion.com at this time. The Company is uncertain of the potential impact that these notifications may have over time. 

We have substantial debt obligations that could restrict our operations. In addition, our business, financial position and results of operations could be harmed by adverse rating actions by credit rating
agencies. 

As of December 31, 2006, we had approximately $3.3 billion in consolidated indebtedness, and we may also incur
additional substantial indebtedness in the future. 

Our indebtedness could have adverse consequences, including: 

•

 limiting our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders; 

•

 increasing our vulnerability to changing economic, regulatory and industry conditions; 

•

 limiting our ability to compete and our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry; 

•

 limiting our ability to borrow additional funds; and 

•

 requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for working capital,
capital expenditures, acquisitions and other purposes. 

There would be adverse tax consequences associated with using
earnings generated outside the United States to pay the interest and principal on our indebtedness. Accordingly, this portion of our cash flow will be unavailable under normal circumstances to service our debt obligations. 

It is important to our business to maintain an investment grade long-term credit rating. Currently, each of the major credit rating agencies has given
our outstanding indebtedness an investment grade rating. If our current rating is downgraded, or if ratings agencies indicate that a downgrade may occur, our business, financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected and
perceptions of our financial strength could be damaged. This could adversely affect our relationships with our agents, particularly those agents that are financial institutions or post offices. In addition, a downgrade or an indication that a
downgrade may occur also could result in regulators imposing additional capital and other requirements on us, including imposing restrictions on the ability of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends. Also, a downgrade could increase our costs
of borrowing money, adversely affecting our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Our consolidated balance sheet may not contain
sufficient amounts or types of regulatory capital to meet the changing requirements of our various regulators worldwide, which could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

As noted above, we have incurred substantial indebtedness. As a result, our stockholders’ deficiency as of December 31, 2006 was $314.8 million.
Our regulators likely will expect us to possess sufficient financial 

30 

Table of Contents

soundness and strength to adequately support our regulated subsidiaries. In addition, although we are not a bank holding company for purposes of United
States law or the law of any other jurisdiction, as a global provider of payments services and in light of the changing regulatory environment in various jurisdictions, we could be subject to new capital requirements introduced or imposed by our
regulators that could require us to issue securities that would qualify as Tier 1 regulatory capital under the Basel Committee accords or retain earnings over a period of time. Any of these requirements could adversely affect our business, financial
position and results of operations. 

We previously identified a material weakness in the design and operation of our internal control related to
compliance with SFAS No. 133. 

Based upon an evaluation of our documentation of hedging arrangements in accordance with SFAS
No. 133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities, as amended and interpreted (“SFAS No. 133”), we concluded that our foreign exchange forward contracts did not qualify for cash flow hedge accounting
since the initial documentation with respect to these instruments did not meet the technical requirements of SFAS No. 133. Accordingly, we previously restated our historical financial statements. In September 2006, we implemented new internal
control procedures to improve the effectiveness of our review over accounting for derivative financial instruments and to ensure that these transactions are accounted for in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States of America. These remedial actions included an additional review by a combination of internal and external personnel of hedging strategies and related documentation prior to implementing new or modified strategies, processes or documentation
to ensure hedge accounting is appropriately applied with respect to SFAS No. 133. In addition, we have revised and improved the documentation required at the initiation of a derivative instrument and also during the required periodic reviews.
We will continue to monitor the effectiveness of these processes, procedures and controls, and will make any further changes as management determines appropriate. Although we believe that we have identified the issues and taken adequate steps to
cause our accounting practices to comply with SFAS No. 133, there can be no assurance that additional significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal controls will not be discovered in the future. Any failure to sufficiently
address this material weakness, or the identification of additional significant deficiencies or material weaknesses, could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial position and results of operations. 

Risks Relating to the Spin-Off 

We may not realize the
potential benefits from the spin-off. 

We may not realize the potential benefits that we expect from our spin-off from First Data.
In addition, we have incurred and will incur significant costs, including those described below, which may exceed our estimates. 

Our historical
consolidated financial information is not necessarily indicative of our future financial position, future results of operations or future cash flows nor does it reflect what our financial position, results of operations or cash flows would have been
as a stand-alone company during the periods presented. 

Our historical consolidated financial information included in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K does not reflect what our financial position, results of operations or cash flows would have been as a stand-alone company during the periods presented and is not necessarily indicative of our future financial position, future
results of operations or future cash flows. This is primarily a result of the following factors: 

•

 Our historical consolidated financial results reflect allocation of expenses from First Data. Those allocations may be lower than the comparable expenses we would
have incurred as a stand-alone company. 

•

 Our working capital requirements historically were satisfied as part of First Data’s corporate-wide cash management policies. Following the spin-off, our cost
of debt and our capitalization are significantly different from that reflected in our historical consolidated financial statements. 

31 

Table of Contents

•

 Significant changes in our cost structure, financing and business operations are occurring as a result of our spin-off from First Data, including the costs for us
to establish our operating infrastructure and costs related to being a stand-alone company. 

Please refer to Item 7
of Part II and our historical consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on 10-K. 

We are incurring significant expenses to create the infrastructure necessary to operate as a stand-alone company, and we will experience increased on-going costs in connection with being a stand-alone company. 

Prior to the spin-off, we used First Data’s infrastructure to support our business functions, including the telecommunications system that supported
our operations and the systems that provided for accounting and financial reporting, accounts payable and receivable processing, procurement and human resource management. The expenses related to establishing and maintaining these infrastructures
were spread among all of the First Data businesses. As a result of the spin-off, we no longer have access to First Data’s infrastructure, and we are in the process of establishing our own, at a significant cost. 

First Data also performed many important corporate functions for us, including treasury, tax administration, accounting, financial reporting, human
resources, employee benefits and incentives, legal, procurement and other services. Prior to the spin-off, we paid First Data for these services on a cost-allocation basis. As a result of the spin-off, First Data is continuing to provide some of
these services to us on a transitional basis for a period of up to one year, pursuant to a transition services agreement we entered into with First Data. For more information regarding the transition services agreement, see “—Our
Relationship with First Data”. At the end of this transition period, we will need to perform these functions ourselves or hire third parties to perform these functions on our behalf. The costs associated with performing or outsourcing these
functions will, in our estimate, exceed those charged by First Data when we were part of First Data or during the transition period. A significant increase in the costs of performing or outsourcing these functions could adversely affect our
business, financial position and results of operations. 

Prior to the spin-off, our business benefited from First Data’s purchasing
power when procuring goods and services, including telecommunications services, computer hardware and software licenses, office supplies and equipment and travel services. As a stand-alone company, we may be unable to obtain goods and services at
comparable prices or on terms as favorable as those obtained prior to the spin-off, which could decrease our overall profitability. 

If the spin-off
does not qualify as a tax-free transaction, First Data and its stockholders could be subject to material amounts of taxes and, in certain circumstances, our company could be required to indemnify First Data for material taxes pursuant to
indemnification obligations under the tax allocation agreement. 

First Data received a private letter ruling from the Internal
Revenue Service to the effect that, among other things, the spin-off (including certain related transactions) qualifies as tax-free to First Data, us and First Data stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes under sections 355, 368 and
related provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, assuming, among other things, the accuracy of the representations made by First Data with respect to the matters on which the Internal Revenue Service did not rule. Although a private letter ruling
from the Internal Revenue Service generally is binding on the Internal Revenue Service, if the factual assumptions or representations made in the private letter ruling request, including those described above, were untrue or incomplete in any
material respect, then First Data will not be able to rely on the ruling. Furthermore, the Internal Revenue Service will not rule on whether a distribution such as a spin-off satisfies certain requirements necessary to obtain tax-free treatment
under section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code. Rather, the private letter ruling was based upon representations by First Data that those requirements would be satisfied, and any inaccuracy in such representations could invalidate the ruling.

32 

Table of Contents

The spin-off was conditioned upon First Data’s receipt of an opinion of Sidley Austin LLP, counsel
to First Data, to the effect that, with respect to the requirements referred to above on which the Internal Revenue Service did not rule, those requirements would be satisfied. The opinion assumed the effectiveness of the Internal Revenue Service
private letter ruling as to matters covered by the ruling. The opinion was based on, among other things, certain assumptions and representations as to factual matters made by First Data and us which, if untrue or incomplete in any material respect,
would jeopardize the conclusions reached by counsel in its opinion. The opinion is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service or the courts, and the Internal Revenue Service or the courts may not agree with the opinion. 

Western Union is not aware of any facts or circumstances that would cause the assumptions or representations relied upon in the private letter ruling or
the opinion of counsel to be untrue or incomplete in any material respect. If, notwithstanding receipt of the private letter ruling and opinion of counsel, the spin-off were determined to be a taxable transaction, each holder of First Data common
stock who received shares of our common stock in connection with the spin-off would generally be treated as receiving a taxable distribution in an amount equal to the fair market value of our common stock received. First Data would recognize taxable
gain equal to the excess of the fair market value of the consideration received by First Data in the contribution over First Data’s tax basis in the assets contributed to us in the contribution. 

With respect to taxes and other liabilities that could be imposed in connection with the spin-off (and certain related transactions), as a result of
a final determination that is inconsistent with the anticipated tax consequences, as set forth in the private letter ruling, under the terms of the tax allocation agreement we entered into with First Data prior to the spin-off, we will be liable to
First Data for any such taxes or liabilities attributable solely to actions taken by or with respect to us, one of our affiliates, or any person that, after the spin-off, is an affiliate thereof. See Item 1 of Part I. In addition, we will be
liable for 50% of any such taxes or liabilities (i) that would not have been imposed but for the existence of both an action by us and an action by First Data or (ii) where we and First Data each take actions that, standing alone, would
have resulted in the imposition of such taxes or liabilities. We may be similarly liable if we breach certain representations or covenants set forth in the tax allocation agreement. If we are required to indemnify First Data for taxes incurred as a
result of the spin-off being taxable to First Data, it would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Our separation from First Data could have negative consequences on our effective tax rate. 

As a result of the
spin-off, we are no longer able to file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return with First Data. As a consequence, net operating and capital losses, credits and other tax attributes generated by the First Data group are not available to offset
income earned or taxes owed by our consolidated group for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Any benefits relating to taxes arising from being part of the larger First Data group also may not be available. As a result of these and other
inefficiencies, the aggregate amount of U.S. federal income tax that we pay may increase and, in addition, we may not be able to realize fully certain of our deferred tax assets. 

We have accumulated approximately $829.5 million of foreign earnings at December 31, 2006, for which no provision has been made for U.S. federal
income taxes on those foreign earnings. We intend to reinvest those funds in foreign business as investment needs and opportunities arise, such as the recent acquisition of SEPSA. If such foreign investment needs and opportunities are not sufficient
at some point in the future, we could be required to report incremental U.S. federal income tax on the excess foreign earnings whether or not actually repatriated. Under such circumstances, our effective tax rate would increase. 

Under some circumstances, we could be prevented from engaging in strategic or capital raising transactions, and we could be liable to First Data for any resulting
adverse tax consequences. 

Even if the spin-off otherwise qualified as a tax-free distribution under section 355 of the Internal
Revenue Code, the spin-off may result in significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities to First Data if 50% or more of 

33 

Table of Contents

First Data’s stock or our stock (in each case, by vote or value) is treated as having been acquired, directly or indirectly, by one or more persons as
part of a plan (or series of related transactions) that includes the spin-off. For purposes of this test, any acquisitions of First Data stock or our stock, or any understanding, arrangement or substantial negotiations regarding an acquisition of
First Data stock or our stock, within two years before or after the spin-off are subject to special scrutiny. 

The process for determining
whether a change in control prohibited under the foregoing rules has occurred is complex, inherently factual and subject to interpretation of the facts and circumstances of a particular case. If a direct or indirect acquisition of First Data stock
or our stock resulted in a change in control prohibited under those rules, First Data (but not its stockholders) would recognize taxable gain. Under the tax allocation agreement, we will be required to indemnify First Data against any such tax
liabilities attributable solely to actions taken by or with respect to us (including certain of our affiliates). In addition, we will be liable for 50% of any such tax liabilities (i) that would not have been imposed but for the existence of
both an action by us and an action by First Data or (ii) where we and First Data each take actions that, standing alone, would have resulted in the imposition of such tax liabilities. We may be similarly liable if we breach certain
representations or covenants set forth in the tax allocation agreement. See Item 1 of Part I. As a result, we may be unable to engage in strategic or capital raising transactions that our stockholders might consider favorable, or to structure
potential transactions in the manner most favorable to us. 

Our accounting and other management systems and resources may not be adequately prepared
to meet the financial reporting and other requirements to which we are now subject. If we are unable to achieve and maintain effective internal controls, our business, financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our financial results previously were included within the consolidated results of First Data, and our reporting and control systems
were appropriate for those of subsidiaries of a public company. However, we were not directly subject to reporting and other requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which we refer to as the Exchange Act. As a result of the
spin-off, we are directly subject to reporting and other obligations under the Exchange Act. Beginning with our annual report for 2007, we will also be subject to the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which will
require annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting and a report by our independent registered public accounting firm addressing these assessments. Furthermore, we need to compile and submit
data for financial service regulators (such as various state banking regulators and European central banks). These reporting and other obligations place significant demands on our management and administrative and operational resources, including
accounting resources. To comply with these requirements, we are in the process of upgrading our systems, including information technology, implementing additional financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures and hiring
additional accounting and finance staff. If we are unable to upgrade our financial and management controls, reporting systems, information technology and procedures in a timely and effective fashion, our ability to comply with our financial
reporting requirements and other rules that apply to reporting companies could be impaired. Any failure to achieve and maintain effective internal controls could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.