for a discussion of certain risks relating to our foreign operations. 

Consumer-to-Consumer Segment 

Individual money transfers from one consumer to another are the core of our business, representing 84% of our total
consolidated revenues for 2011. We offer consumers a variety of ways to send money. Although most remittances are sent from one of our more than 485,000 agent locations worldwide, in some countries we offer the ability to send money over the
Internet or phone using a credit or debit card, or through a withdrawal directly from a consumer’s bank account or mobile wallet. All agent locations accept cash to initiate a transaction, and some also accept debit cards. We offer consumers
several options to receive a money transfer. While the vast majority of transfers are paid in cash at agent locations, in some places we offer payout directly to the receiver’s bank account, to a stored-value card, to a mobile phone or through
the issuance of a money order. 

Operations 

Our revenue is derived primarily from transaction fees charged to consumers to transfer money. In money transfers involving different send and receive currencies, we also generate revenue based on the
difference between the exchange rate set by us to the consumer and the rate at which we or our agents are able to acquire currency. 

7 

Table of Contents

In a typical money transfer transaction, a consumer goes to one of our agent
locations, completes a form specifying, among other things, the name and address of the recipient, and delivers it, along with the principal amount of the money transfer and the fee, to the agent. Certain of these processes are streamlined for our
customers who use our loyalty card. This sending agent enters the transaction information into our money transfer system and the funds are made available for payment, usually within minutes. The recipient enters an agent location in the designated
receiving area or country, presents identification and is paid the transferred amount. Recipients do not pay a fee (although in limited circumstances, a tax may be imposed by the local government on the receipt of the money transfer). We determine
the fee paid by the sender, which generally is based on the principal amount of the transaction and the send and receive locations. 

We generally pay our agents a commission based on a percentage of revenue. A commission is usually paid to both the agent that initiated the transaction, the “send agent,” and the agent that
paid the transaction, the “receive agent.” For most agents, the costs of providing the physical infrastructure and staff are typically covered by the agent’s primary business (e.g., postal services, banking, check cashing, travel and
retail businesses), making the economics of being a Western Union agent attractive. Western Union’s global reach and large consumer base allow us to attract agents we believe to be of high quality. 

To complement the convenience offered by our network’s global physical locations, in certain countries we have also
made our services available through other channels, as described below under “Services.” 

Over 85%
of our consumer-to-consumer transactions involve at least one non-United States location. No individual country outside the United States accounted for more than approximately 6% of our consolidated revenue for each of the years ended
December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009. Certain of our agents facilitate a large number of transactions; however, each individual agent accounted for less than 10% of the segment’s revenue during these periods. 

Services 

We offer money transfer services worldwide. In 2011, the substantial majority of our consumer-to-consumer transactions
were cash money transfers involving our walk-in agent locations around the world. Although demand for in-person, cash money transfers has historically been the strongest, we offer a number of options for sending and receiving funds that provide
consumers convenience and choice. The different ways consumers can send or receive money include the following: 

Walk-in money transfer service. The substantial majority of our remittances constitute transactions in which cash is collected by the agent and payment (usually cash) is available for pick-up
at another agent location in the designated receive location, usually within minutes. We also offer convenience to our consumers to initiate a transaction through the phone using a debit or credit card. To facilitate offering our services at retail
locations that do not have dedicated service staff, we provide “goCASH

sm

” in the United States and the United Kingdom, a money transfer service that lets consumers purchase money transfers at pre-set amounts in-lane, at a cash register, and then complete the transfer
over the phone through a Western Union customer service representative or through our website. We provide a “Cash to Card” service that provides consumers an option to direct funds to a Western Union branded stored-value card in the United
States, with the option to have the card delivered overnight to a consumer’s home. 

Our “Next
Day” delivery option is a money transfer that is available for payment the morning after the money transfer is sent. This option is available for certain domestic service within the United States, and in select United States outbound and
international corridors. The Next Day delivery service gives our consumers a lower-priced option for money transfers that do not need to be received within minutes, while still offering the convenience, reliability and ease-of-use that our consumers
expect. 

8 

Table of Contents

Online money transfer service. Our websites allow consumers to
send funds online, generally using a credit or debit card, for pay-out at most Western Union branded agent locations around the world. As of December 31, 2011, we are now providing online money transfer service in more than 20 countries,
allowing consumers in these countries to send money throughout the world. 

Account based money transfer
service. This service allows consumers to access Western Union services electronically, directly from their bank’s Internet or automated teller machine (“ATM”) banking service. Consumers can use their bank account to initiate
a Western Union money transfer electronically, without having to visit a physical Western Union agent location. In the United States, including some United States outbound corridors, Canada and in other select international corridors, we provide a
“Direct to Bank” service, enabling a consumer to send a transaction from an agent location directly to a bank account. Globally, we have relationships with over 80 banks that have agreed to offer one or more of these services, primarily
through their online banking portals. 

Mobile money transfer service. Our mobile money transfer
service provides consumers in certain countries with the ability to transfer money to a mobile wallet or bank account. Consumers in selected countries can also initiate transactions from their mobile phones and send money from mobile wallets or bank
accounts. As of December 31, 2011, there were over 150,000 Western Union agent locations enabled with the technology to transfer money to a mobile phone. 

Money transfer services through electronic channels, which include online, account based, and mobile money transfer,
combined were 3% of consolidated revenue for the year ended December 31, 2011. 

Distribution and Marketing Channels 

We offer our consumer-to-consumer service to millions of consumers around the world primarily through our global network
of third-party agents in almost every country and territory, with approximately 90% of our agent locations being located outside of the United States. Our agents facilitate the global distribution and convenience associated with our Western Union
and other brands, which in-turn helps create demand for our services and helps us to recruit and retain agents. Western Union agents include large networks such as post offices, banks and retailers and other established organizations that provide
other consumer products and services. Many of our agents have multiple locations. Our agents know the markets they serve and work with our management to develop business plans for their markets. Many of our agents contribute financial resources to,
or otherwise support, our efforts to market the business. Many agents operate in locations that are open outside of traditional banking hours, for example on nights and weekends. Our top 40 agents globally have been with us an average of
approximately 16 years and in 2011, these long-standing agents were involved in transactions that generated approximately 60% of our consumer-to-consumer revenue. 

We provide our third-party agents with our multi-currency, real-time money transfer processing systems used to originate
and pay money transfers. We continue to develop our network around the world to optimize send and receive corridors. Our systems and processes enable our agents to pay money transfers in more than 120 currencies worldwide. Certain of our agents can
pay in multiple currencies at a single location. Our agents provide the physical infrastructure and staff required to complete the transfers. Western Union provides central operating functions such as transaction processing, settlement, marketing
support and customer relationship management to our agents. 

Some of our agents outside the United States
manage subagents. We refer to these agents as superagents. Although our subagents are under contract with these superagents (and not with Western Union directly), the subagent locations typically have access to similar technology and services as our
other agent locations. 

Our international agents often customize services as appropriate for their geographic
markets. In some markets, individual agents are independently offering specific services such as stored-value card payout options 

9 

Table of Contents

or Direct to Bank service. We market our services to consumers in a number of ways, directly and indirectly through our agent partners, leveraging advertising promotional activities, grassroots,
digital, and loyalty programs. Our marketing benefits from feedback from our agents and consumers. 

Our
marketing strategy includes our global loyalty card program, which is available in a growing number of countries and territories. As of December 31, 2011, the loyalty card program was available in approximately 80 countries and territories and
had almost 18 million active cards, an increase of 2 million cards from December 31, 2010. The card offers customers faster service at the point-of-sale and, in certain countries and at westernunion.com, reduced transaction fees or
cash back. Loyalty card customers generally initiate more transactions and have a higher rate of retention than non-carded customers. Over 40% of Western Union branded consumer-to-consumer transactions are initiated using a loyalty card. The global
loyalty card program is one component of our customer relationship management strategy designed to support and enhance long-term relationships with our customers. Customer databases supplement these efforts by providing insight on customer
preferences so that we can selectively target customer communications and marketing. 

Industry Trends 

Over the last several years, except for 2009, the cross-border money transfer industry has experienced growth. Trends in
the cross-border money transfer business tend to correlate to migration trends, global economic opportunity and related employment levels worldwide. The top four inbound remittance countries in the world are India, China, Mexico and the Philippines,
and cumulatively receive an estimated $130 billion annually according to Aite Group LLC’s (“Aite”) July 2011 report. Due to the challenging global economy, including low consumer confidence and high unemployment, the demand for
money transfers has softened compared to historical growth rates. Aite projects cross-border remittance growth of approximately 5% in 2012. 

Another significant trend impacting the money transfer industry is the increase in regulation. Regulation in the United States and elsewhere focuses, in part, on anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist
activities and consumer protection. Regulations require money transfer providers, banks and other financial institutions to develop systems to prevent, detect, monitor and report certain transactions. 

Competition 

We face robust competition in the highly-fragmented consumer-to-consumer money transfer industry. We compete with a variety of remittance providers, including: 

•

 Global money transfer providers—Global money transfer providers allow consumers to send money to a wide variety of locations, in both
their home countries and abroad. 

•

 Regional money transfer providers—Regional money transfer providers, or “niche” players, provide the same services as global
money transfer providers, but focus on a smaller group of corridors or services within one region, such as North America to the Caribbean, Central or South America, or Western Europe to North Africa. 

•

 Banks and postbanks—Banks and postbanks of all sizes compete with us in a number of ways, including bank wire services and card-based
services. 

•

 Informal networks—Informal networks enable people to transfer funds without formal mechanisms and often without compliance with
government reporting requirements. We believe that such networks comprise a significant share of the market. 

•

 Electronic commerce—Online money transfer services allow consumers to send and receive money electronically using the Internet.

10 

Table of Contents

•

 Alternative channels—Alternative channels for sending and receiving money include mail and commercial courier services, money transfers
using mobile phones, and card-based options, such as ATM cards and stored-value cards. 

We
believe the most significant competitive factors in consumer-to-consumer remittances relate to brand recognition, trust and reliability, distribution network and channel options, and consumer experience and price. 

Global Business Payments Segment 

In our global business payments segment, we provide fast and convenient options to make one-time or recurring payments for consumers or businesses to other businesses. We allow consumers to make payments
to a variety of organizations, including utilities, auto finance companies, mortgage servicers, financial service providers, governmental agencies and other businesses. We also provide business-to-business payment services, primarily for
cross-border, cross-currency transactions. We can process payments using the customer’s credit card, debit card, bank account or cash depending on the service selected. We believe our business customers who receive payments through our services
benefit from their relationship with Western Union as it provides them with real-time or near real-time posting of their customer payments. In certain circumstances, our relationships with business customers also provide them with an additional
source of income, as well as reduced expenses for cash and check handling. 

Operations 

Our revenue in this segment is derived primarily from transaction fees paid by the customer. The
consumer payments fees are typically less than the fees charged in our consumer-to-consumer segment. Consumers may make a cash payment at an agent or owned location and businesses may remit a check, electronic or wire transfer in order to initiate a
transaction. In order to make an electronic payment, consumers or businesses initiate a transaction over the phone or the Internet which we process through credit card, debit card, automated clearing house (“ACH”) or wire transfer,
depending on the service selected. Our Internet services are provided through our own websites or, in certain circumstances, in partnership with other websites for which we act as the service provider. In cross-border transactions involving
different currencies, we primarily generate revenue based on the difference between the exchange rate set by us to the business or consumer and the rate at which we are able to acquire currency. In addition, we generate revenue from upfront
enrollment fees received for our Equity Accelerator®
 service, and we earn investment income on funds received
from services sold in advance of settlement with payment recipients. 

While we continue to pursue further
international expansion of our offerings in this segment, the majority of the segment’s revenue was generated in the United States during all periods presented. However, international expansion, including the TGBP acquisition, and other key
strategic initiatives have resulted in international revenue continuing to increase in this segment. 

Services 

Our global business payments services are available through a variety of products which give customers choices as to the
payment channel and method of payment, and include the following: 

Western Union Business Solutions
(“Business Solutions”). Business Solutions offers business-to-business payment solutions, primarily for cross-border, cross-currency transactions. This business also includes TGBP. These payment transactions are conducted through
various channels including the phone and Internet. Business Solutions serves as the service provider for other partner websites and also operates its own website. Payments are made predominately through wire transfers and ACH, but in some
situations, checks are remitted. The majority of Business Solutions’ business relates to exchanges of currency at the spot rate which enables customers to make cross-currency payments. In addition, in certain countries, we write foreign
currency forward and option contracts for customers to facilitate future payments. 

11 

Table of Contents

Western Union Payments. The Western Union
Payments service, formerly Quick Collect
®
, allows consumers to send funds to businesses and government agencies
across the United States and Canada, using cash and, in certain locations, a debit card. This service is offered primarily at Western Union agent locations, but may be provided via our westernunion.com website in limited situations. This service is
also offered in select international locations under the service mark Quick Pay

SM

. We also offer Quick Cash®
, a cash disbursement service used by
businesses and government agencies to send money to employees or individuals with whom they have accounts or other business relationships. Similar to our Western Union Payments service, consumers use our Western Union Convenience Pay
®
 (“Convenience Pay”) service to send payments by cash or check from a smaller number of Convenience Pay
agent locations primarily to utilities and telecommunication providers. We are in the process of consolidating all of these services to be marketed as Western Union Payments. 

Pago Fácil
®
. In South America, we offer walk-in, cash bill payment services which allow consumers to make payments for services such as phone, utilities and other recurring
bills. In Argentina, we provide this service under the Pago Fácil brand. We offer this service under the Western Union brand in Peru and Panama. 

Speedpay
®
. Our Speedpay service is offered principally in the United States and allows consumers to make payments to a variety of businesses using credit cards, debit
cards, ACH and in limited situations, checks. Payments are initiated over the phone or the Internet. We also partner with some businesses to allow their customers to access Speedpay from their websites. 

Equity Accelerator. Our Equity Accelerator service enables consumers to make mortgage
payments by ACH. It is marketed as a convenient way for homeowners to schedule additional recurring principal payments on their mortgages. Consumers who enroll in this service make mortgage payments based on an accelerated program, which results in
a more rapid reduction of their mortgage balance, as well as interest savings. We also offer a non-recurring mortgage payment service under the brand Just in Time EFT
®
. 

Distribution and Marketing Channels 

Our electronic consumer payment services are available primarily through the phone and the Internet, while our cash-based
consumer services are available through our agent networks and select Company owned locations. Our business payment services are offered through Company locations, phone, via the Internet and partner channels. 

Businesses market our services to consumers in a number of ways, and we market our services directly to consumers and
businesses using a variety of means, including advertising materials, promotional activities, call campaigns and attendance at trade shows and seminars. Our Internet services are marketed to consumers and businesses on our websites as well as
through co-branding arrangements with our website partners who offer our payment solutions. 

We have
relationships with more than 10,000 consumer payments businesses to which our customers can make payments. These relationships are a core component of our global business payments services. On average, we have provided our payment services to our
top 20 businesses to which our consumers can make payments for more than 14 years. No individual customer or business accounted for greater than 10% of this segment’s revenue during all periods presented. 

Industry Trends 

The global business payments industry has evolved with technological innovations that have created new methods of processing payments from individuals or businesses to other businesses. The various
products within the global business payments industry are in varying stages of development outside the United States. The cross-border payments industry is expected to expand considerably in the future due to the expanding global focus of many
businesses. We believe that the United States is in the midst of a trend away from cash and paper checks toward electronic payment methods accessible through multiple technologies. 

12 

Table of Contents

Competition 

Western Union competes with a diverse set of service providers offering both cash and electronic-based payment solutions and business-to-business payment services. Competition in electronic payments and
business-to-business payment services include financial institutions (which may offer consumer bill payment or business payment services in their own name or may “host” payment services operated under the names of their clients) and other
non-bank competitors. Competition for electronic payments also includes businesses offering their own or third-party services to their own customers and third-party providers of all sizes offering services directly to consumers. In many cases,
competitors specialize in a small number of industries. Competitors for cash payments include businesses that allow consumers to pay a bill at one of their locations, or at the location of a partner business, as well as mail and courier services.
The ongoing trend away from cash-based bill payments in the United States and competitive pressures, which result in lower cash-based bill payment volumes and a shift to lower revenue per transaction products, continue to impact this business.

We believe the most significant competitive factors in this segment relate to brand recognition, customer
service, trust and reliability, convenience, speed, variety of payment methods, service offerings and price. 

For additional details regarding our global business payments segment, see Item 7 of Part II and our historical
financial statements and the notes to those statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Other 

Our remaining businesses are grouped in the “Other” category, which primarily includes our money orders, which
are sold primarily in the United States and Canada, and our prepaid services. 

Customers use our money orders
for making purchases, paying bills, and as an alternative to checks that can be deposited directly into bank accounts or cashed at check cashiers, some banks and some retailers. We derive investment income from interest generated on our money order
settlement assets, which are primarily held in United States tax exempt state and municipal debt securities. 

Our prepaid cards are sold primarily in the United States through retail locations and on the Internet. This service
allows consumers to load money or receive a direct deposit onto the card for use at a later date. The card can be used to withdraw money from an ATM or used where debit cards are accepted. We have agreements with depository institutions insured by
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation that serve as the issuers of our cards in the United States. In the fourth quarter of 2011, we began offering certain of our prepaid cards in the United Kingdom and began testing in certain European
countries. 

Intellectual Property 

The Western Union brand, including trademark registrations in many countries, is material to our
Company. The international expansion of our agent network over the past decade has taken the Western Union brand nearly everywhere consumers send and receive money. The loss of the Western Union trademark or a diminution in the perceived quality
associated with the name would harm our growth. We offer money transfer services under the Western Union, Orlandi
Valuta
SM

 or Vigo®
 brands in more than 200 countries and territories, and various global business payment services under several brands
like Speedpay, Equity Accelerator, Just in Time EFT, Paymap
®
, Western Union Payments, Quick Collect, Convenience
Pay, Quick Pay, Quick Cash, Pago Fácil (registered in Argentina), Western Union Business Solutions and other trademarks and service marks, such as MoneyWise

TM

, that are also important to our Company. 

Our operating results over the past several years have allowed us to invest significantly each year to support our
brands. In 2011, we invested approximately $225 million to market, advertise and promote our brands and services, including costs of dedicated marketing personnel. Many of our agents have also contributed significant financial resources to
assist with marketing our services. 

13 

Table of Contents

We own patents and patent applications covering various aspects of our
processes and services. We have been, are and in the future may be, subject to claims and suits alleging that our technology or business methods infringe patents owned by others, both in and out of the United States. Unfavorable resolution of these
claims could require us to change how we deliver services, result in significant financial consequences, or both, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risk Management 

Our Company has a credit risk management department that evaluates and monitors our agent-related credit and fraud risks. We are exposed to credit risk related to receivable balances from agents in the
money transfer, walk-in bill payment and money order settlement process. We also are exposed to credit risk directly from consumer transactions particularly through our online services and electronic global business payment channels, where
transactions are originated through means other than cash, and may therefore be subject to “chargebacks,” insufficient funds, or other collection impediments, such as fraud. Our credit risk management team performs a credit review before
each agent signing and conducts periodic analyses. As a result, our losses associated with bad debts have been less than 1% of our annual revenue in each of the last three fiscal years. 

We are exposed to credit risk in our Business Solutions business relating to: (a) derivatives written by us to our
customers and (b) receivables from certain customers for which beneficiaries are paid prior to receiving cleared funds from the customer (known as “early release”). For the derivatives, the duration of these contracts is generally
nine months or less. The credit risk associated with our derivative contracts increases when foreign currency exchange rates move against our customers, possibly impacting their ability to honor their obligations to deliver currency to us or to
maintain appropriate collateral with us. For early release customers, collection ordinarily occurs within a few days. To mitigate risk, we perform credit reviews of the customer on an ongoing basis, and, for our derivatives, we may require certain
customers to post collateral or increase collateral based on the fair value of the customer’s contract and their risk profile. 

To manage our exposures to credit risk with respect to investment securities, money market fund investments and other credit risk exposures resulting from our relationships with banks and financial
institutions, we regularly review investment concentrations, trading levels, credit spreads and credit ratings, and we attempt to diversify our investments among global financial institutions. 

A key component of the Western Union business model is our ability to manage financial risk associated with conducting
transactions worldwide. We settle accounts with the majority of our agents in United States dollars or euros. We utilize foreign currency exchange contracts, primarily forward contracts, to mitigate the risks associated with currency fluctuations
and to provide predictability of future cash flows. Limited foreign currency risk arises with respect to the agent settlement process because the majority of money transfer transactions are paid within 24 hours after they are initiated and
agent settlements occur within a few days in most instances. 

Our financial results may fluctuate due to
changes in interest rates. We review our overall exposure to floating and fixed rates by evaluating our net asset or liability position in each, while also considering the duration of the individual positions. We manage this mix of fixed versus
floating exposure in an attempt to minimize risk, reduce costs and improve returns. Our exposure to interest rates can be modified by changing the mix of our interest-bearing assets, as well as adjusting the mix of fixed versus floating rate debt.
The latter is accomplished primarily through the use of interest rate swaps and the terms of any new debt issuances (i.e., fixed versus floating). We use interest rate swaps designated as hedges to increase the percentage of floating rate debt,
subject to market conditions. 

International Investment 

No provision has been made for United States federal and state income taxes on certain of our outside tax basis
differences, which primarily relate to accumulated foreign earnings of approximately $3.7 billion as of December 31, 2011, as we expect to reinvest these earnings outside the United States indefinitely. We intend to

14 

Table of Contents

invest these earnings to expand and diversify our global distribution and explore new service offerings and may also consider international acquisition opportunities. In 2011, our foreign cash
allowed us to acquire TGBP and the remaining interests in two of our largest European-based agents, Finint S.r.l. (“Finint”) and Angelo Costa, S.r.l. (“Costa”). However, if we are unable to utilize accumulated earnings outside of
the United States and we repatriate these earnings to the United States in the form of actual or constructive dividends, we would be subject to United States federal income taxes (subject to an adjustment for foreign tax credits), state income taxes
and possible withholding taxes payable to various foreign countries. Such taxes could be significant. 

Regulation 

Our business is subject to a wide range of laws and regulations enacted by the United States federal government, each of
the states, many localities and many other countries and jurisdictions, including the European Union. These include financial services regulations, consumer disclosure and consumer protection laws, currency control regulations, money transfer and
payment instrument licensing regulations, payment service laws, rules, laws and regulations including those governing credit and debit cards, electronic payments, foreign exchange hedging services and the sale of spot, forward and option currency
contracts, unclaimed property laws, competition laws and laws covering consumer privacy, data protection and information security. Our services also are subject to an increasingly strict set of legal and regulatory requirements intended to help
detect and prevent money laundering, terrorist financing and other illicit activity. Failure to comply with any of these requirements—by either Western Union or its agents or their subagents (who are third parties, over whom Western Union has
limited legal and practical control)—could result in the suspension or revocation of a license or registration required to provide money transfer services and/or payment services or foreign exchange products, the limitation, suspension or
termination of services, the seizure of our assets, and/or the imposition of civil and criminal penalties, including fines and restrictions on our ability to offer services. 

We have developed and continue to enhance our global compliance programs, including our anti-money laundering program,
which comprises policies, procedures, systems and internal controls to monitor and to address various legal and regulatory requirements. In addition, we continue to adapt our business practices and strategies to help us comply with current and
evolving legal standards and industry practices. These programs include dedicated compliance personnel, training and monitoring programs, suspicious activity reporting, regulatory outreach and education, and support and guidance to our agent network
on regulatory compliance. Our money transfer network operates through third-party agents in most countries, and, therefore, there are limitations on our legal and practical ability to completely control those agents’ compliance activities.

Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Act”) became United States federal law in
2010. The Act created a new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the “CFPB”) whose purpose is to issue and enforce consumer protection initiatives governing financial products and services, including money transfer services. The CFPB will
create additional regulatory oversight for us. Recent remittance regulations issued by the CFPB, which become effective in February 2013, will impact our business in a variety of areas. These include a requirement to provide enhanced pre-transaction
disclosures, an obligation to resolve various errors, including certain errors that may be outside the remittance provider’s control, and an obligation to cancel transactions at a consumer’s request. We will need to modify certain of our
systems, business practices, service offerings or procedures at agent locations. We will also become liable for the failure of our money transfer agents to comply with the rules and will need to establish and implement additional policies,
procedures, and oversight measures designed to assure compliance by our agents. The extent of these policies, procedures, and measures may be considered by the CFPB in any action or proceeding against us for noncompliance with the rules by our
agents. We may also be subject to examination by the CFPB. In addition, rules adopted under the Act by other governmental agencies may subject our corporate interest rate and foreign exchange hedging transactions to centralized clearing, centralized
trading, collateral posting and other requirements. Also, our Business Solutions business in the United States may be subjected to increased regulatory oversight and licensing requirements relating to the foreign exchange derivative products offered
to certain of its customers. 

15 

Table of Contents

Money Transfer and Payment Instrument Licensing and Regulation 

In the United States, most states license money transfer services providers and many exercise authority over the
operations of our money transfer services and, as part of this authority, regularly examine us. Many states require us to invest the proceeds of money transfers in highly-rated, investment grade securities, and our use of such investments is
restricted to satisfy outstanding settlement obligations. We regularly monitor credit risk and attempt to mitigate our exposure by investing in highly-rated securities in compliance with these regulations. The majority of our investment securities,
classified within “Settlement assets” in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, are held to comply with state licensing requirements in the United States and had credit ratings of “AA–” or better from a major credit rating agency
as of December 31, 2011. 

These licensing laws also cover matters such as government approval of
controlling shareholders and senior management of our licensed entities, regulatory approval of agents and in some instances their locations, consumer disclosures and the filing of periodic reports by the licensee, and require the licensee to
demonstrate and maintain certain net worth levels. Many states also require money transmitters and their agents to comply with federal and/or state anti-money laundering laws and regulations. 

Our money transfer and money order services are subject to anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including the Bank
Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (collectively, the “BSA”) and similar state laws and regulations. The BSA, among other things, requires money transfer companies and the issuers and sellers of money orders, to develop
and implement risk-based anti-money laundering programs, report large cash transactions and suspicious activity, and in some cases, to collect and maintain information about consumers who use their services and maintain other transaction records.
Many states impose similar and, in some cases, more stringent requirements. These requirements also apply to our agents. In addition, the United States Department of the Treasury has interpreted the BSA to require money transfer companies to conduct
due diligence into and risk-based monitoring of their agents inside and outside the United States. 

Economic
and trade sanctions programs administered by the United States Department of the Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) prohibit or restrict transactions to or from (or dealings with) certain countries, their governments, and
in certain circumstances, their nationals, as well as with specifically-designated individuals and entities such as narcotics traffickers, terrorists and terrorist organizations. We provide very limited consumer-to-consumer services to individuals
in Cuba, Syria and Sudan pursuant to and as authorized by advisory opinions of, or licenses granted by, OFAC. 

Outside of the United States, our money transfer business is subject to some form of regulation in all of the countries
and territories in which we offer those services. These laws and regulations may include limitations on what types of entities may offer money transfer services, limitations on the amount of principal that can be sent into or out of a country,
limitations on the number of money transfers that may be sent or received by a consumer and controls on the rates of exchange between currencies. They may also include laws and regulations intended to help detect and prevent money laundering or
terrorist financing, including reporting requirements similar to those required under the BSA. In most countries, either we or our agents are required to obtain licenses or to register with a government authority in order to offer money transfer
services. 

The Payment Services Directive (“PSD”), which became effective on November 1, 2009,
has changed the payments market in the European Union (“EU”), harmonizing the licensing and certain other requirements for offering payment services within the EU. Previously, those requirements differed significantly among these
countries. The PSD, along with similar laws in other jurisdictions, have imposed new rules on payment service providers like Western Union. In particular, Western Union has become responsible for the regulatory compliance of our agents who are
engaged by one of our payments institution subsidiaries. The majority of our EU business is managed through our PSD subsidiary, which is regulated by Ireland. Thus, the risk of adverse regulatory action against us because of the actions of our
agents in those areas has increased. Under the PSD, we are subject to investment safeguarding rules and periodic examinations similar to those we are subject to in the 

16 

Table of Contents

United States. These rules have resulted in increased compliance costs and may lead to increased competition in our areas of service. Additional countries may adopt legislation similar to these
laws. The PSD, as well as legislation in other countries such as Russia, has also allowed an increased number of non-bank entities to become money transfer agents. 

We have developed and continue to enhance global compliance programs to monitor and to address various legal and
regulatory requirements. Our money transfer network operates through third-party agents in most countries, and our legal and practical ability to control those agents’ compliance activities is limited. To assist in managing and monitoring money
laundering and terrorist financing risks, we have developed and continue to enhance our global compliance programs, including an anti-money laundering compliance program, which comprises policies, procedures, systems and internal controls. We have
employees in a number of our offices around the world dedicated to our global compliance program efforts. In connection with an agreement and settlement with the State of Arizona and other states entered into in February 2010, we have funded
$71 million, a portion of which was paid to a not-for-profit organization to promote safety and security along the entire United States and Mexico border, with the rest paid to the State of Arizona for its costs associated with this matter.
This agreement and settlement also resolved all outstanding legal issues and claims with the State of Arizona. In addition, as part of the agreement and settlement, we have made and expect to make certain investments in our compliance programs along
the United States and Mexico border and a monitor has been engaged for those programs. The costs of the investments in our programs and for the monitor are expected to reach up to $23 million over the period from signing to 2013. See also
Item 1A, Risk Factors—“Western Union is the subject of governmental investigations and consent agreements with or enforcement actions by regulators” for more information on this agreement and settlement, including the
potential impact on our business. 

Government agencies both inside and outside the United States may impose
new or additional rules on money transfers affecting us or our agents or their subagents, including regulations that: 

•

 prohibit transactions in, to or from certain countries, governments and individuals and entities; 

•

 impose additional identification, reporting or recordkeeping requirements; 

•

 limit the types of entities capable of providing money transfer services or impose additional licensing or registration requirements;

•

 impose minimum capital or other financial requirements on us or our agents and their subagents; 

•

 limit or restrict the revenue which may be generated from money transfers, including transaction fees and revenue derived from foreign exchange;

•

 require enhanced disclosures to our money transfer customers; 

•

 require the principal amount of money transfers originated in a country to be invested in that country or held in trust until they are paid;

•

 limit the number or principal amount of money transfers which may be sent to or from the jurisdiction, whether by an individual, through one agent
or in aggregate; or 

•

 impose taxes or fees on money transfer transactions. 

Unclaimed Property Regulations 

Our Company is
subject to unclaimed property laws in the United States and abroad. These laws require us to turn over to certain government authorities the property of others held by our Company that has been unclaimed

17 

Table of Contents

for a specified period of time, such as unpaid money transfers and money orders. We hold property subject to unclaimed property laws and we have an ongoing program to comply with the laws. We are
subject to audits with regard to our escheatment practices. 

Privacy and Information Security Regulations 

The collection, transfer, disclosure, use and storage of personal information is required to provide our services. These
activities are subject to information security standards, data privacy, data breach and related laws and regulations in the United States and other countries. In the United States, data privacy and data breach laws such as the federal
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and various state laws apply directly to a broad range of financial institutions including money transmitters like Western Union, and indirectly to companies that provide services to those institutions. Many state laws require
us to provide notification to affected individuals, state officers and consumer reporting agencies in the event of a security breach of computer databases or physical documents that contain certain types of non-public personal information and
present a risk for unauthorized use. 

The collection, transfer, disclosure, use and storage of personal
information required to provide our services is subject to data privacy laws outside of the United States, such as laws adopted pursuant to the EU’s 95/46 EC Directive of the European Parliament (the “Data Protection Directive”),
Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, individual European national laws and data privacy laws of other provinces or countries. In some cases, the laws of a country may be more restrictive than the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and the laws developed to comply with the Data Protection Directive may impose additional duties on companies. Each of these laws may restrict the collection, transfer, processing, storage, use and disclosure of sensitive
personal information, require notice to individuals of privacy practices and may give individuals certain rights to prevent the use or disclosure of personal information for secondary purposes such as marketing. 

These regulations, laws and industry standards also impose requirements for safeguarding personal information through the
issuance of internal data security standards, controls or guidelines. 

In connection with regulatory
requirements to assist in the prevention of money laundering and terrorist financing and pursuant to legal obligations and authorizations, Western Union makes information available to certain United States federal and state, as well as certain
foreign government agencies when required by law. In recent years, these agencies have increased their requests for such information from Western Union and other companies (both financial service providers and others), particularly in connection
with efforts to prevent terrorist financing or identity theft. During the same period, there has also been increased public attention regarding the corporate use and disclosure of personal information, accompanied by legislation and regulations
intended to strengthen data protection, information security and consumer privacy. These regulatory goals—the prevention of money laundering, terrorist financing and identity theft and the protection of the individual’s right to
privacy—may conflict, and the law in these areas is not consistent or settled. While we believe that Western Union is compliant with its regulatory responsibilities, the legal, political and business environments in these areas are rapidly
changing, and subsequent legislation, regulation, litigation, court rulings or other events could expose Western Union to increased program costs, liability and reputational damage. 

Banking Regulation 

We have subsidiaries that
operate under banking licenses granted by the Austrian Financial Market Authority and the Brazilian Central Bank which subject these subsidiaries to Austrian and Brazilian regulations. We are also subject to regulation, examination and supervision
by the New York Department of Financial Services (the “Financial Services Department”), which has regulatory authority over our entity that holds all interests in these subsidiaries, a limited liability investment company organized under
Article XII of the New York Banking Law. An Agreement of Supervision with the Financial Services Department imposes various regulatory requirements including operational limitations, capital requirements, affiliate transaction limitations, and
notice and reporting requirements. Financial Services Department approval is required under the New York Banking Law and the Agreement of Supervision prior to any change in control of the Article XII investment company. 

18 

Table of Contents

Since these subsidiaries do not operate any banking offices in the United
States and do not conduct business in the United States except as may be incidental to their activities outside the United States, our Company’s affiliation with these subsidiaries does not cause them to be subject to the provisions of the Bank
Holding Company Act in the United States. 

Other 

Some of our services are subject to card association rules and regulations. For example, an independent standards-setting
organization, the Payment Card Industry (“PCI”) Security Standards Council (including American Express, Discover Financial Services, JCB International, MasterCard Worldwide and Visa Inc. International) developed a set of comprehensive
requirements concerning payment card account security through the transaction process, called the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (“PCI DSS”). All merchants and service providers that store, process and transmit payment card
data are required to comply with PCI DSS as a condition to accepting credit cards. We are subject to annual reviews to ensure compliance with PCI regulations worldwide and are subject to fines if we are found to be non-compliant. 

Stored-value services offered by Western Union prepaid services are subject to United States federal and state laws and
regulations, as well as laws and regulations outside of the United States, related to consumer protection, licensing, escheat and money laundering. As we begin offering similar services internationally, those services may be subject to various
country laws. These laws are evolving, and the extent to which they apply to Western Union or its consumers is sometimes unclear. While we are unable to determine the full impact that new laws and changing interpretations may have on these services,
recent history suggests that new rules may, among other things, broaden our liability for the services and increase the scope of the information that we and our agents must collect, maintain and report about consumers. 

Employees and Labor 

As of January 31, 2012, our businesses employed approximately 8,000 employees, of which approximately 6,000 employees are located outside of the United States. 

Available Information 

The Western Union Company is a Delaware corporation and its principal executive offices are located at 12500 East Belford Avenue, Englewood, CO, 80112, telephone (866) 405-5012. The Company’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports are available free of charge through the “Financial Information” portion of the Company’s web
site, www.westernunion.com, as soon as reasonably practical after they are filed with the SEC. The SEC maintains a web site, www.sec.gov, which contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information filed electronically with the
SEC by the Company. 

19 

Table of Contents

Executive Officers of the Registrant 

As of February 24, 2012, our executives consist of the individuals listed below: 

 Name

Age

 Position

 Hikmet Ersek

51

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director

 Rajesh K. Agrawal

46

Executive Vice President and President, Western Union Business Solutions

 John R. Dye

52

Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

 Robin S. Heller

46

Executive Vice President and Chief Integration Officer

 Paula S. Larson

49

Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer

 Scott T. Scheirman

49

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Global Operations

 Diane Scott

41

Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer and President, Western Union Ventures

 Stewart A. Stockdale

50

Executive Vice President and President, Global Consumer Financial Services

Hikmet Ersek is our President and Chief Executive Officer (from September
2010) and a member of the Company’s Board of Directors (from April 2010). From January 2010 to August 2010, Mr. Ersek served as the Company’s Chief Operating Officer. Prior to January 2010, Mr. Ersek served as the
Company’s Executive Vice President and Managing Director, Europe, Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific Region from December 2008. From September 2006 to December 2008, Mr. Ersek served as the Company’s Executive Vice President and
Managing Director, Europe/Middle East/Africa/South Asia. Prior to September 2006, Mr. Ersek held various positions of increasing responsibility with Western Union. Prior to joining Western Union in September 1999, Mr. Ersek was with GE
Capital specializing in European payment systems and consumer finance. 

Rajesh K. Agrawal is our
Executive Vice President (from November 2011) and President, Western Union Business Solutions (from August 2011). Prior to August 2011, Mr. Agrawal served as General Manager, Business Solutions since November 2010, and as Senior Vice President
of Finance for Business Units, from August 2010 to November 2010. Previously, Mr. Agrawal served as Senior Vice President of Finance of the Company’s Europe, Middle East, and Africa and Asia Pacific regions from July 2008 to August 2010,
and as Senior Vice President and Treasurer from August 2006 to May 2008. Mr. Agrawal joined Western Union in 2006. 

John R. Dye is our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. Prior to taking this position in November 2011, Mr. Dye was Senior Vice President, Interim General Counsel and
Corporate Secretary of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (“FHLMC”) from July 2011. From July 2007 to July 2011, Mr. Dye served as Senior Vice President, Principal Deputy General Counsel Corporate Affairs, of FHLMC. Prior to
joining FHLMC, Mr. Dye served as Associate General Counsel at Citigroup Inc. from August 1999 to July 2007, and as Senior Vice President and Senior Counsel at Salomon Smith Barney from 1994 to 1999. Prior to that time, Mr. Dye was an
attorney at the law firm of Brown & Wood. 

Robin S. Heller is our Executive Vice President and
Chief Integration Officer. Prior to taking this position in January 2012, she was Executive Vice President, Operations and IT since September 2006. From November 2004 to September 2006, she was Senior Vice President, Global Operations for First
Data. From July 2003 to November 2004, Ms. Heller served in a similar capacity with Western Union. Prior to that time, she was Senior Vice President, Sales, Marketing and Operations for Western Union Commercial Services from July 2002 until
June 2003 and Senior Vice President, Operations and Client Management for Integrated Payment Systems Inc. (“IPS”), a First Data subsidiary, from July 2000 until June 2002. Ms. Heller joined First Data in 1988. 

20 

Table of Contents

Paula S. Larson is our Executive Vice President and Chief Human
Resources Officer. Prior to taking this position in November 2011, Ms. Larson was Chief Human Resources Officer for Invensys Plc from April 2005 to March 2011. Prior to that time, Ms. Larson held various senior human resources positions at
Eaton Corporation and subsidiaries of General Electric Company. 

Scott T. Scheirman is our Executive
Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Global Operations. Mr. Scheirman has been the Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer since September 2006 and assumed the additional responsibilities of Global Operations in January 2012.
In addition, from June 2011 through November 2011, Mr. Scheirman served as interim Chief Human Resources Officer for the Company. Prior to becoming the Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer in September 2006, Mr. Scheirman held
a variety of positions with increasing responsibility at First Data, including Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Western Union from 1999 to September 2006. Prior to joining First Data in 1992, Mr. Scheirman was with
Ernst & Young LLP. 

Diane Scott is our Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer
(from April 2011) and President, Western Union Ventures (from August 2011). Prior to April 2011, Ms. Scott was Senior Vice President, Marketing, Americas since March 2009. From March 2008 to March 2009, Ms. Scott served as Vice President,
Marketing Services, and General Manager, Domestic Money Transfer. From March 2007 to March 2008, Ms. Scott served as Vice President, Domestic Money Transfer and Marketing Services, and from January 2005 to March 2007, she served as Vice
President and General Manager, Domestic Money Transfer. Ms. Scott joined Western Union in 2001. 

Stewart A. Stockdale is our Executive Vice President and President, Global Consumer Financial Services. Prior to
taking this position in April 2011, Mr. Stockdale served as President, Americas and Executive Vice President, Global Cards and Global Key Accounts, from January 2010, and as Executive Vice President and President, Americas from November 2008 to
January 2010. From June 2008 to November 2008, Mr. Stockdale served as Executive Vice President and President, United States and Canada, with Western Union. Prior to joining Western Union in June 2008, Mr. Stockdale served as the President
of Simon Brand Ventures and as Chief Marketing Officer of Simon Property Group since 2002. 

21 

Table of Contents

 

There are many factors that affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, some of which are beyond our control. These risks include, but are not limited to, the risks described
below. Such risks are grouped according to: 

•

 Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry; 

•

 Risks Related to Our Regulatory and Litigation Environment; and 

•

 Risks Related to the Spin-Off. 

You should carefully consider all of these risks. 

Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry

If consumers’ confidence in our business or in traditional money transfer and payment service providers
generally deteriorates, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Our business is built on consumers’ confidence in our brands and our ability to provide fast, reliable money transfer and payment services. Erosion in consumers’ confidence in our business, or
in traditional money transfer and payment service providers as a means to transfer money, could adversely impact transaction volumes which would in turn adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

A number of factors could adversely affect consumers’ confidence in our business, or in traditional money transfer
and payment service providers generally, many of which are beyond our control, and could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. These factors include: 

•

 changes or proposed changes in laws or regulations that have the effect of making it more difficult for consumers to transfer money using
traditional money transfer and payment service providers; 

•

 failure of our agents or subagents to deliver services in accordance with our requirements; 

•

 reputational concerns resulting from actual or perceived events; 

•

 actions by federal, state or foreign regulators that interfere with our ability to transfer consumers’ money reliably, for example, attempts to
seize money transfer funds, or limit our ability to or prohibit us from transferring money in certain corridors; 

•

 federal, state or foreign legal requirements, including those that require us to provide consumer data to a greater extent than is currently
required; 

•

 any significant interruption in our systems, including by fire, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorism, vendor failure,
unauthorized entry and computer viruses or disruptions in our workforce; and 

•

 any breach of our security policies or legal requirements resulting in a compromise of consumer privacy or data use and security.

Many of our money transfer consumers are migrants. Consumer advocacy groups or governmental
agencies could consider migrants to be disadvantaged and entitled to protection, enhanced consumer disclosure, or other different treatment. If consumer advocacy groups are able to generate widespread support for positions that are detrimental to
our business, then our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

22 

Table of Contents

Difficult conditions in global financial markets, global economic downturns and
financial market disruptions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The global capital and credit markets have experienced in recent years, and in the future may experience, unprecedented volatility and disruption and we face certain risks relating to such events,
including: 

•

 Our agents or clients could experience reduced sales or business as a result of a deterioration in economic conditions. As a result, our agents
could reduce their numbers of locations or hours of operation, or cease doing business altogether. Businesses using our services may make fewer cross-currency payments or may have fewer customers making payments to them through us, particularly
businesses in those industries that may be more affected by an economic downturn. 

•

 Our exposure to receivables from our agents, consumers and businesses could impact us. For more information on this risk, see risk factor,
“We face credit, liquidity and fraud risks from our agents, consumers and businesses that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.” 

•

 The market value of the securities in our investment portfolio may substantially decline. The impact of that decline in value may adversely affect
our results of operations and financial condition. 

•

 The counterparties to the derivative financial instruments that we use to reduce our exposure to various market risks, including changes in interest
rates and foreign exchange rates, may fail to honor their obligations, which could expose us to risks we had sought to mitigate. That failure could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

•

 We aggregate our foreign exchange exposures in our Business Solutions business, including the exposure generated by the derivative contracts we
write to our customers as part of our cross-currency payments business, and typically hedge the net exposure through offsetting contracts with established financial institution counterparties. If our customers fail to honor their obligations or if
the counterparties to our offsetting positions fail to honor their obligations, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

•

 We may be unable to refinance our existing indebtedness as it becomes due or we may have to refinance on unfavorable terms, which could require us
to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, share repurchases, dividends, and other purposes.

•

 Our revolving credit facility with a consortium of banks is one source for funding liquidity needs and also backs our commercial paper program. If
any of the banks participating in our credit facility fails to fulfill its lending commitment to us, our short-term liquidity and ability to support borrowings under our commercial paper program could be adversely affected.

•

 The third-party service providers on whom we depend may experience difficulties in their businesses, which may impair their ability to provide
services to us and have a potential impact on our own business. The impact of a change or temporary stoppage of services may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

•

 Banks upon which we rely to conduct our business could fail or be unable to satisfy their obligations to us. This could lead to our inability to
access funds and/or credit losses for us and could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. 

•

 If market disruption and volatility occurs, we could experience difficulty in accessing capital and our business, financial condition and results of
operations could be adversely impacted. 

23 

Table of Contents

Risks associated with operations outside the United States and foreign currencies
could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

An increasing
portion of our revenue is generated in currencies other than the United States dollar. As a result, we are subject to risks associated with changes in the value of our revenues denominated in foreign currencies. Our Business Solutions business
provides currency conversion and, in certain countries, foreign exchange hedging services to its customers, further exposing us to foreign currency exchange risk. In order to mitigate these risks, we enter into derivative contracts. However, these
contracts do not eliminate all of the risks related to fluctuating foreign currency rates. 

Our foreign
exchange risk is greater, and our foreign exchange risk management is heightened, in our Business Solutions business. The significant majority of Business Solutions’ revenue is from exchanges of currency at the spot rate enabling customers to
make cross-currency payments. In certain countries, this business also writes foreign currency forward and option contracts for our customers. The duration of these derivatives contracts is generally nine months or less. The credit risk associated
with our derivative contracts increases when foreign currency exchange rates move against our customers, possibly impacting their ability to honor their obligations to deliver currency to us or to maintain appropriate collateral with us. Business
Solutions aggregates its foreign exchange exposures arising from customer contracts, including the derivative contracts described above, and hedges the resulting net currency risks by entering into offsetting contracts with established financial
institution counterparties. If we are unable to obtain offsetting positions, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

A significant portion of our revenue is generated outside of the United States and much of the cash and cash equivalents
from this business are held by our foreign entities. Repatriating these funds to the United States would, in many cases, result in significant tax obligations because most of these funds have been taxed at foreign tax rates that are relatively low
compared to our combined federal and state tax rates in the United States. If repatriation of these funds is required or if a change in legislation requires a different tax treatment, our business, financial condition and results of operations could
be adversely impacted. For further discussion regarding the risk that our future effective tax rates could be adversely impacted by changes in tax laws, both domestically and internationally, see risk factor “Changes in tax laws and
unfavorable resolution of tax contingencies could adversely affect our tax expense” below. 

Money transfers and payments to, from, within, or between countries may be limited or prohibited by law. At
times in the past, we have been required to cease operations in particular countries due to political uncertainties or government restrictions imposed by foreign governments or the United States. Occasionally agents have been required by their
regulators to cease offering our services, see risk factor “

Regulatory initiatives and changes in laws, regulations and industry practices and standards affecting our agents or subagents could require changes in our business
model and increase our costs of operations, which could adversely affect our operations, results of operations and financial condition” 

below. Additionally, economic or political instability or natural disasters may make money
transfers to, from, within, or between particular countries difficult or impossible, such as when banks are closed, when currency devaluation makes exchange rates difficult to manage or when natural disasters or civil unrest makes access to agent
locations unsafe. These risks could negatively impact our ability to offer our services, to make payments to or receive payments from international agents or our subsidiaries or our ability to recoup funds that have been advanced to international
agents or are held by our subsidiaries and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the general state of telecommunications and infrastructure in some lesser developed countries, including
countries where we have a large number of transactions, creates operational risks for us and our agents that generally are not present in our operations in the United States and other more developed countries.

Many of our agents outside the United States are post offices, which are usually owned and operated by national
governments. These governments may decide to change the terms under which they allow post offices to offer remittances and other financial services. For example, governments may decide to separate financial service

24 

Table of Contents

operations from postal operations, or mandate the creation or privatization of a “post bank” or they may require multiple service providers in their network. These changes could have an
adverse effect on our ability to distribute, offer or price our services in countries that are material to our business. 

Interruptions in migration patterns, including as a result of economic conditions, could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Our consumer-to-consumer money transfer business relies in large
part on migration, which brings workers to countries with greater economic opportunities than those available in their native countries. A significant portion of money transfers are sent by international migrants. Migration is affected by (among
other factors) overall economic conditions, the availability of job opportunities, changes in immigration laws, and political or other events (such as war, terrorism or health emergencies) that would make it more difficult for workers to migrate or
work abroad. Changes to these factors could adversely affect our remittance volume and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Many of our consumers work in industries that may be impacted by deteriorating economic conditions more quickly or
significantly than other industries. Reduced job opportunities, especially in construction, manufacturing, hospitality, agriculture and retail, or overall weakness in the world’s economies could adversely affect the number of money transfer
transactions, the principal amounts transferred and correspondingly our results of operations. If general market softness in the economies of countries important to migrant workers occurs, our results of operations could be adversely impacted.
Additionally, if our consumer transactions decline, if the amount of money that consumers send per transaction declines, or if migration patterns shift due to weak or deteriorating economic conditions, our results of operations may be adversely
affected. 

Our ability to adapt technology in response to changing industry and consumer needs or trends poses a
challenge to our business. 

Our ability to compete in the markets we serve may be threatened by
change, including changes in technology, changes with respect to consumer needs, competition and industry standards. We actively seek solutions that respond in a timely manner to new technology-based money transfer services such as Internet,
phone-based money transfer services and prepaid, stored-value and other card-based money transfer services. Failure to respond well to these challenges could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, even
if we respond well to these challenges, the business and financial models offered by many of these alternative, more technology-reliant means of money transfer and electronic payment solutions may be less advantageous to us than the model offered by
our traditional cash/agent model. 

Acquisitions and integration of new businesses create risks and may affect operating results.

We have acquired and may acquire businesses both inside and outside the United States. The
acquisition and integration of businesses involve a number of risks. The core risks involve valuation (negotiating a fair price for the business based on inherently limited due diligence) and integration (managing the complex process of integrating
the acquired company’s people, products and services, technology and other assets in an effort to realize the projected value of the acquired company and the projected synergies of the acquisition). In addition, the need in some cases to
improve regulatory compliance standards is another risk associated with acquiring companies, see “Risks Related to Our Regulatory and Litigation Environment” below. Acquisitions often involve additional or increased risks including, for
example: 

•

 managing geographically separated organizations, systems and facilities; 

•

 managing multi-jurisdictional operating, tax and financing structures; 

•

 integrating personnel with diverse business backgrounds and organizational cultures; 

25 

Table of Contents

•

 integrating the acquired technologies into our Company; 

•

 realization of anticipated financial benefits from these acquisitions and where necessary, improving internal controls of these acquired businesses;

•

 complying with regulatory requirements; 

•

 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 

•

 enforcement of intellectual property rights in some foreign countries; 

•

 difficulty entering new markets with the services of the acquired businesses; and 

•

 general economic and political conditions, including legal and other barriers to cross-border investment in general, or by United States companies
in particular. 

Integrating operations could cause an interruption of, or divert resources
from, one or more of our businesses and could result in the loss of key personnel. The diversion of management’s attention and any delays or difficulties encountered in connection with an acquisition and the integration of the acquired
company’s operations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

As of December 31, 2011, we had $3,198.9 million of goodwill comprising approximately 35% of our total assets. An impairment review of goodwill is conducted at least once a year (including
qualitative and quantitative assessments) to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. The assessment of goodwill will be performed more frequently than once a year if
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the goodwill may not be recoverable. If we are unsuccessful in integrating the businesses we have acquired or acquire in the future, or if these acquired businesses experience
declines in operating income or cash flows, adverse changes in the business climate, or if we are unable to successfully execute our strategy for these businesses, we may be required to write down the goodwill on our balance sheet associated with
these acquisitions, which could have an impact on our financial condition and results of operations in future periods. 

We face credit, liquidity and fraud risks from our agents, consumers and businesses that could adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

The vast majority of our global funds transfer
business is conducted through third-party agents that provide our services to consumers at their retail locations. These agents sell our services, collect funds from consumers and are required to pay the proceeds from these transactions to us. As a
result, we have credit exposure to our agents. In some countries, our agent networks include superagents that establish subagent relationships; these agents must collect funds from their subagents in order to pay us. We are not insured against
credit losses, except in certain circumstances related to agent theft or fraud. If an agent becomes insolvent, files for bankruptcy, commits fraud or otherwise fails to pay money order, money transfer or payment services proceeds to us, we must
nonetheless pay the money order, complete the money transfer or payment services on behalf of the consumer. 

The liquidity of our agents is necessary for our business to remain strong and to continue to provide our services. If
our agents fail to settle with us in a timely manner, our liquidity could be affected. 

From time to time, we
have made, and may in the future make, short-term advances and longer term loans to our agents. These advances and loans generally are secured by settlement funds payable by us to these agents. However, the failure of these borrowing agents to repay
these advances and loans constitutes a credit risk to us. 

26 

Table of Contents

In our Business Solutions business, we are also exposed to credit risk
relating to foreign currency forward and option contracts written by us to our customers. The duration of these derivative contracts is generally nine months or less. The credit risk associated with our derivative contracts increases when foreign
currency exchange rates move against our customers, possibly impacting their ability to honor their obligations to deliver currency to us or to maintain appropriate collateral with us. If a customer becomes insolvent, files for bankruptcy, commits
fraud or otherwise fails to pay us for the value of these contracts, we may be exposed to the value of an offsetting position with a financial institution counterparty. 

We offer consumers, primarily in the United States, the ability to transfer money utilizing their credit or debit card
via the Internet and phone. Because these are not face-to-face transactions, these transactions involve a greater risk of fraud. We apply verification and other tools to help authenticate transactions and protect against fraud. However, these tools
are not always successful in protecting us against fraud. As the merchant of these transactions, we may bear the financial risk of the full amount sent in some of the fraudulent transactions. Issuers of credit and debit cards may also incur losses
due to fraudulent transactions through our distribution channels and may elect to block transactions by their cardholders in these channels with or without notice. We may be subject to additional fees or penalties if the amount of chargebacks
exceeds a certain percentage of our transaction volume. Such fees and penalties escalate over time if we do not take effective action to reduce chargebacks below the threshold, and if chargeback levels are not ultimately reduced to acceptable
levels, our merchant accounts could be suspended or revoked, which would adversely affect our results of operations. 

Breaches of our information security policies or safeguards could adversely affect our ability to operate and could damage our
reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We collect, transfer and retain
consumer, business, employee and agent data as part of our business. These activities are subject to laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions, see risk factor “Current and proposed regulation addressing consumer
privacy and data use and security could increase our costs of operations, which could adversely affect our operations, results of operations and financial condition”
 below. The requirements imposed by these laws and regulations,
which often differ materially among the many jurisdictions, are designed to protect the privacy of personal information and to prevent that information from being inappropriately disclosed. We have developed and maintain technical and operational
safeguards designed to comply with applicable legal requirements. However, despite those safeguards, it is possible that hackers, employees acting contrary to our policies or others could improperly access our systems or improperly obtain or
disclose data about our consumers, business customers, agents and/or employees. Further, because some data is collected and stored by third parties, it is possible that a third party could intentionally or negligently disclose personal data in
violation of law. Also, in some jurisdictions we transfer data related to our employees, business customers, consumers, agents and potential employees to third-party vendors in order to perform due diligence and for other reasons. It is possible
that a vendor could intentionally or inadvertently disclose such data. Any breach of our security policies or applicable legal requirements resulting in a compromise of consumer, business, employee or agent data could require us to notify impacted
individuals, and in some cases regulators, of a possible or actual breach, expose us to regulatory enforcement action, including fines, limit our ability to provide services, subject us to litigation and/or damage our reputation. 

Interruptions in our systems or disruptions in our workforce may have a significant effect on our business. 

Our ability to provide reliable service largely depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer
information systems and those of our service providers. Any significant interruptions could harm our business and reputation and result in a loss of consumers. These systems and operations could be exposed to damage or interruption from fire,
natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorism, vendor failure, unauthorized entry and computer viruses or other causes, many of which may be beyond our control or that of our service providers. Although we have taken steps to
prevent systems disruptions, our measures may not be successful and we may experience problems other than system disruptions. We also may experience software defects, development delays, installation difficulties and other systems problems, which
would harm our business 

27 

Table of Contents

and reputation and expose us to potential liability which may not be fully covered by our business interruption insurance. Our data applications may not be sufficient to address technological
advances, regulatory requirements, changing market conditions or other developments. In addition, any work stoppages or other labor actions by employees, the significant majority of which are located outside the United States, who support our
systems or perform any of our major functions could adversely affect our business. 

If we are unable to maintain our
agent, subagent or global business payments networks under terms consistent with those currently in place, or if our agents or subagents fail to comply with Western Union business and technology standards and contract requirements our business,
financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

Most of our
consumer-to-consumer revenue is derived through our agent network. In addition, our international agents may have subagent relationships in which we are not directly involved. Transaction volumes at existing agent and subagent locations often
increase over time and new agents and subagents provide us with additional revenue. If, due to competition or other reasons, agents or subagents decide to leave our network, or if we are unable to sign new agents or maintain our agent network under
terms consistent with those currently in place, or if our agents are unable to maintain relationships with or sign new subagents, our revenue and profit growth rates may be adversely affected. Agent attrition might occur for a number of reasons,
including a competitor engaging an agent or an agent’s dissatisfaction with its relationship with us or the revenue derived from that relationship. In addition, agents may generate fewer transactions or less revenue for various reasons,
including increased competition, political unrest or changes in the economy. Because an agent is a third party that engages in a variety of activities in addition to providing our services, it may encounter business difficulties unrelated to its
provision of our services, which could cause the agent to reduce its number of locations, hours of operation, or cease doing business altogether. 

We rely on our agents’ information systems and/or processes to obtain transaction data. If an agent or subagent loses information, if there is a significant disruption to the information systems of
an agent or subagent, or if an agent or subagent does not maintain the appropriate controls over their systems, we may experience reputational harm which could result in losses to the Company. 

We have relationships with more than 10,000 consumer payments businesses to which our customers can make payments. These
relationships are a core component of our global business payments services, and we derive a substantial portion of our global business payments revenue through these relationships. If we are unable to sign new relationships or maintain our current
relationships under terms consistent with those currently in place, our revenue and profit growth rates may be adversely affected. 

Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed by adverse rating actions by credit rating agencies. 

If our credit ratings are downgraded, or if they are placed under review or given a negative outlook, our business,
financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected and perceptions of our financial strength could be damaged, which could adversely affect our relationships with our agents, particularly those agents that are financial
institutions or post offices. In addition, an adverse credit rating by a rating agency, such as a downgrade or negative outlook, could result in regulators imposing additional capital and other requirements on us, including imposing restrictions on
the ability of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends. Also, a significant downgrade could increase our costs of borrowing money, adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

28 

Table of Contents

We face competition from global and niche or corridor money transfer providers, United
States and international banks, card associations, card-based payments providers and a number of other types of service providers, including electronic and Internet providers. Our continued growth depends on our ability to compete effectively in the
industry. 

Money transfer and global business payments are highly competitive industries which include
service providers from a variety of financial and non-financial business groups. Our competitors include banks, credit unions, automated teller machine providers and operators, card associations, card-based payments providers such as issuers of
e-money, travel cards or stored-value cards, informal remittance systems, web-based services, phone payment systems (including mobile phone networks), postal organizations, retailers, check cashers, mail and courier services, currency exchanges and
traditional money transfer companies. These services are differentiated by features and functionalities such as speed, convenience, network size, hours of operations, loyalty programs, reliability and price. Our continued growth depends on our
ability to compete effectively in these industries. We have made periodic pricing decreases in response to competition and to implement our brand investment strategy, which includes better meeting consumer needs, maximizing market opportunities and
strengthening our overall competitive positioning. Pricing decreases generally reduce margins, but are done in anticipation that they will result in increased transaction volumes. In addition, failure to compete on service differentiation could
significantly affect our future growth potential and results of operations. 

As noted above, many of our
agents outside the United States are national post offices. These entities are usually governmental organizations that may enjoy special privileges or protections that could allow them to simultaneously develop their own money transfer businesses.
International postal organizations could agree to establish a money transfer network among themselves. Due to the size of these organizations and the number of locations they have, any such network could represent significant competition to us.
Because these entities are governmental organizations, they may be able to—or be required to—offer their money transfer services to the public at, near or below their cost of providing such services. 

Our ability to remain competitive depends in part on our ability to protect our brands and our other intellectual property rights
and to defend ourselves against potential intellectual property infringement claims. 

The Western
Union brand, which is protected by trademark registrations in many countries, is material to our Company. The loss of the Western Union trademark or a diminution in the perceived quality associated with the name would harm our business. Similar to
the Western Union trademark, the Vigo, Orlandi Valuta, Speedpay, Paymap, Equity Accelerator, Just in Time EFT, Pago Fácil, Western Union Payments, Western Union Quick Collect, Quick Pay, Quick Cash, Convenience Pay, Western Union Business
Solutions and other trademarks and service marks are also important to our Company and a loss of the service mark or trademarks or a diminution in the perceived quality associated with these names could harm our business. 

Our intellectual property rights are an important element in the value of our business. Our failure to take appropriate
actions against those who infringe upon our intellectual property could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The laws of certain foreign countries in which we do business either do not recognize intellectual property rights or do not protect them to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. Adverse
determinations in judicial or administrative proceedings in the United States or in foreign countries could impair our ability to sell our services or license or protect our intellectual property, which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

We have been, are and in the future may be, subject to claims alleging
that our technology or business methods infringe patents owned by others, both inside and outside the United States. Unfavorable resolution of these claims could require us to change how we deliver a service, result in significant financial
consequences, or both, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

29 

Table of Contents

Changes in tax laws and unfavorable resolution of tax contingencies could adversely affect our tax
expense. 

Our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws, both
domestically and internationally. From time to time, the United States Congress and foreign, state and local governments consider legislation that could increase our effective tax rates. If changes to applicable tax laws are enacted, our results of
operations could be negatively impacted. 

Our tax returns and positions (including positions regarding
jurisdictional authority of foreign governments to impose tax) are subject to review and audit by federal, state, local and international taxing authorities. An unfavorable outcome to a tax audit could result in higher tax expense, thereby
negatively impacting our results of operations. We have established contingency reserves for a variety of material, known tax exposures. As of December 31, 2011, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits is a liability of
$144.4 million, including accrued interest and penalties. Our reserves reflect our judgment as to the resolution of the issues involved if subject to judicial review. While we believe that our reserves are adequate to cover reasonably expected
tax risks, there can be no assurance that, in all instances, an issue raised by a tax authority will be resolved at a financial cost that does not exceed our related reserve, and such resolution could have a material effect on our effective tax
rate, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in the current period and/or future periods. With respect to these reserves, our income tax expense would include (i) any changes in tax reserves arising from material changes
during the period in the facts and circumstances (i.e. new information) surrounding a tax issue, and (ii) any difference from the Company’s tax position as recorded in the financial statements and the final resolution of a tax issue during
the period. Such resolution could increase or decrease income tax expense in our consolidated financial statements in future periods and could impact our operating cash flows. For example, we recently reached an agreement with the United States
Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) resolving substantially all of the issues related to the restructuring of our international operations in 2003, which resulted in a tax benefit of $204.7 million related to the adjustment of reserves
associated with this matter and will require cash payments to the IRS and various state tax authorities of approximately $190 million. See Item 7 of Part II, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations; Capital Resources and Liquidity. 

We receive services from third-party vendors that would be difficult to
replace if those vendors ceased providing such services which could cause temporary disruption to our business. 

Some services relating to our business, such as software application support, the development, hosting and maintenance of our operating systems, check clearing, and processing of returned checks are
outsourced to third-party vendors, which would be difficult to replace quickly. If our third-party vendors were unwilling or unable to provide us with these services in the future, our business and operations could be adversely affected. 

Material changes in the market value or liquidity of the securities we hold may adversely affect our results of operations and
financial condition. 

As of December 31, 2011, we held $1.3 billion in investment
securities, substantially all of which are state and municipal debt securities. The majority of this money represents the principal of money transfers sent by consumers and money orders issued by us to consumers in the United States. We regularly
monitor our credit risk and attempt to mitigate our exposure by investing in highly-rated securities and by diversifying our investments. As of December 31, 2011, the majority of our investment securities had credit ratings of
“AA–” or better from a major credit rating agency. Despite those ratings, it is possible that the value of our portfolio may decline in the future due to any number of factors, including general market conditions, credit issues, the
viability of the issuer of the security, failure by a fund manager to manage the investment portfolio consistently with the fund prospectus or increases in interest rates. Any such decline in value may adversely affect our results of operations and
financial condition. 

30 

Table of Contents

The trust holding the assets of our pension plan has assets totaling
approximately $301.7 million as of December 31, 2011. The fair value of these assets held in the trust are compared to the plan’s projected benefit obligation to determine the pension liability of $112.7 million recorded within
“Other liabilities” in our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2011. We attempt to mitigate risk through diversification, and we regularly monitor investment risk on our portfolio through quarterly investment portfolio
reviews and periodic asset and liability studies. Despite these measures, it is possible that the value of our portfolio may decline in the future due to any number of factors, including general market conditions and credit issues. Such declines
could have an impact on the funded status of our pension plan and future funding requirements. 

We have substantial debt obligations
that could restrict our operations. 

As of December 31, 2011, we had approximately
$3.6 billion in consolidated indebtedness, and we may also incur additional indebtedness in the future. 

Our indebtedness could have adverse consequences, including: 

•

 limiting our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders; 

•

 increasing our vulnerability to changing economic, regulatory and industry conditions; 

•

 limiting our ability to compete and our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry;

•

 limiting our ability to borrow additional funds; and 

•

 requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for
working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other purposes. 

There would be
adverse tax consequences associated with using certain earnings generated outside the United States to pay the interest and principal on our indebtedness. Accordingly, this portion of our cash flow will be unavailable under normal circumstances to
service our debt obligations. 

Risks Related to Our Regulatory and Litigation Environment 

As described under Item 1 of Part I, our business is subject to a wide range of laws and regulations enacted by
the United States federal government, each of the states (including licensing requirements), many localities and many other countries and jurisdictions, such as the European Union. Regulations to which we are subject include financial services
regulations, consumer disclosure and consumer protection laws, currency control regulations, money transfer, payment instrument, and foreign exchange derivative licensing regulations, unclaimed property laws, competition laws and laws covering
consumer privacy, data protection and information security. The failure by us, our agents or subagents to comply with any such laws or regulations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and could
seriously damage our reputation and brands, and result in diminished revenue and profit and increased operating costs. 

Our business is subject to a wide range of laws and regulations intended to help detect and prevent money laundering, terrorist
financing, fraud and other illicit activity. Failure by us, our agents or our subagents to comply with those laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our services are subject to an increasingly strict set of legal and regulatory requirements intended to help detect and
prevent money laundering, terrorist financing, fraud, and other illicit activity. The interpretation of those requirements by judges, regulatory bodies and enforcement agencies is changing, often quickly and with

31 

Table of Contents

little notice. Economic and trade sanctions programs that are administered by the United States Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control prohibit or restrict transactions
to or from or dealings with specified countries, their governments, and in certain circumstances, their nationals, and with individuals and entities that are specially-designated nationals of those countries, narcotics traffickers, and terrorists or
terrorist organizations. As United States federal and state as well as foreign legislative and regulatory scrutiny and enforcement action in these areas increase, we expect that our costs of complying with these requirements will increase,
perhaps substantially. Failure to comply with any of these requirements—by us or by our agents or their subagents (each of whom are third parties over which we have limited legal and practical control) could result in the suspension or
revocation of a license or registration required to provide money transfer services, the limitation, suspension or termination of services, the seizure and/or forfeiture of our assets and/or the imposition of civil and criminal penalties, including
fines. 

We are subject to regulations imposed by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”) in
the United States and similar laws in other countries, such as the Bribery Act in the United Kingdom, which generally prohibit companies and those acting on their behalf from making improper payments to foreign government officials for the purpose
of obtaining or retaining business. Some of these laws, such as the Bribery Act, also prohibit improper payments between commercial enterprises. Because our services are offered in virtually every country of the world, we face a higher risk
associated with FCPA and United Kingdom Bribery Act compliance than many other companies. Any determination that we have violated these laws could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, our United States business is subject to reporting, recordkeeping and anti-money laundering provisions of
the Bank Secrecy Act (“BSA”), as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, and to regulatory oversight and enforcement by the United States Department of the Treasury Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (“FinCEN”). We have
subsidiaries that are subject to banking regulations, primarily those in Brazil and Austria. These subsidiaries are also subject to regulation, examination and supervision by the New York Department of Financial Services. Under the Payment Services
Directive (“PSD”) in the European Union (“EU”), which became effective in late 2009, and similar legislation enacted or proposed in other jurisdictions, we have and will increasingly become directly subject to reporting,
recordkeeping and anti-money laundering regulations. These laws could also increase competition in some or all of our areas of service. 

The remittance industry has come under increasing scrutiny from government regulators and others in connection with its ability to prevent its services from being abused by people seeking to defraud
others. While we believe our fraud prevention efforts are effective and comply with applicable law and best practices, the ingenuity of criminal fraudsters, combined with the potential susceptibility to fraud by consumers during economically
difficult times, make the prevention of consumer fraud a significant and challenging problem. Our failure to continue to help prevent such frauds or a change in laws or their interpretation could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Our fees, profit margins and/or foreign exchange spreads may be reduced or limited
because of regulatory initiatives and changes in laws, regulations and industry practices and standards that are either industry wide or specifically targeted at our Company. 

The evolving regulatory environment, including increased fees or taxes, regulatory initiatives, changes in laws,
regulations and industry practices and standards imposed by state, federal or international governments and expectations regarding our compliance efforts, are impacting the manner in which we operate our business and may change the competitive
landscape and adversely affect our financial results. New and proposed legislation relating to financial services providers and consumer protection in various jurisdictions around the world has and may continue to affect the manner in which we
provide our services, see risk factor “The Dodd-Frank Act, as 

32 

Table of Contents

well as the regulations required by that Act and the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau could adversely affect us and the scope of our activities, and could adversely affect
our operations, results of operations and financial condition.” Recently proposed and enacted legislation related to financial services providers and consumer protection in various jurisdictions around the world and at the federal and state
level in the United States may subject us to additional regulatory oversight, mandate additional consumer disclosures and remedies, including refunds to consumers, mandate additional taxes or fees to be imposed upon consumers, or otherwise impact
the manner in which we provide our services. If governments implement new laws or regulations that limit our right to set fees and/or foreign exchange spreads, then our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely
affected. In addition, changes in regulatory expectations, interpretations or practices could increase the risk of regulatory enforcement actions, fines and penalties. 

For example, our business is currently being affected by on-going changes to our compliance procedures related to our
agreement and settlement with the State of Arizona. See risk factor “Western Union is the subject of governmental investigations and consent agreements with or enforcement actions by regulators.” Due to regulatory initiatives, we
will continue to evolve our business model and practices along the United States and Mexico border, including in the southwestern region of the United States. Such changes will likely have an adverse effect on our revenues, profits, and business
operations. 

In addition, one state has passed a law imposing a fee on certain money transfer transactions,
and certain other states have proposed similar legislation. At least two foreign countries have enacted rules imposing taxes or fees on certain money transfer transactions, as well. Although money transfer services themselves are not generally
subject to sales tax on money transfer services elsewhere in the United States, the current budget shortfalls in many jurisdictions, combined with continued federal inaction on comprehensive immigration reform, may lead other states or localities to
impose similar taxes or fees. Similar circumstances in foreign countries could invoke similar consequences. A tax or fee exclusively on money transfer services like Western Union could put us at a competitive disadvantage to other means of
remittance which are not subject to the same taxes or fees. 

Other examples of changes to our financial
environment include the possibility of regulatory initiatives that focus on lowering international remittance costs. For example, Pakistan subsidizes certain remittances into the country from Pakistanis working abroad. We do not participate in this
program, but remittance companies accepting the subsidy are prohibited from charging fees to the sender or receiver. Such initiatives may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Regulators around the world increasingly look at each other’s approaches to the regulation of the payments and other
industries. Consequently, a development in any one country, state or region may influence regulatory approaches in other countries, states or regions. This includes the interpretation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
(the “Act”). Similarly, new laws and regulations in a country, state or region involving one service may cause lawmakers there to extend the regulations to another service. As a result, the risks created by any one new law or regulation
are magnified by the potential they have to be replicated, affecting our business in another place or involving another service. Conversely, if widely varying regulations come into existence worldwide, we may have difficulty adjusting our services,
fees and other important aspects of our business, with the same effect. Either of these eventualities could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our agents’ or subagents’ failure to comply with federal and laws and regulations as well as laws and regulations outside
the United States could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Any determination that our agents or subagents have violated laws and regulations could seriously damage our reputation and brands, resulting in diminished revenue and profit and increased operating
costs. In some cases, we could be liable for the failure of our agents or subagents to comply with laws which also could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

33 

Table of Contents

For example, under the PSD, Western Union is responsible for the compliance
of its agents who are engaged by one of our payments institution subsidiaries. The majority of our EU business is managed through our PSD subsidiaries. Thus, the risk of adverse regulatory action against Western Union because of actions by its
agents in those areas has increased. 

We may become liable for the failure of our money transfer agents to
comply with the Act, the extent of which liability will be determined by rules not yet finalized. In addition, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the “CFPB”) created by the Act has recently issued regulations implementing remittance
provisions of the Act, which will impose responsibility on us for any related compliance failures of our agents. 

The changes associated with the PSD, the Act and similar legislation enacted or proposed in other countries could result in increased costs to comply with the new requirements, or in the event we or our
agents are unable to comply, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additional countries may adopt similar legislation. 

Regulatory initiatives and changes in laws, regulations and industry practices and standards affecting our agents or subagents could require changes in our business model and increase our costs of
operations, which could adversely affect our operations, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our agents are subject to a variety of regulatory requirements, which differ from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and are
subject to change. A material change in the regulatory requirements for offering money transfer services in a jurisdiction important to our business could mean increased costs and/or operational demands on our agents and subagents, which could
result in their attrition, a decrease in the number of locations at which money transfer services are offered and other negative consequences. The regulatory status of our agents could affect their ability to offer our services. For example, our
agents in the United States are considered Money Service Businesses, or “MSBs,” under the BSA. An increasing number of banks view MSBs, as a class, as higher risk customers for purposes of their anti-money laundering programs. Furthermore,
some of our domestic and international agents have had difficulty establishing or maintaining banking relationships due to the banks’ policies. If a significant number of agents are unable to maintain existing or establish new banking
relationships, they may not be able to continue to offer our services. 

The types of enterprises that are
legally authorized to act as our agents vary significantly from one country to another. Changes in the laws affecting the kinds of entities that are permitted to act as money transfer agents (such as changes in requirements for capitalization or
ownership) could adversely affect our ability to distribute our services and the cost of providing such services, both by us and our agents. For example, a requirement that a money transfer provider be a bank or other highly regulated financial
entity could increase significantly the cost of providing our services in many countries where that requirement does not exist today or could prevent us from offering our services in an affected country. Further, any changes in law that would
require us to provide directly the money transfer services to consumers as opposed to through an agent network (which would effectively change our business model) or that would prohibit or impede the use of subagents could significantly adversely
impact our ability to provide our services, and/or the cost of our services, in the relevant jurisdiction. Changes mandated by laws which make Western Union responsible for any acts of its agents while they are providing the Western Union money
transfer service increase our risk of regulatory liability and our costs to monitor our agents’ performance. 

Although most of our Orlandi Valuta and Vigo branded agents are not exclusive, most of our Western Union branded agents offer our services on an exclusive basis—that is, they have agreed by contract
not to provide any non-Western Union branded money transfer services. While we expect to continue signing agents under exclusive arrangements and believe that these agreements are valid and enforceable, changes in laws regulating competition or in
the interpretation of those laws could undermine our ability to enforce them in the future. Recently, several countries in Eastern Europe, the Commonwealth of Independent States, Africa and South Asia, including India, have promulgated laws or
regulations, or authorities in these countries have issued orders, which 

34 

Table of Contents

effectively prohibit payment service providers, such as money transfer companies, from agreeing to exclusive arrangements with agents in those countries. Certain institutions, non-governmental
organizations (“NGOs”) and others are actively advocating against exclusive arrangements in money transfer agent agreements. Advocates for laws prohibiting or limiting exclusivity continue to push for enactment of similar laws in other
jurisdictions. In addition, certain of our agents and subagents have refused to enter into exclusive arrangements. For example, we recently entered into a non-exclusive arrangement with our Mexican agent, Elektra del Milenio de C.V. The inability to
enter into exclusive arrangements or to enforce our exclusivity rights under our contracts could adversely affect our operations and revenue by, for example, allowing competitors to benefit from the goodwill associated with the Western Union brand
at our agent locations. 

Western Union is the subject of governmental investigations and consent agreements with or
enforcement actions by regulators. 

In the second quarter of 2009, the Antitrust Division of the
United States Department of Justice (“DOJ”) served one of our subsidiaries with a grand jury subpoena requesting documents in connection with an investigation into money transfers, including related foreign exchange rates, from the United
States to the Dominican Republic from 2004 through the date of subpoena. The Company is cooperating fully with the DOJ investigation. Due to the stage of the investigation, we are unable to predict the outcome of the investigation, or the possible
loss or range of loss, if any, which could be associated with the resolution of any possible criminal charges or civil claims that may be brought against us. Should such charges or claims be brought, we could face significant fines, damage awards or
regulatory consequences which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

On February 11, 2010, we signed an agreement and settlement, which resolved all outstanding legal issues and claims with the State of Arizona and required us to fund a multi-state not-for-profit
organization promoting safety and security along the United States and Mexico border, in which California, Texas and New Mexico are participating with Arizona. The agreement also required us to make payments to the State of Arizona for its costs
associated with this matter. In addition, as part of the agreement and settlement, we have made and expect to make certain investments in and changes to our compliance programs along the United States and Mexico border and a monitor has been engaged
for those programs. The costs of the investments in our programs and for the monitor are expected to reach up to $23 million over the period from signing to 2013. The monitor has made a number of recommendations related to our compliance
programs. 

We are in the process of making certain changes to our compliance program for transactions from the
United States to Mexico, including: 

•

 revisions to agent agreements to increase our ability to oversee the compliance of our agents and subagents; 

•

 reduced thresholds at which our consumers are required to provide identification for transactions from certain states along the United States
southwest border; and 

•

 enhancement of our information systems including migrating customer information for our Western Union, Orlandi Valuta and Vigo brands onto a common
database and migrating to a standard point of sale system. 

Such changes will likely have an
adverse effect on our United States to Mexico business. Any additional changes that we elect or are required to make in the United States to Mexico corridor, or similar changes that we may elect or be required to make in other corridors, could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Over the past
several years, we have entered into consent agreements with federal and state authorities, including FinCEN, the New York Department of Financial Services, the California Department of Financial Institutions and the Arizona Department of Financial
Institutions, relating to the BSA and anti-money laundering 

35 

Table of Contents

requirements and related consumer identification matters. These agreements required us to pay civil penalties and to take certain measures to enhance our compliance with recordkeeping, reporting,
training and agent oversight requirements under applicable state and federal law. The consent agreements with the New York Department of Financial Services and the California Department of Financial Institutions were lifted during 2008. However, the
financial services industry and businesses like ours continue to be under significant federal and state regulatory scrutiny with respect to the BSA and anti-money laundering compliance matters. It is possible that as a result of periodic
examinations or otherwise, we could be subject to deficiency findings, fines, criminal penalties, asset seizures or enforcement actions that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Western Union has received Civil Investigative Demands from certain state attorneys general who have initiated an
investigation into whether the Company took adequate steps to help prevent consumer fraud from 2010 to 2011. The Civil Investigative Demands seek information and documents relating to consumer fraud complaints that the Company has received and
the Company’s procedures to help identify and prevent fraudulent transfers. Due to the stage of the investigation, the Company is unable to predict the outcome of the investigation, or the possible loss or range of loss, if any, which
could be associated with any possible civil claims that might be brought by one or more of the states. Should such claims be brought, we could face significant fines, damage awards, or regulatory consequences, or compulsory changes in our
business practices that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The Dodd-Frank Act, as well as the regulations required by that Act and the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
could adversely affect us and the scope of our activities, and could adversely affect our operations, results of operations and financial condition. 

The Act, which became law in the United States on July 21, 2010, calls for significant structural reforms and new substantive regulation across the financial services industry. In addition, the Act
created the CFPB, whose purpose is to issue and enforce consumer protection initiatives governing financial products and services, including money transfer services. The CFPB will create additional regulatory oversight for us. The Act and actions by
the CFPB could have a significant impact on us by, for example, requiring us to limit or change our business practices, limiting our ability to pursue business opportunities, requiring us to invest valuable management time and resources in
compliance efforts, imposing additional costs on us, limiting fees we can charge for services, requiring us to meet more stringent capital, liquidity and leverage ratio requirements, impacting the value of our assets, delaying our ability to respond
to marketplace changes, requiring us to alter our products and services in a manner that would make our products less attractive to consumers and impair our ability to offer them profitably, or requiring us to make other changes that could adversely
affect our business. 

The CFPB has recently issued regulations implementing the remittance provisions of the
Act. These regulations, which become effective in February 2013, will impact our business in a variety of areas. These include a requirement to provide enhanced pre-transaction disclosures; an obligation to resolve various errors, including certain
errors that may be outside of a remittance provider’s control; and an obligation to cancel certain transactions at a consumer’s request. These requirements and other potential changes under CFPB regulations could adversely affect our
operations and financial results and change the way we operate our business. 

We may also be subject to
examination by the CFPB, which has initiated a rulemaking process to define “larger participants of a market for other consumer financial products or services.” Companies that are included in a final rule will be subject to direct
supervision by the CFPB, which may involve providing reports to the CFPB and being examined by the CFPB. The scope, frequency, and details of these reports and examinations are still being developed by the CFPB. In addition, the CFPB has broad
authority to enforce consumer financial laws. In July 2011, many consumer financial protection functions formerly assigned to the federal banking agency and other agencies were transferred to the CFPB. The CFPB has a large budget and staff, and has
broad authority with respect to our money transfer service and related business. It is authorized to collect fines and provide consumer restitution in the event of violations, engage in consumer financial education, track consumer

36 

Table of Contents

complaints, request data and promote the availability of financial services to underserved consumers and communities. In addition, the CFPB may adopt other regulations governing consumer
financial services, including regulations defining unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices, and new model disclosures. The CFPB's authority to change regulations adopted in the past by other regulators, or to rescind or ignore past
regulatory guidance, could increase our compliance costs and litigation exposure. Our litigation exposure may also be increased by the CFPB's authority to limit or ban pre-dispute arbitration clauses. 

Furthermore, rules adopted under the Act by governmental agencies may subject our corporate interest rate and foreign
exchange hedging transactions to centralized clearing, centralized trading, collateral posting and other requirements. Also, our Business Solutions business in the United States may be subjected to increased regulatory oversight and licensing
requirements relating to the foreign exchange derivative products offered to certain of its customers. In addition, the Act establishes a Financial Stability Oversight Counsel that is authorized to designate as “systemically important”
non-bank financial companies and payment systems. Companies designated under either standard will become subject to new regulation and regulatory supervision. If we were designated under either standard, the additional regulatory and supervisory
requirements could result in costly new compliance burdens that could negatively impact our business. 

The
effect of the Act and the CFPB on our business and operations will be significant, in part because some of the Act’s implementing regulations have not been issued and the function and scope of the CFPB, the reactions of our competitors and the
responses of consumers and other marketplace participants are uncertain. 

Western Union has been the subject of
class-action litigation, and remains the subject of other litigation. 

Western Union has been the
subject of class-action litigation in the United States, alleging that its foreign exchange rate disclosures failed to adequately inform consumers about the revenue that Western Union and its agents derive from international remittances. These suits
were all settled in or before 2004, without an admission of liability, and we have made changes in our advertising and consumer forms. Recent changes in law will require, and future changes in law or future litigation or regulatory action may
require, that we modify our disclosures or our practices further. These modifications could be costly to implement, restrict our ability to advertise or promote our services, limit the amount of our foreign exchange income and/or change our
consumers’ behavior. 

In addition, as a Company that provides global financial services primarily to
consumers, we could be subject to future class-action lawsuits, other litigation or regulatory action alleging violations of consumer protection or other laws. We also are subject to claims asserted by consumers based on individual transactions.

The Company and one of its subsidiaries are defendants in two purported class action lawsuits: James P.
Tennille v. The Western Union Company and Robert P. Smet v. The Western Union Company, both of which are pending in the United States District Court for the District of Colorado. The original complaints asserted claims for violation of
various consumer protection laws, unjust enrichment, conversion and declaratory relief, based on allegations that the Company waits too long to inform consumers if their money transfers are not redeemed by the recipients and that we use the
unredeemed funds to generate income until the funds are escheated to state governments. For more information, see Note 6 to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II. 

Additional civil actions or any criminal actions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

Current and proposed regulation addressing consumer privacy and data use and security could increase our
costs of operations, which could adversely affect our operations, results of operations and financial condition. 

We are subject to requirements relating to privacy and data use and security under federal, state and foreign laws. Failure to comply with existing privacy and data use and security laws and regulations
to which we are subject, including by reason of inadvertent disclosure of confidential information, could result in fines, sanctions, 

37 

Table of Contents

penalties or other adverse consequences and loss of consumer confidence, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, overall business and reputation. While we believe that
we are compliant with our regulatory responsibilities, the legal, political and business environments in these areas are rapidly changing, and subsequent legislation, regulation, litigation, court rulings or other events could expose us to increased
program costs, liability and reputational damage. 

In addition, in connection with regulatory requirements to
assist in the prevention of money laundering and terrorist financing and pursuant to legal obligations and authorizations, we make information available to certain United States federal, state and local, as well as certain foreign government
agencies when required by law. In recent years, these agencies have increased their requests for such information from us and other companies (both financial service providers and others), particularly in connection with efforts to prevent terrorist
financing. During the same period, there has also been increased public attention regarding the corporate use and disclosure of personal information, accompanied by legislation and regulations intended to strengthen data protection, information
security and consumer privacy. These regulatory goals—the prevention of money laundering, terrorist financing and identity theft and the protection of the individual’s right to privacy—may conflict, and the law in these areas is not
consistent or settled. 

We are subject to unclaimed property laws, and differences between the amounts we have accrued
for unclaimed property and amounts that are claimed by a state or foreign jurisdiction could have a significant impact on our results of operations and cash flows. 

We are subject to unclaimed property laws in the United States and abroad which require us to turn over to certain
government authorities the property of others held by us that has been unclaimed for a specified period of time, such as unpaid money transfers. We hold property subject to unclaimed property laws and we have an ongoing program to comply with those
laws. In addition, we are subject to audits with regard to our escheatment practices. Any difference between the amounts we have accrued for unclaimed property and amounts that are claimed by a state or foreign jurisdiction could have a significant
impact on our results of operations and cash flows. See “Unclaimed Property Regulations” for further discussion. 

Our consolidated balance sheet may not contain sufficient amounts or types of regulatory capital to meet the changing requirements
of our various regulators worldwide, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our regulators expect us to possess sufficient financial soundness and strength to adequately support our regulated subsidiaries. We have substantial indebtedness as of December 31, 2011, which could
make it more difficult to meet these requirements if such requirements are increased. In addition, although we are not a bank holding company for purposes of United States law or the law of any other jurisdiction, as a global provider of
payments services and in light of the changing regulatory environment in various jurisdictions, we could become subject to new capital requirements introduced or imposed by our regulators that could require us to issue securities that would qualify
as Tier 1 regulatory capital under the Basel Committee accords or retain earnings over a period of time. Also, our regulators specify the amount and composition of settlement assets that certain of our subsidiaries must hold in order to
satisfy our outstanding settlement obligations. These regulators could further restrict the type of instruments that qualify as settlement assets or these regulators could require our regulated subsidiaries to maintain higher levels of
settlement assets. Any change or increase in these requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Relating to the Spin-Off 

We were incorporated in
Delaware as a wholly-owned subsidiary of First Data on February 17, 2006. On September 29, 2006, First Data distributed 100% of its money transfer and consumer payments businesses and its interest in a Western Union money transfer agent,
as well as related assets, including real estate, through a tax-free distribution to First Data shareholders (“Spin-off”) through this previously owned subsidiary. 

38 

Table of Contents

If the Spin-off does not qualify as a tax-free transaction, First Data and its
stockholders could be subject to material amounts of taxes and, in certain circumstances, we could be required to indemnify First Data for material taxes pursuant to indemnification obligations under the tax allocation agreement. 

First Data received a private letter ruling from the IRS to the effect that, the Spin-off (including certain related
transactions) qualifies as tax-free to First Data, us and First Data stockholders for United States federal income tax purposes under sections 355, 368 and related provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, assuming, among other things, the
accuracy of the representations made by First Data with respect to certain matters on which the IRS did not rule. If the factual assumptions or representations made in the private letter ruling request were determined to be untrue or incomplete,
then First Data and ourselves would not be able to rely on the ruling. 

The Spin-off was conditioned upon
First Data’s receipt of an opinion of Sidley Austin LLP, counsel to First Data, to the effect that, with respect to requirements on which the IRS did not rule, those requirements would be satisfied. The opinion was based on, among other things,
certain assumptions and representations as to factual matters made by First Data and us which, if untrue or incomplete, would jeopardize the conclusions reached by counsel in its opinion. The opinion is not binding on the IRS or the courts, and the
IRS or the courts may not agree with the opinion. 

If, notwithstanding receipt of the private letter ruling
and opinion of tax counsel, the Spin-off were determined to be a taxable transaction, each holder of First Data common stock who received shares of our common stock in connection with the Spin-off would generally be treated as receiving a taxable
distribution in an amount equal to the fair value of our common stock received. First Data would recognize taxable gain equal to the excess of the fair value of the consideration received by First Data in the contribution over First Data’s tax
basis in the assets contributed to us in the contribution. If First Data were unable to pay any taxes for which it is responsible under the tax allocation agreement, the IRS might seek to collect such taxes from Western Union. 

Even if the Spin-off otherwise qualified as a tax-free distribution under section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code,
the Spin-off may result in significant United States federal income tax liabilities to First Data if 50% or more of First Data’s stock or our stock (in each case, by vote or value) is treated as having been acquired, directly or indirectly, by
one or more persons as part of a plan (or series of related transactions) that includes the Spin-off. For purposes of this test, any acquisitions, or any understanding, arrangement or substantial negotiations regarding an acquisition, within two
years before or after the Spin-off are subject to special scrutiny. 

With respect to taxes and other
liabilities that could be imposed as a result of a final determination that is inconsistent with the anticipated tax consequences of the Spin-off (as set forth in the private letter ruling and relevant tax opinion) (“Spin-off Related
Taxes”), we, one of our affiliates or any person that, after the Spin-off, is an affiliate thereof, will be liable to First Data for any such Spin-off Related Taxes attributable solely to actions taken by or with respect to us. In addition, we
will also be liable for 50% of any Spin-off Related Taxes (i) that would not have been imposed but for the existence of both an action by us and an action by First Data or (ii) where we and First Data each take actions that, standing
alone, would have resulted in the imposition of such Spin-off Related Taxes. We may be similarly liable if we breach certain representations or covenants set forth in the tax allocation agreement. If we are required to indemnify First Data for taxes
incurred as a result of the Spin-off being taxable to First Data, it likely would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.