There are many factors that affect
our business, financial position and results of operations, some of which are beyond our control. The following is a description of some important factors that may cause the actual results of operations in future periods to differ materially from
those currently expected or desired. The risks identified below are not all-encompassing but should be considered in establishing an opinion of the Company’s future operations. 

Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry 

Current difficult conditions in the global financial markets and
continued financial market disruptions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
global capital and credit markets are experiencing unprecedented volatility and disruption. As a result, we may face certain risks in connection with these events. Further, we believe that the risk of other adverse events occurring is increased. In
particular: 

•

 Our agents or billers may have reduced sales or business as a result of a deterioration in economic conditions. As a result, our agents could reduce their numbers
of locations or hours of operation, or cease doing business altogether. Our billers may have fewer customers making payments to them, particularly billers in those industries that may be more affected by an economic downturn such as the automobile,
mortgage and financial services industries. 

•

 Short-term borrowings in the commercial paper markets through which we finance a portion of our operations may be subject to increases in interest rates or become
unavailable. Those increases and the tightening of the credit markets in general may adversely impact our ability to access the commercial paper markets in the future, through which we customarily supply liquidity to our daily operations.

•

 Our revolving credit facility with a consortium of banks is one source for funding liquidity needs and also backs our commercial paper program. If any of the banks
participating in our credit facility were unable or unwilling to fulfill its lending commitment to us, our short-term liquidity and ability to support borrowings under our commercial paper program could be adversely affected.

•

 We may be unable to refinance our existing indebtedness as it becomes due or we may have to refinance on unfavorable terms, which could require us to dedicate a
substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, share repurchases and other purposes. 

•

 The market value of the securities in our investment portfolio may substantially decline. The impact of that decline in value may adversely affect our results of
operations and financial condition. 

•

 The derivative financial instruments that we use reduce our exposure to various market risks including changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates. Our
counterparties to our derivative instruments may fail to honor their obligations, which could expose us to risks we had sought to mitigate. That failure could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

•

 The third-party service providers on whom we depend may experience adverse effects in their businesses due to market conditions, which may have an adverse effect on
their ability to provide services and a potential adverse effect on us. The impact of a change or temporary stoppage of services may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

•

 Banks upon which we rely to conduct our businesses could fail. This could lead to our inability to access funds and/or credit losses for us and could adversely
impact our ability to conduct our business. 

If current levels of market disruption and volatility continue or worsen, we
could experience a material adverse effect on our ability to access capital and on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

23 

Table of Contents

Interruptions in migration patterns, including as a result of the current economic conditions, could adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our money transfer business relies in part on migration, which
bring workers into countries with greater economic opportunities than their native countries. A significant portion of money transfers are initiated by international migrants. Migration is affected by, among other things, the availability of job
opportunities and overall economic conditions, changes in immigration laws and political or other events (such as war, terrorism or health emergencies) that would make it more difficult for workers to migrate or work abroad and could adversely
affect our remittance volume and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Our customers
tend to have job opportunities in industries that may be more quickly or significantly impacted by deteriorating economic conditions than other industries. Reduced job opportunities, in particular in construction, manufacturing, hospitality,
agriculture and retail, or an overall slowdown in the economy in the United States or other countries, such as that currently being experienced, could adversely affect the principal amounts transferred and correspondingly our results of operations.
If general market softness in those national economies important to migrant workers continues, our results of operations could be adversely impacted. Additionally, if our consumer transactions decline, the amount of money that consumers send per
transaction declines, or migration patterns shift due to deteriorating economic conditions, we may be unable to timely and effectively reduce our operating costs or take other actions in response, which could adversely affect our results of
operations. 

Our ability to adopt technology in response to changing industry and consumer needs or trends poses a challenge to our business.

Our ability to compete in the markets we serve may be threatened by change, including changes in technology, changes with respect
to consumer needs, competition and industry standards. We actively seek solutions that respond in a timely manner to new technology-based money transfer services such as internet, land and mobile phone based money transfer services and prepaid,
stored-value and other card-based money transfer services. Failure to respond well to these challenges could adversely impact our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Our business is subject to a wide range of laws and regulations, especially laws designed to prevent money laundering and terrorist financing. Failure by us, our agents or subagents to comply with those laws and
regulations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 

As described under
Item 1 of Part I, our business is subject to a wide range of laws and regulations. These include financial services regulations, consumer disclosure and consumer protection laws, currency control regulations, money transfer and payment
instrument licensing regulations, escheat laws and laws covering consumer privacy, data protection and information security. Our services also are subject to an increasingly strict set of legal and regulatory requirements intended to help detect and
prevent money laundering, terrorist financing and other illicit activity; the interpretation of such requirements by judges, regulatory bodies and enforcement agencies is changing, often quickly and with little notice. Economic and trade sanctions
programs that are administered by the Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control prohibit or restrict transactions to or from or dealings with specified countries, their governments, and in certain circumstances, their nationals,
and with individuals and entities that are specially-designated nationals of those countries, narcotics traffickers, and terrorists or terrorist organizations. As federal and state legislative and regulatory scrutiny and enforcement action in these
areas increase, we expect that our costs of complying with these requirements will increase, perhaps substantially. Failure to comply with any of these requirements—by either us, our agents or subagents (both of whom are third parties, over
whom we have limited legal and practical control) could result in the suspension or revocation of a license or registration required to provide money transfer services, the limitation, suspension or termination of services, the seizure and/or
forfeiture of our assets and/or the imposition of civil and criminal penalties, including fines. In addition to those direct costs, a failure by us, our agents or subagents to comply with applicable laws and regulations also could seriously damage
our reputation and brands, and result in diminished revenue and profit and increased operating costs. 

24 

Table of Contents

In connection with regulatory requirements to assist in the prevention of money laundering and terrorist
financing and pursuant to legal obligations and authorizations, we make information available to United States federal and state, as well as certain foreign, government agencies, when required by law. In recent years, these agencies have increased
their requests for such information from us and other companies (both financial service providers and others), particularly in connection with efforts to prevent terrorist financing. During the same period, there has also been increased public
attention regarding the corporate use and disclosure of personal information, accompanied by legislation and regulations intended to strengthen data protection, information security and consumer privacy. These regulatory goals—the prevention of
money laundering and terrorist financing and the protection of consumer privacy—may conflict, and the law in these areas is not consistent or settled. While we believe that we are compliant with our regulatory responsibilities, the legal,
political and business environments in these areas are rapidly changing, and subsequent legislation, regulation, litigation, court rulings or other events could expose us to increased program costs, liability and reputational damage. 

Changes in the regulatory environment may also impact the manner in which we may operate our business or may change the competitive landscape. One
example of such a change is the Payment Services Directive (“PSD”) which was adopted in the European Union (“EU”) in November 2007. The PSD will change the domestic and cross border payments market in the EU. Under the PSD, the
licensing and other legal requirements for offering these services within EU countries will be harmonized. Currently, the laws regarding licensing and the provision of these services differ significantly among these countries. The PSD will also
impose new rules on payment service providers like Western Union and certain of its EU-based agents and on banks and non-bank payments services providers which may offer these services. The PSD will be effective on November 1, 2009. Such
changes could result in increased costs to comply with these new rules, or in the event we are unable to comply, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial position and results of operations. Such changes could also increase competition
in some or all of our areas of service. 

Our fees and/or foreign exchange spreads may be reduced or limited because of regulatory
initiatives or proceedings that are either industry wide or specifically targeted at our company. For example, initiatives both in the United States and at G-8 summit meetings have focused on lowering international remittance costs. These
initiatives may have an adverse impact on our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Risks associated with operations outside the
United States could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Because an increasing portion of
our revenue is generated in currencies other than the United States dollar, we are subject to risks related to changes in currency rates and foreign exchange regulation. We use foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the risks associated with
changes in foreign currency. However, these derivative contracts do not eliminate all of the risks related to foreign currency translation. 

A significant portion of our business is generated outside of the United States and much of the cash and cash equivalents from this business are held by our foreign entities. Repatriating these funds to the United States would, in many
cases, result in significant tax obligations because most of these funds have been taxed at relatively low foreign tax rates compared to our combined federal and state tax rates in the United States. If repatriation of these funds is required or if
a change in legislation requires a different tax treatment, it could have an adverse impact on our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Money transfers to, from or within or between countries may be limited or prohibited by law. At times in the past, we have been required to cease operations in particular countries due to political uncertainties or
government restrictions imposed by foreign governments or the United States. Additionally, economic or political instability or natural disasters may make money transfers to, from or within a particular country difficult, such as when banks are
closed, when currency devaluation makes exchange rates difficult to manage or when natural disasters or civil unrest makes access to agent locations unsafe. These risks could negatively impact our ability to make payments to or receive payments from
international agents or our ability to recoup funds that 

25 

Table of Contents

have been advanced to international agents and could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. In addition, the general
state of telecommunications and infrastructure in some lesser developed countries, including countries where we have a large number of transactions, creates operational risks for us and our agents that generally are not present in our operations in
the United States and other more developed countries. 

As noted above, many of our agents outside the United States are post offices, which
are usually owned and operated by national governments. These governments may decide to change the terms under which they allow post offices to offer remittances and other financial services. For example, governments may decide to separate financial
service operations from postal operations, or mandate the creation or privatization of a “post bank” or they may require multiple service providers in their network. These changes could have an adverse effect on our ability to distribute,
offer or price our services in countries that are material to our business. 

Our consolidated balance sheet may not contain sufficient amounts or
types of regulatory capital to meet the changing requirements of our various regulators worldwide, which could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

We have substantial indebtedness as of December 31, 2008. Our regulators expect us to possess sufficient financial soundness and strength to
adequately support our regulated subsidiaries. In addition, although we are not a bank holding company for purposes of United States law or the law of any other jurisdiction, as a global provider of payments services and in light of the changing
regulatory environment in various jurisdictions, we could become subject to new capital requirements introduced or imposed by our regulators that could require us to issue securities that would qualify as Tier 1 regulatory capital under the Basel
Committee accords or retain earnings over a period of time. Any of these requirements could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

If we are unable to maintain our agent or biller networks under terms consistent with those currently in place, or if our agents or subagents fail to comply with Western Union business and technology standards
and contract requirements or applicable laws and regulations, our business, financial position and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

Most of our consumer-to-consumer revenue is derived through our agent network. In addition, our international agents may have subagent relationships in which we are not directly involved. Transaction volumes at
existing agent and subagent locations often increase over time and new agents and subagents provide us with additional revenue. If agents decide to leave our network, if we are unable to sign new agents or maintain our agent network under terms
consistent with those currently in place, or if our agents are unable to maintain relationships with or sign new subagents, our revenue and profit growth rates may be adversely affected. Agent attrition might occur for a number of reasons, including
a competitor engaging an agent or an agent’s dissatisfaction with its relationship with us or the revenue derived from that relationship. In addition, agents may generate fewer transactions or less revenue for various reasons, including
increased competition or changes in the economy. Because an agent is a third party that engages in a variety of activities in addition to providing our services, it may encounter business difficulties unrelated to its provision of our services,
which could cause the agent to reduce its number of locations, hours of operation, or cease doing business altogether. 

In some cases, we
rely on our agents’ information systems and processes to obtain transaction data. If an agent or subagent loses information, if there is a significant disruption to the information systems of an agent or subagent, or if an agent or subagent
does not maintain the appropriate controls over their systems, we may experience reputational harm which could result in losses to the Company. 

The types of enterprises that are legally authorized to act as our agents vary significantly from one country to another. Changes in the laws affecting the kinds of entities that are permitted to act as money transfer agents (such as
changes in requirements for capitalization or ownership) could adversely affect our ability to distribute 

26 

Table of Contents

our services and the cost of providing such services, both by us and our agents. For example, a requirement that a money transfer provider be a bank or other
highly regulated financial entity could increase significantly the cost of providing our services in many countries where that requirement does not exist today or could prevent us from offering our services in an affected country. Further, any
changes in law that would require us to provide directly the money transfer services to consumers as opposed to through an agent network—effectively changing our business model—could significantly adversely impact our ability to provide
our services, and/or the cost of our services, in the relevant jurisdiction. 

Our agents are subject to a variety of regulatory
requirements, which differ from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and are subject to change. A material change in the regulatory requirements necessary to offer money transfer services in a jurisdiction important to our business could mean increased
costs and/or operational demands on our agents, which could result in the attrition of agents and subagents, a decrease in the number of locations at which money transfer services are offered and other negative consequences. The regulatory status of
our agents could affect their ability to offer our services. For example, our agents in the United States are considered Money Service Businesses, or “MSBs,” under the Bank Secrecy Act. An increasing number of banks view MSBs, as a class,
as higher risk customers for purposes of their anti-money laundering programs. If a significant number of agents are unable to maintain existing or establish new banking relationships, they may not be able to continue to offer our services.

Although most of our Orlandi Valuta and Vigo branded agents are not exclusive, nearly all of the Western Union branded agents have offered
our services on an exclusive basis—that is, they have agreed by contract not to provide any non-Western Union branded money transfer services. While we believe that these agreements generally are valid and enforceable, changes in laws
regulating competition or in the interpretation of those laws could undermine our ability to enforce them in the future. Recently, several countries in the Commonwealth of Independent States, Africa and South Asia have promulgated laws or
regulations that effectively prohibit payment service providers, such as money transfer companies, from agreeing to exclusive arrangements with agents in those countries. The inability to enforce our exclusivity rights under our contracts could
adversely affect our operations and revenue by, for example, allowing competitors to benefit from the goodwill associated with the Western Union brand at our agent locations. 

We have relationships with more than 6,300 businesses and other billers, including approximately 2,100 biller relationships relating to Pago
Fácil, which was acquired in December 2006. These relationships are a core component of our consumer-to-business payment services, and we derive a substantial portion of our consumer-to-business revenue through these biller relationships. If
we are unable to sign new billers or maintain our biller relationships under terms consistent with those currently in place, our revenue and profit growth rates may be adversely affected. 

If consumers’ confidence in our business, or in traditional money transfer providers generally deteriorates, our business, financial position and results of
operations could be adversely affected. 

Our business is built on consumers’ confidence in our brands and our ability to
provide fast, reliable money transfer services. Any erosion in consumers’ confidence in our business, or in traditional money transfer providers as a means to transfer money, could adversely impact transaction volumes which would in turn
adversely impact our business, financial position and results of operations. 

A number of factors could adversely affect consumers’
confidence in our business, or in traditional money transfer providers generally, many of which are beyond our control, and could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. These factors include: 

•

 changes or proposed changes in laws or regulations that have the effect of making it more difficult for consumers to transfer money using traditional money transfer
providers; 

•

 actions by federal, state or foreign regulators, including those that threaten the reliability of our money transfer services, such as the attempts by the Arizona
Attorney General in 2006 to seize money transfer funds from states other than Arizona to Sonora, Mexico; 

27 

Table of Contents

•

 any significant interruption in our systems, including by fire, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorism, vendor failure, unauthorized
entry and computer viruses; and 

•

 any breach of our security policies or applicable legal requirements resulting in a compromise of consumer data. 

Many of our consumers are migrants. Consumer advocacy groups or governmental agencies could consider the migrants to be disadvantaged and entitled to
protection, enhanced consumer disclosure, or other different treatment. If governments implement new laws or regulations that limit our right to set fees, or if consumer advocacy groups are able to generate widespread support for positions that are
detrimental to our business, then our business, financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We face credit, liquidity
and fraud risks from our agents and from consumers that could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

The vast majority of our global funds transfer business is conducted through third-party agents that provide our services to consumers at their retail locations. These agents sell our services, collect funds from consumers and are required
to pay the proceeds from these transactions to us. As a result, we have credit exposure to our agents. In some countries, our agent networks include superagents that establish subagent relationships; these agents must collect funds from their
subagents in order to pay us. We are not insured against credit losses, except in certain circumstances related to agent theft or fraud. If an agent becomes insolvent, files for bankruptcy, commits fraud or otherwise fails to pay money order, money
transfer or payment services proceeds to us, we must nonetheless pay the money order, complete the money transfer or payment services on behalf of the consumer. 

The liquidity of our agents is necessary for our business to remain strong and to continue to provide our services. If our agents are unable to settle with us in a timely manner, our liquidity could be affected.

From time to time, we have made, and may in the future make, short term advances and longer term loans to our agents. These advances and
loans generally are secured by settlement funds payable by us to these agents. However, the failure of these borrowing agents to repay these advances and loans constitutes a credit risk to us. 

We offer consumers the ability to transfer money utilizing their credit or debit card through various distribution channels such as the internet or
telephone. Because they are not face-to-face transactions, these transactions involve a greater risk of fraud. We apply verification and other tools to help authenticate transactions and protect against fraud. However, these tools may not always be
successful in protecting us against fraud. As the merchant of these transactions, we may bear the financial risk of the full amount sent in some of the fraudulent transactions. Issuers of credit and debit cards may also incur losses due to
fraudulent transactions on our distribution channels and may elect to block transactions by their cardholders on those channels with or without notice. For example, during 2007, we received notification from several issuing banks that credit or
debit cards issued by them were blocked from transacting on westernunion.com. Although these banks subsequently have allowed our consumers to use their cards again on our website, there is no certainty that these banks will not issue a similar
restriction in the future, and as a result, we may continue to be impacted by notifications such as these in the future. 

Interruptions in our
systems or disruptions in our workforce may have a significant effect on our business. 

Our ability to provide reliable service
largely depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer information systems. Any significant interruptions could harm our business and reputation and result in a loss of consumers. Our systems and operations could be exposed to
damage or interruption from fire, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorism, vendor failure, unauthorized entry and computer viruses or other causes, many of which may be beyond our control. Although we have taken steps to
prevent a 

28 

Table of Contents

system failure, our measures may not be successful and we may experience problems other than system failures. We also may experience software defects,
development delays, installation difficulties and other systems problems, which would harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability which may not be fully covered by our business interruption insurance. In addition, any
strikes, work stoppages or other labor actions by employees who support our systems or perform any of our major functions could adversely affect our business. Our data applications may not be sufficient to address technological advances, regulatory
requirements, changing market conditions or other developments. 

Our business, financial position and results of operations could be harmed by
adverse rating actions by credit rating agencies. 

Currently, each of the major credit rating agencies has given our outstanding
indebtedness an investment grade rating. If our current rating is downgraded, or if a negative outlook is provided by a rating agency, our business, financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected and perceptions of our
financial strength could be damaged. This could adversely affect our relationships with our agents, particularly those agents that are financial institutions or post offices. In addition, if a downgrade or a negative outlook is provided by a rating
agency, it could result in regulators imposing additional capital and other requirements on us, including imposing restrictions on the ability of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends. Also, a significant downgrade could increase our costs of
borrowing money, adversely affecting our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Western Union has been the subject of class-action
litigation, and remains the subject of other litigation as well as consent agreements with or enforcement actions by regulators. 

Western Union has been the subject of class-action litigation in the United States, alleging that its foreign exchange rate disclosures failed to adequately inform consumers about the revenue that Western Union and its agents derive from
international remittances. These suits were all settled in or before 2004, without an admission of liability, and we have made changes in our advertising and consumer forms. It is possible that because of changes in law or future litigation or
regulatory action, we could be required to modify our disclosures or our practices further. These modifications could be costly to implement, restrict our ability to advertise or promote our services and/or limit the amount of our foreign exchange
income. 

In addition, as a company that provides global financial services primarily to consumers, we could be subject to future
class-action lawsuits, other litigation or regulatory action alleging violations of consumer protection or other laws. For example, we recently appealed to the Arizona Supreme Court a ruling from the Arizona Court of Appeals which overturned a trial
court’s favorable decision regarding the authority of the Arizona Attorney General to seize money transfers originated in states other than Arizona and intended for payment in Mexico. The case was argued in January; however, the Arizona Supreme
Court has not yet rendered a decision. In a separate set of issues, on January 8, 2009, the Arizona Superior Court ruled in Western Union’s favor and held that certain subpoenas for Western Union transaction data issued by the Arizona
Attorney General were over-broad and unenforceable. The Company remains subject to scrutiny in Arizona by law enforcement and regulatory agencies. The Arizona Attorney General has and continues to make extensive data requests of the Company
regarding its operations, its agents and its consumers. The legal and regulatory environment in Arizona remains challenging, and the Company could become subject to additional civil and possibly criminal actions. Additional civil actions or any
criminal actions or an unfavorable resolution of the case described above could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. We also are subject to claims asserted by consumers based on individual transactions.

We are subject to unclaimed or abandoned property (escheat) laws in the United States and abroad which require us to turn over to certain
government authorities the property of others held by us that has been unclaimed for a specified period of time, such as unpaid money transfers. We hold property subject to escheat laws and we have an ongoing program to comply with those laws. In
addition, we are subject to audits 

29 

Table of Contents

with regard to our escheatment practices. Any difference between the amounts we have accrued for unclaimed property and amounts that are claimed by a state
or foreign jurisdiction could have a significant impact on our results of operations and cash flows. See “—Escheat Regulations” for further discussion. 

Our consumer payments business is subject to various United States federal, state and local laws and regulations, as well as laws and regulations outside the United States. Our United States business is subject to
reporting, recordkeeping and anti-money laundering provisions of the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, and to regulatory oversight and enforcement by the United States Department of Treasury’s Financial Crimes
Enforcement Network, or “FinCEN.” In addition, as a money transmitter, we are subject to licensing, regulation and examination by almost all the states and the District of Columbia. 

Over the past several years, we have entered into a number of consent agreements with federal and state authorities, including FinCEN, the New York State
Banking Department, the California Department of Financial Institutions and the Arizona Department of Financial Institutions, relating to the Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering requirements and related consumer identification matters. These
agreements required us to pay civil penalties and to take certain measures to enhance our compliance with recordkeeping, reporting, training and agent oversight requirements under applicable state and federal law. The consent agreements with the New
York State Banking Department and the California Department of Financial Institutions were lifted during 2007; however, the financial services industry and businesses like ours continue to be under significant federal and state regulatory scrutiny
with respect to the Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering compliance matters. It is possible that as a result of periodic examinations or otherwise, we could be subject to deficiency findings, fines, criminal penalties, asset seizures or
enforcement actions that could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Unfavorable resolution of tax
contingencies could adversely affect our tax expense. 

Our tax returns and positions are subject to review and audit by federal,
state, local and international taxing authorities. An unfavorable outcome to a tax audit could result in higher tax expense, thereby negatively impacting our results of operations. We have established contingency reserves for material, known tax
exposures, including potential tax audit adjustments with respect to our international operations which were restructured in 2003, whereby our income from certain foreign-to-foreign money transfer transactions has been taxed at relatively low
foreign tax rates compared to our combined federal and state tax rates in the United States. Our reserves reflect our judgment as to the resolution of the issues involved if subject to judicial review. While we believe that our reserves are adequate
to cover reasonably expected tax risks, there can be no assurance that, in all instances, an issue raised by a tax authority will be resolved at a financial cost that does not exceed our related reserve, and such resolution could have a material
affect on our effective tax rate, financial position, results of operations and cash flows in the current period and/or future periods. With respect to these reserves, our income tax expense would include (i) any changes in tax reserves arising
from material changes during the period in the facts and circumstances (i.e. new information) surrounding a tax issue, and (ii) any difference from the Company’s tax position as recorded in the financial statements and the final resolution
of a tax issue during the period. 

The Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) completed its examination of the United States federal
consolidated income tax returns of First Data for 2003 and 2004, of which Western Union was a part, and issued a Notice of Deficiency in December 2008. The Notice of Deficiency alleges significant additional taxes, interest and penalties owed with
respect to a variety of adjustments involving us and our subsidiaries, and we generally have responsibility for taxes associated with these potential Company-related adjustments under the tax allocation agreement with First Data executed at the time
of the Spin-off. We agree with a number of the adjustments in the Notice of Deficiency; however, we do not agree with the Notice of Deficiency regarding several substantial adjustments representing total alleged additional tax and penalties due of
approximately $114 million. As of December 31, 2008, interest on the alleged amounts due for these unagreed adjustments would be approximately $23 million. A substantial part of the alleged amounts due for unagreed adjustments relates to our
international restructuring, 

30 

Table of Contents

which took effect in the fourth quarter 2003, and, accordingly, the alleged amounts due related to such restructuring largely are attributable to 2004. We
expect to contest those adjustments with which we do not agree by filing a petition in the United States Tax Court. We believe our overall reserves are adequate, including those associated with the adjustments alleged in the Notice of Deficiency. If
the IRS’ position in the Notice of Deficiency is sustained, our tax provision related to 2003 and later years would materially increase. 

We
face competition from global and niche or corridor money transfer providers, United States and international banks, card associations, card-based payments providers and a number of other types of service providers. Our continued growth depends on
our ability to compete effectively in the industry. 

Money transfer and consumer payments are highly competitive industries which
include service providers from a variety of financial and non-financial business groups. Our competitors include banks, credit unions, ATM providers and operators, card associations, card-based payments providers such as issuers of e-money, travel
cards or stored-value cards, informal remittance systems, web-based services, telephone payment systems (including mobile phone networks), postal organizations, retailers, check cashers, mail and courier services, currency exchanges and traditional
money transfer companies. These services are differentiated by features and functionalities such as speed, convenience, network size, hours of operations, loyalty programs, reliability and price. Our continued growth depends on our ability to
compete effectively in these industries. We have made periodic pricing decreases in response to competition and to implement our brand investment strategy, which includes better meeting consumer needs, maximizing market opportunities and
strengthening our overall competitive positioning. Pricing decreases generally reduce margins, but are done in anticipation that they will result in increased transaction volumes. In addition, failure to compete on service differentiation could
significantly affect our future growth potential and related profitability. 

Recently, card associations have become more active in
promoting stored-value cards and other services that compete with our money transfer and consumer payments businesses. These associations, as well as debit networks, can be effective competitors because of the ubiquity of their brands, their large
number of financial institution issuers and their extensive merchant networks. In addition, we offer consumers the ability to use debit cards in connection with certain of our services. The card associations and debit networks set the interchange
fee that we as a merchant must pay for accepting their cards. Their association and network rules also categorize transactions or cause us to categorize transactions in a manner that can affect the cost of the transaction to us or the consumer.
Changes to interchange fees could increase our costs to accept cards in payment for services, while changes in how our services are categorized could make the use of cards to pay for our services less attractive to the consumer. 

Many of our agents outside the United States are national post offices. These entities are usually governmental organizations that may enjoy special
privileges or protections that could allow them to simultaneously develop their own money transfer businesses. International postal organizations could agree to establish a money transfer network among themselves. Due to the size of these
organizations and the number of locations they have, any such network could represent significant competition to us. Because these entities are governmental organizations, they may be able to—or be required to—offer their money transfer
services to the public at, near or below their cost of providing such services. 

Our ability to remain competitive depends in part on our ability to
protect our brands and our other intellectual property rights and to defend ourselves against potential patent infringement claims. 

The Western Union brand, consisting of trademark registrations in various countries, is material to our company. The loss of the Western Union trademark or a diminution in the perceived quality associated with the name would harm our
business. Similar to the Western Union trademark, the Vigo, Orlandi Valuta, Speedpay, Paymap, Equity Accelerator, Just in Time EFT, Pago Fácil, Western Union Quick Collect, Quick Pay, Quick Cash and Convenience Pay trademarks and service
marks are also important to our company and a loss of the service mark or trademarks or a diminution in the perceived quality associated with these names could harm our business. 

31 

Table of Contents

The laws of certain foreign countries in which we do business either do not recognize intellectual
property rights or do not protect them to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. Adverse determinations in judicial or administrative proceedings in the United States or in foreign countries could impair our ability to sell our
services or license or protect our intellectual property, which could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

We have been, are and in the future may be, subject to claims alleging that our technology or business methods infringe patents owned by others, both inside and outside the United States. Unfavorable resolution of these claims could require
us to change how we deliver a service, result in significant financial consequences, or both, which could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Breaches of our information security policies or safeguards could adversely affect our ability to operate and could damage our reputation, business, financial position and results of operations.

We collect, transfer and retain consumer data as part of our business. These activities are subject to laws and regulations in the
United States and other jurisdictions. These requirements, which often differ materially among the many jurisdictions, are designed to protect the privacy of consumers’ personal information and to prevent that information from being
inappropriately disclosed. We have developed and maintain technical and operational safeguards designed to comply with applicable legal requirements. However, despite those safeguards, it is possible that hackers, employees acting contrary to our
policies or others could improperly access our systems or improperly obtain or disclose data about our consumers. Further, because some consumer data is collected and stored by our agents, it is possible that our agents could intentionally or
negligently disclose personal data in violation of law. Any breach of our security policies or applicable legal requirements resulting in a compromise of consumer data could expose us to regulatory enforcement action, limit our ability to provide
services, subject us to litigation and/or damage our reputation. 

Acquisitions and integration of new businesses create risks and may affect
operating results. 

We occasionally acquire businesses both inside and outside the United States. The acquisition and integration of
businesses involve a number of risks. The core risks involve valuation (negotiating a fair price for the business based on inherently limited due diligence) and integration (managing the complex process of integrating the acquired company’s
people, products and services, technology and other assets in an effort to realize the projected value of the acquired company and the projected synergies of the acquisition). In addition, complying with regulatory requirements, including anti-money
laundering requirements, is another risk associated with acquiring companies, especially companies which have not previously been subject to such regulations. International acquisitions often involve additional or increased risks including, for
example: 

•

 managing geographically separated organizations, systems and facilities; 

•

 integrating personnel with diverse business backgrounds and organizational cultures; 

•

 integrating systems that may not have been designed or maintained to the same standards as those in the United States; 

•

 complying with foreign and domestic regulatory requirements; 

•

 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 

•

 enforcement of intellectual property rights in some foreign countries; 

•

 difficulty entering new markets due to, among other things, customer acceptance and business knowledge of these new markets; and 

•

 general economic and political conditions, including legal and other barriers to cross-border investment in general, or by United States companies in particular.

32 

Table of Contents

Integrating operations could cause an interruption of, or divert resources from, one or more of our
businesses and could result in the loss of key personnel. The diversion of management’s attention and any delays or difficulties encountered in connection with an acquisition and the integration of the acquired company’s operations could
have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 

As of December 31, 2008, we had $1,674.2
million of goodwill comprising approximately 30% of our total assets. An impairment review of goodwill is conducted at least once a year and more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the goodwill may
not be recoverable. If we are unsuccessful in integrating the businesses we have acquired or acquire in the future, or if these acquired businesses experience declines in operating income or cash flows, adverse changes in the business climate, or if
we are unable to successfully execute our strategy for these businesses, we may be required to write down the goodwill on our balance sheet associated with these acquisitions, which could have a material impact on our financial position and results
of operations in future periods. 

Material changes in the market value or liquidity of the securities we hold may adversely affect our results of
operations and financial condition. 

As of December 31, 2008, we held $405.6 million in investment securities, substantially
all of which are high quality investment grade state and municipal debt instruments. We regularly monitor our credit risk and attempt to mitigate our exposure by making high quality investments. At December 31, 2008, the significant majority of
our investment securities had credit ratings of “AA-” or better from a major credit rating agency. Despite those ratings, it is possible that the value of our portfolio may decline in the future due to any number of factors, including
general market conditions, credit issues, the viability of the issuer of the security, failure by a fund manager to manage the investment portfolio consistently with the fund prospectus or increases in interest rates. Any such decline in value may
adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

The master trust which holds the assets of our pension plans has
assets totaling approximately $290 million as of December 31, 2008, our most recent measurement date. The fair value of these assets held in the master trust are compared to the plans’ projected benefit obligation to determine the pension
funding liability of $107.1 million recorded within “Other liabilities” in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2008. We attempt to mitigate risk through diversification, and we regularly monitor investment risk on
our portfolio through quarterly investment portfolio reviews and periodic asset and liability studies. Despite these measures, it is possible that the value of our portfolio may decline in the future due to any number of factors, including general
market conditions and credit issues. Such declines could have an impact on the funded status of our pension plans and future funding requirements. 

On July 18, 2008, we entered into an agreement with Integrated Payment Systems Inc., or “IPS”, a subsidiary of First Data, which modified the existing business relationship with respect to the issuance and processing of money
orders. Under the terms of the agreement, beginning on October 1, 2009 (“Transition Date”), IPS will assign and transfer to the Company certain operating assets used by IPS to issue money orders and an amount of cash sufficient to
satisfy all outstanding money order liabilities (which vary from day to day but approximate $800 million). On the Transition Date, we will assume IPS’s role as issuer of the money orders and IPS will no longer pay us a fixed return on the
outstanding money order balances. Following the Transition Date, Western Union will invest the cash received from IPS in high-quality, investment grade securities in accordance with applicable regulations, which are the same or similar to those
currently governing the investment of the Company’s United States originated money transfer principal. Revenue will be derived from both fees collected from consumers and earnings generated from the investment portfolio. Revenue generated from
the management of the investment portfolio will be retained by the Company and will not be shared with its agents. The risks associated with the management of this portfolio will be similar to the risks associated with the Company’s existing
money transfer portfolio, however, the potential impact on our results of operations and financial condition will be greater due to the increase in the size of the portfolio. 

33 

Table of Contents

We receive services from third-party vendors that would be difficult to replace if those vendors ceased providing
such services which could cause temporary disruption to our business. 

Some services relating to our business, such as software
application support, the development, hosting and maintenance of our operating systems, money order issuance, check clearing, and processing of returned checks are outsourced to third-party vendors, which would be difficult to replace quickly. If
our third-party vendors were unwilling or unable to provide us with these services in the future, our business and operations could be adversely affected. 

We have substantial debt obligations that could restrict our operations. 

As of December 31, 2008, we had
approximately $3.1 billion in consolidated indebtedness, and we may also incur additional indebtedness in the future. 

Our indebtedness
could have adverse consequences, including: 

•

 limiting our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders; 

•

 increasing our vulnerability to changing economic, regulatory and industry conditions; 

•

 limiting our ability to compete and our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry; 

•

 limiting our ability to borrow additional funds; and 

•

 requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for working capital,
capital expenditures, acquisitions and other purposes. 

There would be adverse tax consequences associated with using
certain earnings generated outside the United States to pay the interest and principal on our indebtedness. Accordingly, this portion of our cash flow will be unavailable under normal circumstances to service our debt obligations. 

Risks Relating to the Spin-Off 

If the spin-off does not
qualify as a tax-free transaction, First Data and its stockholders could be subject to material amounts of taxes and, in certain circumstances, our company could be required to indemnify First Data for material taxes pursuant to indemnification
obligations under the tax allocation agreement. 

First Data received a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service to
the effect that, among other things, the spin-off (including certain related transactions) qualifies as tax-free to First Data, us and First Data stockholders for United States federal income tax purposes under sections 355, 368 and related
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, assuming, among other things, the accuracy of the representations made by First Data with respect to certain matters on which the Internal Revenue Service did not rule. If the factual assumptions or
representations made in the private letter ruling request, including those described above, were untrue or incomplete, then First Data will not be able to rely on the ruling. 

The spin-off was conditioned upon First Data’s receipt of an opinion of Sidley Austin LLP, counsel to First Data, to the effect that, with respect
to requirements on which the Internal Revenue Service did not rule, those requirements would be satisfied. The opinion was based on, among other things, certain assumptions and representations as to factual matters made by First Data and us which,
if untrue or incomplete, would jeopardize the conclusions reached by counsel in its opinion. The opinion is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service or the courts, and the Internal Revenue Service or the courts may not agree with the opinion.

If, notwithstanding receipt of the private letter ruling and opinion of tax counsel, the spin-off were determined to be a taxable
transaction, each holder of First Data common stock who received shares of our 

34 

Table of Contents

common stock in connection with the spin-off would generally be treated as receiving a taxable distribution in an amount equal to the fair market value of
our common stock received. First Data would recognize taxable gain equal to the excess of the fair market value of the consideration received by First Data in the contribution over First Data’s tax basis in the assets contributed to us in the
contribution. If First Data were unable to pay any taxes for which it is responsible under the tax allocation agreement, the IRS might seek to collect such taxes from Western Union. 

With respect to taxes and other liabilities that could be imposed as a result of a final determination that is inconsistent with the anticipated tax
consequences of the spin-off (as set forth in the private letter ruling and relevant tax opinion) (“Spin-off Related Taxes”), we will be liable to First Data for any such Spin-off Related Taxes attributable solely to actions taken by or
with respect to us. In addition, we will also be liable for 50% of any Spin-off Related Taxes (i) that would not have been imposed but for the existence of both an action by us and an action by First Data or (ii) where we and First Data
each take actions that, standing alone, would have resulted in the imposition of such Spin-off Related Taxes. We may be similarly liable if we breach certain representations or covenants set forth in the tax allocation agreement. If we are required
to indemnify First Data for taxes incurred as a result of the spin-off being taxable to First Data, it likely would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

Under some circumstances, we could be prevented from engaging in strategic or capital raising transactions, and we could be liable to First Data for any resulting
adverse tax consequences. 

Even if the spin-off otherwise qualified as a tax-free distribution under section 355 of the Internal
Revenue Code, the spin-off may result in significant United States federal income tax liabilities to First Data if 50% or more of First Data’s stock or our stock (in each case, by vote or value) is treated as having been acquired, directly or
indirectly, by one or more persons as part of a plan (or series of related transactions) that includes the spin-off. For purposes of this test, any acquisitions of First Data stock or our stock, or any understanding, arrangement or substantial
negotiations regarding an acquisition of First Data stock or our stock, within two years before or after the spin-off are subject to special scrutiny. 

The process for determining whether a change in control prohibited under the foregoing rules has occurred is complex, inherently factual and subject to interpretation of the facts and circumstances of a particular
case. If a direct or indirect acquisition of First Data stock or our stock resulted in a change in control prohibited under those rules, First Data (but not its stockholders) would recognize a taxable gain. Under the tax allocation agreement, we
will be liable to First Data (i) for any such taxes or liabilities attributable solely to actions taken by or with respect to us, one of our affiliates, or any person that, after the spin-off, is an affiliate thereof. In addition, we will be
liable for 50% of any such taxes or liabilities (i) that would not have been imposed but for the existence of both an action by us and an action by First Data or (ii) where we and First Data each take actions that, standing alone, would
have resulted in the imposition of such taxes or liabilities. We may be similarly liable if we breach certain representations or covenants set forth in the tax allocation agreement. If we are required to indemnify First Data for taxes incurred as a
result of a prohibited change in control under the rules noted above, it likely would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.