There are many factors that affect
our business, financial position and results of operations, some of which are beyond our control. The following is a description of some important factors that may cause the actual results of operations in future periods to differ materially from
those currently expected or desired. The risks identified below are not all-encompassing but should be considered in establishing an opinion of the Company’s future operations. 

Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry 

If we are unable to maintain our agent or biller networks under
terms consistent with those currently in place, or if our agents or subagents fail to comply with Western Union business and technology standards and contract requirements or applicable laws and regulations, our business, financial position and
results of operations would be adversely affected. 

Most of our consumer-to-consumer revenue is derived through our agent network.
In addition, our international agents may have subagent relationships for which we have no direct relationship. Transaction volumes at existing agent and subagent locations often increase over time and new agents and subagents provide us with
additional revenue. If agents decide to leave our network, if we are unable to sign new agents or maintain our agent network under terms consistent with those currently in place, or if our agents are unable to maintain relationships with or sign new
subagents, our revenue and profit growth rates may be adversely affected. Agent attrition might occur for a number of reasons, including a competitor engaging an agent or an agent’s dissatisfaction with its relationship with us or the revenue
derived from that relationship. In addition, agents may generate fewer transactions or less revenue for various reasons, including increased competition. Because an agent is a third party that engages in a variety of activities in addition to
providing our services, it may encounter business difficulties unrelated to its provision of our services, which could cause the agent to reduce its number of locations, hours of operation, or cease doing business altogether. 

In some cases, we rely on our agents’ information systems and processes to obtain transaction data. If an agent or sub-agent loses information, if
there is a significant disruption to the information systems of an agent or sub-agent, or if an agent or sub-agent does not maintain the appropriate controls over their systems, we may experience reputational harm which could result in losses to the
Company. 

The types of enterprises that are legally authorized to act as our agents vary significantly from one country to another. Changes
in the laws affecting the kinds of entities that are permitted to act as money transfer agents (such as changes in requirements for capitalization or ownership) could adversely affect our ability to distribute our services and the cost of providing
such services, both by us and our agents. For example, a requirement that a money transfer provider be a bank or other highly regulated financial entity could increase significantly the cost of providing our services in many countries where that
requirement does not exist today or could prevent us from offering our services in an affected country. Further, any changes in law that would require us to provide directly the money transfer services to consumers as opposed to through an agent
network—effectively changing our business model—could significantly adversely impact our ability to provide our services, and/or the cost of our services, in the relevant jurisdiction. 

Our agents are subject to a variety of regulatory requirements, which differ from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and are subject to change. A material
change in the regulatory requirements necessary to offer money transfer services in a jurisdiction important to our business could mean increased costs and/or operational demands on our agents, which could result in the attrition of agents and
subagents, a decrease in the number of locations at which money transfer services are offered and other negative consequences. The regulatory status of our agents could affect their ability to offer our services. For example, our agents in the
United States are considered Money Service Businesses, or “MSBs,” under the Bank Secrecy Act. An increasing number of financial institutions view MSBs, as a class, as higher risk customers for purposes of their anti-money laundering
programs. As a result, several financial institutions have terminated their banking relationships with some of our agents and with us. If a significant number of agents are unable to maintain existing or establish new banking relationships, they may
not be able to continue to offer our services. 

24 

Table of Contents

Although most of our Orlandi Valuta and Vigo agents are not exclusive, nearly all of the Western Union
branded agents offer our services on an exclusive basis—that is, they have agreed by contract not to provide any non-Western Union branded money transfer services. While we believe that these agreements generally are valid and enforceable,
changes in laws regulating competition or in the interpretation of those laws could undermine our ability to enforce them in the future. For example, Russia and Ukraine have each enacted laws that effectively prohibit payment service providers, such
as money transfer companies, from agreeing to exclusive arrangements with banks in those countries. The inability to enforce our exclusivity rights under our contracts could adversely affect our operations and revenue by, for example, allowing
competitors to benefit from the goodwill associated with the Western Union brand at our agent locations. 

We have relationships with more
than 6,000 businesses and other billers, including approximately 1,800 biller relationships relating to Pago Fácil, which was acquired in December 2006. These relationships are a core component of our consumer-to-business payment services,
and we derive a substantial portion of our consumer-to-business revenue through these biller relationships. If we are unable to sign new billers or maintain our biller relationships under terms consistent with those currently in place, our revenue
and profit growth rates may be adversely affected. 

Our business is subject to a wide range of laws and regulations, especially laws designed to
prevent money laundering and terrorist financing. Failure by us, our agents or subagents to comply with those laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 

As described under Item 1 of Part 1, our business is subject to a wide range of laws and regulations. These include financial services regulations,
consumer disclosure and consumer protection laws, currency control regulations, money transfer and payment instrument licensing regulations, escheat laws and laws covering consumer privacy, data protection and information security. Our services also
are subject to an increasingly strict set of legal and regulatory requirements intended to help detect and prevent money laundering, terrorist financing and other illicit activity. For example, certain economic and trade sanctions programs that are
administered by the Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control prohibit or restrict transactions to or from or dealings with specified countries, their governments, and in certain circumstances, their nationals, and with individuals
and entities that are specially-designated nationals of those countries, narcotics traffickers, and terrorists or terrorist organizations. As federal and state legislative and regulatory scrutiny and action in these areas increase, we expect that
our costs of complying with these requirements will increase, perhaps substantially. Failure to comply with any of these requirements—by either us, our agents or subagents (both of which are third parties, over which we have limited legal and
practical control) could result in the suspension or revocation of a license or registration required to provide money transfer services, the limitation, suspension or termination of services and/or the imposition of civil and criminal penalties,
including fines. In addition to those direct costs, a failure by us, our agents or subagents to comply with applicable laws and regulations also could seriously damage our reputation and brands, and result in diminished revenue and profit and
increased operating costs. 

In connection with regulatory requirements to assist in the prevention of money laundering and terrorist
financing and pursuant to legal obligations and authorizations, we make information available to United States federal and state, as well as certain foreign, government agencies, when required by law. In recent years, these agencies have increased
their requests for such information from us and other companies (both financial service providers and others), particularly in connection with efforts to prevent terrorist financing. During the same period, there has also been increased public
attention regarding the corporate use of personal information, accompanied by legislation and regulations intended to strengthen data protection, information security and consumer privacy. These regulatory goals—the prevention of money
laundering and terrorist financing and the protection of consumer privacy—may conflict, and the law in these areas is not consistent or settled. While we believe that we are compliant with our regulatory responsibilities, the legal, political
and business environments in these areas are rapidly changing, and subsequent legislation, regulation, litigation, court rulings or other events could expose us to increased program costs, liability and reputational damage. 

25 

Table of Contents

Changes in the regulatory environment may also impact the manner in which we may operate our business or
may change the competitive landscape. One example of such a change is the Payment Services Directive (“PSD”) which was adopted in the European Union (“EU”) in November 2007. We expect that the PSD will influence changes in the
cross border payment services market in the EU. Under the PSD, the licensing and other legal requirements for offering these services within EU countries will be harmonized. Currently, the laws regarding licensing and the provision of these services
differ significantly among these countries. The PSD will also impose new rules on payment service providers like Western Union and certain of its EU-based agents and on banks and non-bank payments services providers which may offer these services.
The PSD will be effective on November 1, 2009. Such changes could result in increased costs to comply with these new rules, or in the event we are unable to comply, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial position and results of
operations. 

In addition, our fees may be reduced because of regulatory initiatives or proceedings that are either industry wide or
specifically targeted at our company. For example, initiatives both in the United States and at G-8 summit meetings have focused on lowering international remittance costs. These initiatives may have an adverse impact on our business, financial
position and results of operations. 

Interruptions in international migration patterns could adversely affect our business, financial position and
results of operations. 

The money transfer business relies in part on migration patterns, which bring workers into countries with
greater economic opportunities than their native countries. A significant portion of money transfers is initiated by immigrants. Changes in immigration laws, such as those currently being considered in the United States, economic development
patterns that discourage international migration and political or other events (such as war, terrorism or health emergencies) that would make it more difficult for workers to migrate or work abroad could adversely affect our remittance volume or
growth rate and could each have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. For example, for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 the United States to Mexico, United States domestic and the United States
outbound businesses were adversely impacted by the immigration debate in the United States. We responded by adding distribution, reducing prices, and executing advertising, promotion and community outreach initiatives, however, we have not seen
transaction and revenue growth rates return to levels prior to 2006. In addition, weaknesses in the United States economy, including weaknesses in the construction industry, are also impacting United States based businesses. 

A deterioration in economic conditions could adversely affect our results of operations. 

As noted above, our money transfer business relies in part on migration patterns. These migration patterns are affected by, among other things, the
availability of job opportunities and overall economic conditions. Reduced job opportunities or an overall slowdown in the economy in the United States or other countries could adversely affect our results of operations. For example, for the years
ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, our United States to Mexico and United States outbound and domestic businesses were adversely impacted by general market softness, in part due to a slow down in the construction industry in the United States.
If general market softness in the United States economy deteriorates further, or if weaknesses in those parts of national economies important to immigrant workers occur in other countries, our results of operations could be adversely impacted.

26 

Table of Contents

If consumers’ confidence in our business, or in traditional money transfer providers generally deteriorates,
our business, revenue and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Our business is built on consumers’ confidence in
our brands and our ability to provide fast, reliable money transfer services. Any erosion in consumers’ confidence in our business, or in traditional money transfer providers as a means to transfer money, could adversely impact transaction
volumes which would in turn adversely impact our business, revenue and results of operations. 

A number of factors could adversely affect
consumers’ confidence in our business, or in traditional money transfer providers generally, many of which are beyond our control, and could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. These factors include: 

•

 changes or proposed changes in laws or regulations that have the effect of making it more difficult for consumers to transfer money using traditional money transfer
providers; 

•

 actions by federal, state or foreign regulators, including those that threaten the reliability of our money transfer services, such as the attempts by the Arizona
Attorney General in 2006 to seize money transfer funds from states other than Arizona to Sonora, Mexico; 

•

 any significant interruption in our systems, including by fire, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorism, vendor failure, unauthorized
entry and computer viruses; and 

•

 any breach of our security policies or applicable legal requirements resulting in a compromise of consumer data. 

Many of our consumers are immigrants. Consumer advocacy groups or governmental agencies could consider the immigrants to be disadvantaged and entitled to
protection, enhanced consumer disclosure, or other different treatment. If governments implement new laws or regulations that limit our right to set fees, or if consumer advocacy groups are able to generate widespread support for positions that are
detrimental to our business, our business, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Risks associated with operations outside the
United States could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Because an increasing portion of
our revenue is generated in currencies other than the United States dollar, we are subject to risks related to changes in currency rates and foreign exchange regulation (such as the ability to repatriate funds to the United States, and the cost of
repatriation). We use foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the risks associated with changes in foreign currency. However, these derivative contracts do not eliminate all of the risks related to foreign currency translation. 

Money transfers to, from or within or between countries may be limited or prohibited by law. At times in the past, we have been required to cease
operations in particular countries due to political uncertainties or government restrictions imposed by foreign governments or the United States. Additionally, economic or political instability or natural disasters may make money transfers to, from
or within a particular country difficult, such as when banks are closed, when currency devaluation makes exchange rates difficult to manage or when natural disasters or civil unrest makes access to agent locations unsafe. These risks could
negatively impact our ability to make payments to or receive payments from international agents or our ability to recoup funds that have been advanced to international agents and could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of
operations. In addition, the general state of telecommunications and infrastructure in some lesser developed countries, including countries where we are experiencing high transaction and revenue growth rates, creates operational risks for us and our
agents that generally are not present in our operations in the United States and other more developed countries. 

27 

Table of Contents

As noted above, many of our agents outside the United States are post offices, which are usually owned
and operated by national governments. These governments may decide to change the terms under which they allow post offices to offer remittances and other financial services. For example, governments may decide to separate financial service
operations from postal operations, or mandate the creation or privatization of a “post bank.” These changes could have an adverse effect on our ability to distribute, offer or price our services in countries that are material to our
business. 

We face competition from global and niche or corridor money transfer providers, United States and international banks, card associations,
card-based payments providers and a number of other types of service providers. Our continued growth depends on our ability to compete effectively in the industry. 

Money transfer and consumer payments are highly competitive industries comprised of players from a variety of financial and non-financial business groups. Our competitors include banks, credit unions, ATM providers
and operators, card associations, card-based payments providers such as issuers of e-money, travel cards or stored-value cards, informal remittance systems, web-based services, telephone payment systems (including mobile phone networks), postal
organizations, retailers, check cashers, mail and courier services, currency exchanges and traditional money transfer companies. These services are differentiated by features and functionalities such as speed, convenience, network size, hours of
operations, loyalty programs, reliability and price. Our continued growth depends on our ability to compete effectively in these industries. We have made periodic pricing decreases in response to competition and to implement our brand investment
strategy, which includes better meeting consumer needs, maximizing market opportunities and strengthening our overall competitive positioning. Pricing decreases generally reduce margins, but are done in anticipation that they will result in
increased transaction volumes. Such consumer-to-consumer pricing decreases have averaged approximately 3% of our annual revenues over the last three years. In addition, failure to compete on service differentiation could significantly affect our
future growth potential and related profitability. 

Recently, card associations have become more active in promoting stored-value cards and
other services that compete with our money transfer and consumer payments businesses. These associations, as well as debit networks, can be effective competitors because of the ubiquity of their brands, their large number of financial institution
issuers and their extensive merchant networks. In addition, we offer consumers the ability to use debit cards in connection with certain of our services. The card associations and debit networks set the interchange fee, that we as a merchant must
pay for accepting their cards. Their association and network rules also categorize transactions or cause us to categorize transactions in a manner that can affect the cost of the transaction to us or the consumer. Changes to interchange fees could
increase our costs to accept cards in payment for services, while changes in how our services are categorized could make the use of cards to pay for our services less attractive to the consumer. 

Many of our agents outside the United States are national post offices. These entities are usually governmental organizations that may enjoy special
privileges or protections that could allow them to simultaneously develop their own money transfer businesses. International postal organizations could agree to establish a money transfer network among themselves. Due to the size of these
organizations and the number of locations they have, any such network could represent significant competition to us. Because these entities are governmental organizations, they may be able to—or be required to—offer their money transfer
services at, near or below their cost of providing such services. 

Unfavorable resolution of tax contingencies could adversely affect our tax
expense. 

Our tax returns and positions are subject to review and audit by federal, state, local and international taxing
authorities. An unfavorable outcome to a tax audit could result in higher tax expense, thereby negatively impacting our results of operations. We have established contingency reserves for material, known tax exposures, including potential tax audit
adjustments with respect to our international operations which were restructured in 2003, whereby our income from certain foreign-to-foreign money transfer transactions has been taxed at 

28 

Table of Contents

relatively low foreign tax rates compared to our combined federal and state tax rates in the United States. Our reserves reflect our judgment as to the
resolution of the issues involved if subject to judicial review. While we believe that our reserves are adequate to cover reasonably expected tax risks, there can be no assurance that, in all instances, an issue raised by a tax authority will be
resolved at a financial cost that does not exceed our related reserve, and such resolution could have a material affect on our effective tax rate, financial position, results of operations and cash flows in the current period and/or future periods.
With respect to these reserves, our income tax expense would include (i) any changes in tax reserves arising from material changes during the period in the facts and circumstances (i.e. new information) surrounding a tax issue, and
(ii) any difference from the Company’s tax position as recorded in the financial statements and the final resolution of a tax issue during the period. 

Acquisitions and integration of new businesses create risks and may affect operating results. 

We occasionally
acquire businesses both inside and outside the United States. The acquisition and integration of businesses involve a number of risks. The core risks involve valuation (negotiating a fair price for the business based on inherently limited due
diligence) and integration (managing the complex process of integrating the acquired company’s people, products and services, technology and other assets in an effort to realize the projected value of the acquired company and the projected
synergies of the acquisition). In addition, complying with regulatory requirements, including anti-money laundering requirements, is another risk associated with acquiring companies, especially companies which have not previously been subject to
such regulations. International acquisitions often involve additional or increased risks including, for example: 

•

 managing geographically separated organizations, systems and facilities; 

•

 integrating personnel with diverse business backgrounds and organizational cultures; 

•

 integrating systems that may not have been designed or maintained to the same standards as those in the United States; 

•

 complying with foreign and domestic regulatory requirements; 

•

 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 

•

 enforcement of intellectual property rights in some foreign countries; 

•

 difficulty entering new markets due to, among other things, customer acceptance and business knowledge of these new markets; and 

•

 general economic and political conditions, including legal and other barriers to cross-border investment in general, or by United States companies in particular.

Integrating operations could cause an interruption of, or divert resources from, one or more of our businesses and could
result in the loss of key personnel. The diversion of management’s attention and any delays or difficulties encountered in connection with an acquisition and the integration of the acquired company’s operations could have an adverse effect
on our business, financial position and results of operations. 

As of December 31, 2007, we had $1,639.5 million of goodwill
comprising approximately 28% of our total assets. An impairment review of goodwill is conducted at least once a year and more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the goodwill may not be recoverable.
If we are unsuccessful in integrating the businesses we have acquired or acquire in the future, or if these acquired businesses experience declines in operating income or cash flows, adverse changes in the business climate, or if we are unable to
successfully execute our strategy for these businesses, we may be required to write down the goodwill on our balance sheet associated with these acquisitions, which could have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations in
future periods. 

29 

Table of Contents

Our ability to adopt technology in response to changing industry and consumer needs or trends poses a challenge to
our business. 

Our ability to compete in the markets we serve may be threatened by change, including changes in technology, changes
with respect to consumer needs, competition and industry standards. We actively seek solutions that respond in a timely manner to new technology-based money transfer services such as internet, land and mobile phone based money transfer services and
prepaid, stored-value and other card-based money transfer services. Failure to respond well to these challenges could adversely impact our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Western Union has been the subject of class-action litigation, and remains the subject of other litigation as well as consent agreements with or enforcement
actions by regulators. 

Western Union has been the subject of class-action litigation in the United States, alleging that its
foreign exchange rate disclosures failed to adequately inform consumers about the revenue that Western Union and its agents derive from international remittances. These suits were all settled in or before 2004, without an admission of liability, and
we have made changes in our advertising and consumer forms. It is possible that because of changes in law or future litigation or regulatory action, we could be required to modify our disclosures or our practices further. These modifications could
be costly to implement, restrict our ability to advertise or promote our services and/or limit the amount of our foreign exchange income. 

In addition, as a company that provides global financial services primarily to consumers, we could be subject to future class-action, other litigation or regulatory action alleging violations of consumer protection or other laws. We also
are subject to claims asserted by consumers based on individual transactions. 

We are subject to unclaimed or abandoned property (escheat)
laws in the United States and abroad which require us to turn over to certain government authorities the property of others held by us that has been unclaimed for a specified period of time, such as unredeemed money transfers. We hold property
subject to escheat laws and we have an ongoing program to comply with those laws. In addition, we are subject to audit with regard to our escheatment practices. Any difference between the amounts we have accrued for unclaimed property and amounts
that are claimed by a state or foreign jurisdiction could have a significant impact on our results of operations and cash flows. See “—Escheat Regulations” for further discussion. 

Our consumer payments business is subject to various United States federal, state and local laws and regulations, as well as laws and regulations outside
the United States. Our United States business is subject to reporting, recordkeeping and anti-money laundering provisions of the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, and to regulatory oversight and enforcement by the
United States Department of Treasury’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, or “FinCEN.” In addition, as a money transmitter, we are subject to licensing, regulation and examination by almost all the states and the District of
Columbia. 

Over the past several years, we have entered into a number of consent agreements with federal and state authorities, including
FinCEN, the New York State Banking Department, the California Department of Financial Institutions and the Arizona Department of Financial Institutions, relating to the Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering requirements and related consumer
identification matters. These agreements required us to pay civil penalties and to take certain measures to enhance our compliance with recordkeeping, reporting, training and agent oversight requirements under applicable state and federal law. The
consent agreements with the New York State Banking Department and the California Department of Financial Institutions were lifted during 2007; however, the financial services industry and businesses like ours continue to be under significant federal
and state regulatory scrutiny with respect to the Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering compliance matters. It is possible that as a result of periodic examinations or otherwise, we could be subject to deficiency findings, fines, criminal
penalties, enforcement actions or similar consent agreements in the future that could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

30 

Table of Contents

Our ability to remain competitive depends in part on our ability to protect our brands and our other intellectual
property rights and to defend ourselves against potential patent infringement claims. 

The Western Union brand, consisting of
trademark registrations in various countries, is material to our company. The loss of the Western Union trademark or a diminution in the perceived quality associated with the name would harm our business. Similar to the Western Union trademark, the
Vigo, Orlandi Valuta, Speedpay, Paymap, Equity Accelerator, Just in Time EFT, Pago Fácil (registered in Argentina), Western Union Quick Collect, Quick Pay, Quick Cash, Convenience Pay trademarks and service marks are also important to our
company and a loss of the service mark or trademarks or a diminution in the perceived quality associated with these names could harm our business. 

The laws of certain foreign countries in which we do business either do not recognize intellectual property rights or do not protect them to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. Adverse determinations in judicial or
administrative proceedings in the United States or in foreign countries could impair our ability to sell our services or license or protect our intellectual property, which could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of
operations. 

We have been, are and in the future may be, subject to claims alleging that our technology or business methods infringe
patents owned by others, both in and outside the United States. Unfavorable resolution of these claims could require us to change how we deliver a service, result in significant financial consequences, or both, which could adversely affect our
business, financial position and results of operations. 

Interruptions in our systems may have a significant effect on our business.

Our ability to provide reliable service largely depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer information
systems. Any significant interruptions could harm our business and reputation and result in a loss of consumers. Our systems and operations could be exposed to damage or interruption from fire, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications
failure, terrorism, vendor failure, unauthorized entry and computer viruses or other causes, many of which may be beyond our control. Although we have taken steps to prevent a system failure, our measures may not be successful and we may experience
problems other than system failures. We also may experience software defects, development delays, installation difficulties and other systems problems, which would harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability which may not
be fully covered by our business interruption insurance. Our data applications may not be sufficient to address technological advances, changing market conditions or other developments. 

Any disruptions caused by our work force could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. 

Western Union has two four-year labor contracts (both expiring August 6, 2008) with the Communications Workers of America, AFL-CIO (“CWA”) representing approximately 845 employees as of December 31, 2007.
Approximately 825 of these employees are covered by one of these labor contracts and are located in Texas and Missouri. These employees staff certain of our call center facilities or work in our settlement and operational accounting functions.

On February 25, 2008, the Company decided to pursue decision bargaining negotiations with the CWA regarding the possible closure of the
Company’s facilities in Bridgeton, Missouri, St. Charles, Missouri and Dallas, Texas. The Company intends to communicate this decision to the CWA as soon as possible in order to commence negotiations. The Company expects to be engaged in
decision bargaining with the CWA for the next 60 days. The decision bargaining process could result in a new collective bargaining agreement with the CWA. The decision bargaining process could also result in a decision by the Company to proceed to
implement the closure of these facilities. In that event, the Company would proceed to announce the closure and would be available to engage in effects bargaining with the CWA, and we would expect the closure and relocation of operations to be
completed in the second half of 2008. An inability to reach a timely agreement with the CWA or a decision to close, and the closure, of any or all of these facilities may result in nonrecurring costs and expenses, 

31 

Table of Contents

disputes with the union, potential disruptions to our operations and negative publicity which could impact our relationship with agents, each of which could
adversely affect our financial results. 

Breaches of our information security policies or safeguards could adversely affect our ability to operate
and could damage our reputation, business, financial position and results of operations. 

We collect, transfer and retain consumer
data as part of our business. These activities are subject to laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions in which our services are available. These requirements, which often differ materially among the many jurisdictions, are
designed to protect the privacy of consumers’ personal information and to prevent that information from being inappropriately disclosed. We have developed and maintain technical and operational safeguards designed to comply with applicable
legal requirements. However, despite those safeguards, it is possible that hackers, employees acting contrary to our policies or others could improperly access our systems or improperly obtain or disclose data about our consumers. Any breach of our
security policies or applicable legal requirements resulting in a compromise of consumer data could expose us to regulatory enforcement action, limit our ability to provide services, subject us to litigation and/or damage our reputation. 

We face credit and fraud risks from our agents and from consumers that could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations.

The vast majority of our global funds transfer business is conducted through third-party agents that provide our services to
consumers at their retail locations. These agents sell our services, collect funds from consumers and are required to pay the proceeds from these transactions to us. As a result, we have credit exposure to our agents. In some countries, our agent
networks are comprised of agents that establish subagent relationships; these agents must collect funds from their subagents in order to pay us. We are not insured against credit losses, except in certain circumstances related to agent theft or
fraud. If an agent becomes insolvent, files for bankruptcy, commits fraud or otherwise fails to pay money order, money transfer or payment services proceeds to us, we must nonetheless pay the money order, complete the money transfer or payment
services on behalf of the consumer. 

From time to time, we have made, and may in the future make, short term advances and longer term loans
to our agents. These advances and loans generally are secured by settlement funds payable by us to these agents. However, the failure of these borrowing agents to repay these advances and loans constitutes a credit risk to us. 

We offer consumers the ability to transfer money utilizing their credit or debit card through various distribution channels such as the internet or
telephone. Because they are not face-to-face transactions, these transactions involve a greater risk of fraud. We apply verification and other tools to help authenticate transactions and protect against fraud. However, these tools may not always be
successful in protecting us against fraud. As the merchant of these transactions, we may bear the financial risk of the full amount sent in some of the fraudulent transactions. Issuers of credit and debit cards may also incur losses due to
fraudulent transactions on our distribution channels and may elect to block transactions by their cardholders on those channels with or without notice. For example, during 2007, we received notification from several issuing banks that credit or
debit cards issued by them were blocked from transacting on westernunion.com. Although these banks subsequently have allowed our consumers to use their cards again on our website, there is no certainty that these banks will not issue a similar
restriction in the future, and as a result, we may continue to be impacted by notifications such as these in the future. 

We have substantial debt
obligations that could restrict our operations. 

As of December 31, 2007, we had approximately $3.3 billion in consolidated
indebtedness, and we may also incur additional substantial indebtedness in the future. 

32 

Table of Contents

Our indebtedness could have adverse consequences, including: 

•

 limiting our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders; 

•

 increasing our vulnerability to changing economic, regulatory and industry conditions; 

•

 limiting our ability to compete and our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry; 

•

 limiting our ability to borrow additional funds; and 

•

 requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for working capital,
capital expenditures, acquisitions and other purposes. 

There would be adverse tax consequences associated with using
certain earnings generated outside the United States to pay the interest and principal on our indebtedness. Accordingly, this portion of our cash flow will be unavailable under normal circumstances to service our debt obligations. 

Market disruptions and other factors outside our control may make it more expensive or difficult to refinance our existing indebtedness as it becomes
due. Our primary source of liquidity is cash flow from our operations; however, we do finance a portion of our operations through short-term borrowings in the commercial paper markets. Increases in interest rates and the tightening of the credit
markets may adversely affect our ability to access the commercial paper markets in the future. 

Our business, financial position and results of
operations could be harmed by adverse rating actions by credit rating agencies. 

Currently, each of the major credit rating agencies
has given our outstanding indebtedness an investment grade rating. If our current rating is significantly downgraded, or if ratings agencies indicate that a significant downgrade may occur, our business, financial position and results of operations
could be adversely affected and perceptions of our financial strength could be damaged. This could adversely affect our relationships with our agents, particularly those agents that are financial institutions or post offices. In addition, a
significant downgrade or an indication that a significant downgrade may occur also could result in regulators imposing additional capital and other requirements on us, including imposing restrictions on the ability of our regulated subsidiaries to
pay dividends. Also, a significant downgrade could increase our costs of borrowing money, adversely affecting our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Our consolidated balance sheet may not contain sufficient amounts or types of regulatory capital to meet the changing requirements of our various regulators worldwide, which could adversely affect our business,
financial position and results of operations. 

As noted above, we have substantial indebtedness as of December 31, 2007. Our
regulators expect us to possess sufficient financial soundness and strength to adequately support our regulated subsidiaries. In addition, although we are not a bank holding company for purposes of United States law or the law of any other
jurisdiction, as a global provider of payments services and in light of the changing regulatory environment in various jurisdictions, we could be subject to new capital requirements introduced or imposed by our regulators that could require us to
issue securities that would qualify as Tier 1 regulatory capital under the Basel Committee accords or retain earnings over a period of time. Any of these requirements could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations.

Material changes in the market value of the securities we hold may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

As of December 31, 2007, we held $193.8 million in investment securities, substantially all of which are highly rated state
and municipal debt instruments. We regularly monitor our credit risk and attempt to mitigate our exposure by making high quality investments. At December 31, 2007, substantially all investment securities had credit ratings of 

33 

Table of Contents

“AA-” or better from a major credit rating agency. Despite those ratings, it is possible that the value of our portfolio may decline in the future
due to any number of factors, including general market conditions, credit issues or increases in interest rates. Any such decline in value may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

The master trust which holds the assets of our pension plans has assets totaling approximately $400 million as of September 30, 2007, our most
recent measurement date. The fair value of these assets held in the master trust are compared to the plans’ projected benefit obligation to determine the pension funding liability of $27.6 million recorded within “other
liabilities” in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2007. We attempt to mitigate risk through diversification, and we regularly monitor investment risk on our portfolio through quarterly investment portfolio reviews and periodic
asset and liability studies. Despite these measures, it is possible that the value of our portfolio may decline in the future due to any number of factors, including general market conditions and credit issues. Such declines could have an impact on
the funded status of our pension plans and future funding requirements. 

We receive services from third-party vendors that would be difficult to
replace if those vendors ceased providing such services which could cause temporary disruption to our business. 

Some services
relating to our business, such as software application support, the development, hosting and maintenance of our operating systems, money order issuance, check clearing, and processing of returned checks are outsourced to third party vendors, who
would be difficult to replace quickly. If our third party vendors were unwilling or unable to provide us with these services in the future, our business and operations could be adversely affected. 

Risks Relating to the Spin-Off 

If the spin-off does not
qualify as a tax-free transaction, First Data and its stockholders could be subject to material amounts of taxes and, in certain circumstances, our company could be required to indemnify First Data for material taxes pursuant to indemnification
obligations under the tax allocation agreement. 

First Data received a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service to
the effect that, among other things, the spin-off (including certain related transactions) qualifies as tax-free to First Data, us and First Data stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes under sections 355, 368 and related provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code, assuming, among other things, the accuracy of the representations made by First Data with respect to certain matters on which the Internal Revenue Service did not rule. If the factual assumptions or representations made in the
private letter ruling request, including those described above, were untrue or incomplete, then First Data will not be able to rely on the ruling. 

The spin-off was conditioned upon First Data’s receipt of an opinion of Sidley Austin LLP, counsel to First Data, to the effect that, with respect to requirements on which the Internal Revenue Service did not rule, those requirements
would be satisfied. The opinion was based on, among other things, certain assumptions and representations as to factual matters made by First Data and us which, if untrue or incomplete, would jeopardize the conclusions reached by counsel in its
opinion. The opinion is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service or the courts, and the Internal Revenue Service or the courts may not agree with the opinion. 

If, notwithstanding receipt of the private letter ruling and opinion of counsel, the spin-off were determined to be a taxable transaction, each holder of First Data common stock who received shares of our common stock
in connection with the spin-off would generally be treated as receiving a taxable distribution in an amount equal to the fair market value of our common stock received. First Data would recognize taxable gain equal to the excess of the fair market
value of the consideration received by First Data in the contribution over First Data’s tax basis in the assets contributed to us in the contribution. If First Data were unable to pay any taxes for which it is responsible under the tax
allocation agreement, the IRS might seek to collect such taxes from Western Union. 

With respect to taxes and other liabilities that result
from a final determination that is inconsistent with the anticipated tax consequences of the spin-off, as set forth in the private letter ruling and relevant tax opinion, under the terms of the tax allocation agreement we entered into with First
Data prior to the spin-off we will be 

34 

Table of Contents

liable to First Data for any such taxes or liabilities attributable solely to actions taken by or with respect to us, one of our affiliates, or any person
that, after the spin-off, is an affiliate thereof. In addition, we will be liable for 50% of any such taxes or liabilities (i) that would not have been imposed but for the existence of both an action by us and an action by First Data or
(ii) where we and First Data each take actions that, standing alone, would have resulted in the imposition of such taxes or liabilities. We may be similarly liable if we breach certain representations or covenants set forth in the tax
allocation agreement. If we are required to indemnify First Data for taxes incurred as a result of the spin-off being taxable to First Data, it likely would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of
operations. 

Under some circumstances, we could be prevented from engaging in strategic or capital raising transactions, and we could be liable to
First Data for any resulting adverse tax consequences. 

Even if the spin-off otherwise qualified as a tax-free distribution under
section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code, the spin-off may result in significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities to First Data if 50% or more of First Data’s stock or our stock (in each case, by vote or value) is treated as having been
acquired, directly or indirectly, by one or more persons as part of a plan (or series of related transactions) that includes the spin-off. For purposes of this test, any acquisitions of First Data stock or our stock, or any understanding,
arrangement or substantial negotiations regarding an acquisition of First Data stock or our stock, within two years before or after the spin-off are subject to special scrutiny. 

The process for determining whether a change in control prohibited under the foregoing rules has occurred is complex, inherently factual and subject to
interpretation of the facts and circumstances of a particular case. If a direct or indirect acquisition of First Data stock or our stock resulted in a change in control prohibited under those rules, First Data (but not its stockholders) would
recognize taxable gain. Under the tax allocation agreement, we will be liable to First Data (i) for any such taxes or liabilities attributable solely to actions taken by or with respect to us, one of our affiliates, or any person that, after
the spin-off, is an affiliate thereof. In addition, we will be liable for 50% of any such taxes or liabilities (i) that would not have been imposed but for the existence of both an action by us and an action by First Data or (ii) where we
and First Data each take actions that, standing alone, would have resulted in the imposition of such taxes or liabilities. We may be similarly liable if we breach certain representations or covenants set forth in the tax allocation agreement. If we
are required to indemnify First Data for taxes incurred as a result of a prohibited change in control under the rules noted above, it likely would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. As a
result, we may be unable to engage in strategic or capital raising transactions that our stockholders might consider favorable, or to structure potential transactions in the manner most favorable to us.