Significant
factors that could impact the Company’s business operations include, without limitation, the following: 

Availability or
retention of retail space.
 In those countries where the Company maintains leadership in the gum segment, the Company’s ability to retain preferred retail space allocation will impact results. If the Company is not able to retain
this allocation, the Company’s results could be negatively impacted. 

Availability of raw materials.
 The Company
uses many raw materials to manufacture chewing gum and other confectionery products including sugar, corn syrup, flavoring oils, polyols and high intensity sweeteners. While these products are generally readily available on the open market, if the
Company is unable to maintain the availability, pricing and sourcing of these raw materials, the Company’s results could be negatively impacted. 

Changes in demographics and consumer preference.
 The Company operates in an increasingly competitive industry. As such, the Company’s continued success is dependent upon its ability to continue
to create and market products which appeal to diverse consumers. Failure to adequately anticipate and react to changing demographics and product preferences, the failure of new or existing products to be favorably received or the Company’s
inability to otherwise adapt to changing customer and consumer needs could result in increased capital, marketing or other expenditures or may result in a decrease in category share growth, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s operating results. 

Changes in foreign currency and marketplace conditions.
 Manufacturing and sales of a
significant portion of the Company’s products are outside the United States. The majority of countries in which the Company operates tend to be politically, socially and economically stable. To the extent there is political or social unrest,
civil war, terrorism or significant economic instability, the results of the Company’s business in such countries could be negatively impacted. In addition, given the global nature of our business, we earn revenue, pay expenses, incur
liabilities and hold assets in a variety of foreign currencies which we translate into U.S. Dollars for financial reporting purposes at the then-applicable exchange rate. Consequently, volatility in foreign currencies and the U.S. Dollar could
have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations. 

Increased competition, discounting and other competitive
actions.
 The Company competes worldwide with other well-established manufacturers of confectionery products, including chewing gum. In addition, the Company’s results may be negatively impacted by ineffective advertising, or by our
failure to sufficiently counter aggressive competitive actions. In addition, discounting and other competitive actions may also make it more difficult for the Company to maintain its operating margins. 

Underutilization of or inadequate manufacturing capacity.
 Unanticipated movements in consumer demands could result in inadequate
manufacturing capacity or underutilization of the Company’s manufacturing capacity, which could negatively impact manufacturing efficiencies and costs. 

4 

Governmental regulations.

 Government regulations with respect to import
duties, tariffs, taxes and environmental controls, both in and outside the United States, could negatively impact the Company’s costs and ability to compete in domestic or foreign marketplaces. 

Labor stoppages.
 To the extent the Company experiences any material labor stoppages, such disputes or strikes could negatively affect
shipments from suppliers or shipments of finished product. 

Outcome of integrating acquired businesses.
 The
Company’s inability to successfully integrate any acquired businesses or assets could cause actual results to differ from anticipated results or expectations of the business. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This report and any documents incorporated by reference may include
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21 E of the Exchange Act. Statements and financial disclosure that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of
such regulations, as well as the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements or disclosures may discuss goals, intentions and expectations as to future trends, plans, events, results of operations or financial condition, or
state other information relating to the Company, based on current beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Company. 

Forward-looking statements may be accompanied by words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “estimate,”
“expect,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” “possible,” “potential,” “predict,” “project” or other similar words, phrases or expressions. Although the Company believes these
forward-looking statements are reasonable, they are based upon a number of assumptions concerning future conditions, any or all of which may ultimately prove to be inaccurate. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to vary. Significant factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements are included in the section entitled “Risk Factors” (refer to Part I, Item 1A)
and those listed from time to time in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the risk factors or uncertainties listed herein or listed in any document incorporated by reference herein. The factors identified are
believed to be significant factors, but not necessarily all of the significant factors, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement. Unpredictable or unknown factors could also have
material effects on the Company. All forward-looking statements included in this report and in the documents incorporated by reference herein are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. Except as required by
law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update, amend or clarify forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.