.

 Significant factors that could impact the Company’s
 business operations include, without limitation, the following:

 Availability or retention of retail
 space.
  In those countries where we maintain
 market leadership in the chewing gum segment, our ability to
 retain preferred retail space allocation will impact results. If
 we are not able to retain this allocation, our results could be
 negatively impacted.

 Availability of raw materials.
  We use
 many different raw materials to manufacture chewing gum and
 other confectionery products including sugar, corn syrup,
 flavoring oils, polyols and high intensity sweeteners. While
 these products are generally readily available on the open
 market, if we were unable to maintain the availability, pricing
 and sourcing of these raw materials, our results could be
 negatively impacted.

 Changes in demographics and consumer
 preferences.
  We operate in an increasingly
 competitive market. As such, our continued success is dependent
 upon our ability to continue to create and market products which
 appeal to our diverse consumers. Failure to adequately
 anticipate and react to changing demographics and product
 preferences, the failure of new or existing products to be
 favorably received, or our inability to otherwise adapt to
 changing market needs, could have a material adverse effect on
 our operating results.

 Changes in foreign currency and market
 conditions.
  Manufacturing and sales of a
 significant portion of our products are outside the United
 States. The majority of the countries in which we operate tend
 to be politically, socially and economically stable. To the
 extent there is political or social unrest, civil war, terrorism
 or significant economic instability, the results of our business
 in such countries could be negatively impacted. In addition,
 volatility in foreign currencies could have a material adverse
 effect on our results of operations.

 Increased competition, discounting and other competitive
 actions.
  We compete worldwide with other
 well-established manufacturers of confectionery products,
 including chewing gum. Our results may be negatively impacted by
 ineffective advertising, or by failure to sufficiently counter
 aggressive competitive actions. In addition, discounting and
 other competitive actions may make it more difficult for us to
 maintain our operating margins.

 3

 Underutilization of or inadequate manufacturing capacity
 and labor stoppages.
  Unanticipated movements
 in consumer demands could result in inadequate manufacturing
 capacity or underutilization of our manufacturing capacity which
 could negatively impact manufacturing efficiencies and costs.

 Governmental regulations.
  Governmental
 regulations with respect to import duties, tariffs, taxes and
 environmental controls, both in and outside the U.S., could
 negatively impact our costs and ability to compete in domestic
 or foreign marketplaces.

 Labor stoppages.
  To the extent we
 experience any material labor stoppages, such disputes or
 strikes could negatively affect shipments from suppliers or
 shipments of finished product.

 Outcome of integrating acquired
 businesses.
  Our inability to successfully
 integrate any acquired business or assets, including the
 acquisition of certain confectionary assets of Kraft Foods
 Global, Inc., could cause actual results to differ from
 anticipated results or expectations of the Company’s
 business.

 Forward-Looking
 Statements

 This report and any documents incorporated by reference may
 include forward-looking statements within the meaning of
 Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of
 the Exchange Act. Statements and financial disclosure that are
 not historical facts are forward looking statements within the
 meaning of such regulations, as well as the Private Securities
 Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements or disclosures
 may discuss goals, intentions and expectations as to future
 trends, plans, events, results of operations or financial
 condition, or state other information relating to us, based on
 current beliefs of management as well as assumptions made by,
 and information currently available. Forward-looking statements
 may be accompanied by words such as “anticipate”,
 “believe,” “could,” “estimate,”
 “expect,” “forecast,” “intend,”
 “may,” “possible, “potential,”
 “predict,” “project” or other similar words,
 phrases or expressions. Although we believe these
 forward-looking statements are reasonable, they are based upon a
 number of assumptions, concerning future conditions, any or all
 of which may ultimately prove to be inaccurate.

 Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and
 uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary.
 Additionally, significant factors that may affect the
 Company’s operations, performance, development or business
 results include the risks and uncertainties described above,
 those listed from time to time in the Company’s filings
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the risk factors
 or uncertainties listed herein or listed in any document
 incorporated by reference herein.

 The factors identified above are believed to be significant
 factors, but not necessarily all of the significant factors,
 that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
 expressed in any forward-looking statement. Unpredictable or
 unknown factors could also have material effects on us. All
 forward-looking statements included in this report and in the
 documents incorporated by reference herein are expressly
 qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary
 statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no
 obligation to update, amend or clarify forward-looking
 statements, whether as a result of new information, future
 events, or otherwise.