Investing in the
company’s securities involves risks. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones the company faces. 

Strategic Review 

The company has been undertaking a strategic review of its
asset portfolio. Facilities that do not represent a long-term strategic fit for the company, or that cannot achieve top-quartile performance without significant capital investments, are being assessed for closure or sale. The company’s
strategic review has resulted in the sale and closure of several company facilities during 2005 and may result in additional dispositions or closures of company assets in 2006. The impact of these changes in the company’s asset portfolio may
result in changes to future company operations that may affect the market price of the company’s securities. 

Reduction in Credit Rating on Company Debt Securities 

The actions taken by the
company as a result of its ongoing strategic review of its asset portfolio may affect the credit rating on the company’s debt securities. Credit rating agencies may from time to time change their ratings on the company’s securities as a
result of the company’s operating results or actions the company takes or as a result of a change in the views of the credit rating agencies regarding, among other things, the general outlook for the company’s industry or the economy.
There can be no assurance that Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s or other rating agencies will not reduce their ratings of the company’s securities or securities that the company may issue in the future or place any of those
securities on a so-called “watch list” for possible future downgrading. Any of these events would likely increase the company’s costs of financing and have an adverse effect on the market price of the company’s securities. The
credit ratings accorded to the company’s securities are not recommendations to purchase, hold or sell those securities, inasmuch as those ratings do not comment as to the market price or suitability for particular investors. 

Share Repurchase 

On October 21, 2005, the company announced a program to repurchase 18 million shares of its outstanding common stock. See “Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.” The company’s repurchase of its common stock may affect the future market price of the company’s securities. 

Adverse Effects on Company Operating Results 

Historically, the company’s operating results have been affected by a variety of market conditions that influence demand and pricing for the company’s products. Certain factors, such as the health of the economy, the level of
interest rates and the strength of the U.S. dollar, are cyclical in nature. Other factors, such as a trend toward electronic substitution for paper, may represent fundamental changes in the marketplace for the company’s products. In addition,
the company’s operating results may be adversely affected by increases in raw material, chemicals, energy and transportation costs. See “Economic and Industry Factors Affecting Operations” and “Critical Accounting Policies —
Long-Lived Assets and Goodwill” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” 

Adverse Decision in Paragon Trade Brands Bankruptcy Proceedings 

In 1999, the
Equity Committee (Committee) in the Paragon Trade Brands, Inc. (Paragon), bankruptcy proceeding commenced an adversary proceeding against the company in U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Georgia asserting the company breached
certain warranties in agreements between Paragon and the company connected with Paragon’s public offering of common stock in February 1993. The Committee sought to recover damages sustained by Paragon in two patent infringement cases, one
brought by Procter & Gamble and the other by Kimberly-Clark. In June 2002, the Bankruptcy Court held the company liable for breaches of warranty. In the second quarter of 2005, the Bankruptcy Court imposed damages of approximately $470
million. The company appealed the liability and damages determinations to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia and posted a bond of $500 million. The company has not established a reserve for this matter because, based upon
the information currently available to the company, including management’s belief that an adverse result is not probable because the company will prevail on appeal, management believes the requirements of Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 5, Accounting for Contingencies (Statement 5), for establishing a reserve in this matter have not been met. However, there is no guarantee that management will not determine in the future that a charge for all or a portion

4 

Table of Contents

of any damage award is required. Any such charge could materially and adversely affect the company’s results of operations for the quarter or the year
in which such a charge may be recognized. 

Adverse Verdict in Alder Log Antitrust
Cases 

In December 2000, a lawsuit was filed against the company in U.S. District Court in Oregon (the Initial Alder Case) alleging that from 1996 to
the present, the company had monopoly power or attempted to gain monopoly power in the Pacific Northwest market for alder logs and finished alder lumber. A jury verdict of trebled damages of $79 million was appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit where the decision was upheld. In September 2005, the company asked for discretionary review of the Initial Alder Case by the U.S. Supreme Court. In November 2005, the U.S. Supreme Court asked the Solicitor General to express the
opinions of the United States on whether to accept review. 

In January 2005,
the company received a copy of a “complaint in equity” filed in U.S. District Court in Oregon to set aside the judgment in the Initial Alder Case on behalf of a plaintiff who did not prevail in the trial. It alleged a fraud was committed
on the court and requested judgment against the plaintiff be vacated and a new trial set on plaintiff’s claim of monopolization of the alder sawlog market. Trebled damages of $20 million are alleged. The U.S. District Court stayed this matter
until the U.S. Supreme Court takes final action in the Initial Alder Case. The company denies the allegations in the complaint and intends to vigorously defend the matter. 

In June 2003, Washington Alder filed an antitrust lawsuit against the company in U.S. District Court in Oregon alleging monopolization of
the alder log and lumber markets and seeking trebled damages of $36 million and divestiture of the company’s Northwest Hardwoods Division and alder sawmills in Oregon, Washington and British Columbia. A jury verdict of trebled damages of
$16 million was appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. After oral argument in November 2005, the matter was stayed pending a final disposition by the U.S. Supreme Court of the Initial Alder Case. 

In 2004, the company settled similar lawsuits filed against the company by five hardwood
mill owners in the U.S. District Court in Oregon. 

In April 2004, a civil
class action antitrust lawsuit was filed against the company in U.S. District Court in Oregon claiming that as a result of the company’s alleged monopolization of the alder sawlog market in the Pacific Northwest as determined in the Initial
Alder Case, the company monopolized the market for finished alder and charged monopoly prices for finished alder lumber. In December 2004, the Judge issued an order certifying the plaintiff as a class representative for all U.S. purchasers of
finished alder lumber between April 28, 2000, and March 31, 2004, for purposes of awarding monetary damages. The company disagrees with the allegations in the lawsuit and intends to continue vigorously defending the case. In February 2005,
class counsel notified the court that approximately 5 percent of the class members opted out of the class action lawsuit. The company has no litigation pending with any entity that has opted out of the class, but it is possible that entities that
have opted out may file lawsuits against the company in the future. The case was stayed in the fourth quarter of 2005 pending the U.S. Supreme Court entering a final opinion in the Initial Alder Case. 

As of December 25, 2005, the company has a reserve of $95 million related to the alder
cases. While the company believes the reserve established for the alder antitrust litigation is adequate, the company is unable to estimate what additional charges, if any, may be required in the future because of the uncertainties surrounding the
litigation process.