We are subject to certain risks and events that, if one or more of them occur, could adversely affect our business, our financial condition, our
results of operations and the trading price of our common stock. 

You should consider the following risk factors, in addition to the
other information presented in this report and the matters described in “Forward-Looking Statements,” as well as the other reports and registration statements we file from time to time with the SEC, in evaluating us, our business and an
investment in our securities. 

The risks below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we
currently deem immaterial also may adversely affect our business. 

RISKS RELATED
TO OUR INDUSTRIES AND BUSINESS 

MACROECONOMIC CONDITIONS 

The industries in which
we operate are sensitive to macroeconomic conditions and consequently highly cyclical. 

The overall levels of demand for the products
we manufacture and distribute and consequently our sales and profitability reflect fluctuations in levels of end-user demand, which depend in part on general macroeconomic conditions in North America and worldwide as well as on local economic
conditions. Current economic conditions in the United States and the global economic downturn, combined with the decreased availability of credit and high foreclosure rates, has resulted in a continued weakness in the homebuilding industry
(including the company’s Real Estate business), increased inventories of available new homes, significant declines in home prices, loss of home-equity values and loss of consumer confidence and demand. Our Wood Products segment is highly
dependent on the strength of the homebuilding industry and the weakness in that industry has resulted in depressed prices of and demand for wood products and building materials. This has been further reflected in declining prices and demand for logs
and reduced harvests in our Timberland segment. The length and magnitude of industry cycles have varied over time and by product, but generally reflect changes in macroeconomic conditions. Consumer demand could continue to decline as a result of the
current economic conditions, further adversely affecting our businesses. 

COMMODITY PRODUCTS

Many of our products are commodities that are widely available from other producers. 

Because commodity products have few distinguishing properties from producer to producer, competition for these products is based primarily on price,
which is determined by supply relative to demand and competition from substitute products. Prices for our products are affected by many factors outside of our control, and we have no influence over the timing and extent of price changes, which often
are volatile. Our profitability with respect to these products depends, in part, on managing our costs, particularly raw material and energy costs, which represent significant components of our operating costs and can fluctuate based upon factors
beyond our control. Prices of and demand for many of our products have declined significantly in recent quarters, while many of our raw material or energy costs have increased. This has adversely affected both our sales and profitability.

INDUSTRY SUPPLY OF LOGS, WOOD PRODUCTS AND PULP 

Excess supply of products may adversely affect prices and margins. 

Industry supply of logs, wood products and pulp is subject to changing macroeconomic and industry conditions that may cause producers to idle or permanently close individual machines or entire mills
or to decrease harvest levels. To avoid substantial cash costs in connection with idling or closing a mill, some producers choose to continue to operate at a loss, which could prolong weak prices due to oversupply. Oversupply of products also may
result from producers introducing new capacity or increasing harvest levels in response to favorable short-term pricing trends. Industry supplies of pulp also are influenced by overseas production capacity, which has grown in recent years and is
expected to continue to grow. While the weakness of the U.S. dollar in recent years has improved the company’s competitive position and mitigated the levels of imports, the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar and decreases in demand for
consumer products in emerging markets may result in increased imports of pulp from overseas, resulting in lower prices. Continuation of these factors could materially and adversely affect sales volumes and margins of our operations. 

22  

Table of Contents

HOMEBUILDING MARKET AND ECONOMIC RISKS 

Continuing high foreclosure rates, low demand and low levels of consumer confidence could continue to adversely affect our sales volume, pricing
and margins and result in further impairments. 

Demand for homes is sensitive to changes in economic conditions such as the level of
employment, consumer confidence, consumer income, the availability of financing and interest rate levels. During the period of 2007 through 2010, the mortgage industry experienced significant instability and increasing default rates, particularly
with regard to subprime and other nonconforming loans. This caused many lenders to tighten credit requirements and reduce the number of mortgage loans available for financing home purchases. Demand for new homes also has been adversely affected by
factors such as continued high unemployment, accelerating foreclosure rates and distress sales of houses, significant declines in home values and a collapse of consumer confidence. Our cancellation rates have fallen, but homebuyers sometimes find it
more advantageous to forfeit a deposit than to complete the purchase of the home because of the fear of further price declines. 

The
company has traditionally carried a larger supply of land for development than many of our competitors. Some of the land was purchased during the last few years. Land prices have fallen in these markets and may continue to fall. As new housing
demand in our markets has fallen significantly, we have elected to sell some of our land and lots at a loss or declined to exercise options, even though that required us to forfeit deposits and write off preacquisition costs. We also have changed
our competitive strategies in some markets and elected to discontinue or postpone development in other markets in response to the downturn. As a result, we continue to look for opportunities to reposition our portfolio through the sale of our
assets. 

Our homebuyers’ ability to qualify for and obtain affordable mortgages could be affected by changes in government
sponsored entities and private mortgage insurance companies supporting the mortgage market. 

The federal government has historically
had a significant role in supporting mortgage lending through its sponsorship of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. As a result of turbulence in the credit markets and mortgage finance industry in the last few years, the effect of the federal
government’s conservatorship of these government sponsored entities on the short-term and long-term demand for new housing remains unclear. The liquidity provided to the mortgage industry by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, both of which
purchase home mortgages and mortgage-backed securities originated by mortgage lenders, is critical to the housing market. There have been significant concerns about the future purpose of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and a number of proposals to
curtail their activities over time are under review. Any limitations or restrictions on the availability of financing by these entities could adversely affect interest rates, mortgage financing, and increase the effective cost of our homes, which
could reduce demand for our homes and adversely affect our results of operations. 

Changes in tax regulations could harm our future
sales and earnings. 

Significant costs of homeownership include mortgage interest expense and real estate taxes, both of which are
generally deductible for an individual’s federal and, in some cases, state income taxes. Any changes to income tax laws by the federal government or a state government to eliminate or substantially reduce these income tax deductions, as has
been considered from time to time, would increase the after-tax cost of owning a home. Increases in real estate taxes by local governmental authorities also increase the cost of homeownership. Any such increases to the cost of homeownership could
adversely affect the demand for and sales prices of new homes. 

CAPITAL MARKETS 

Recent deterioration in economic conditions and the credit markets could adversely affect our access to capital. 

Financial and credit markets have been experiencing a period of turmoil that has included the failure or sale of various financial institutions and
an unprecedented level of intervention from the United States government. While it is difficult to predict the ultimate results of these events, they may impair the company’s ability to borrow money. Similarly, our customers may be unable to
borrow money to fund their operations. 

Continued deteriorating or volatile market conditions could: 

•

 adversely affect our ability to access credit markets on terms acceptable to us, 

•

 limit our capital expenditures for repair or replacement of existing facilities or equipment, 

•

 adversely affect our compliance with covenants under existing credit agreements, 

•

 result in adverse changes in the credit ratings of our debt securities, 

•

 have an adverse effect on our customers and suppliers and their ability to purchase our products, 

•

 adversely affect the banks providing financial security for the transaction structures used to defer taxes related to several major sales of
timber, 

•

 adversely affect the performance of our pension plans requiring additional company contributions and 

•

 reduce our ability to take advantage of growth and expansion opportunities. 

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY >

2010 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K   

23

Table of Contents

CHANGES IN CREDIT RATINGS 

Changes in credit ratings issued by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations could adversely affect our cost of financing and have
an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. 

Credit rating agencies rate our debt securities on factors that include our
operating results, actions that we take, their view of the general outlook for our industry and their view of the general outlook for the economy. Actions taken by the rating agencies can include maintaining, upgrading or downgrading the current
rating or placing the company on a watch list for possible future downgrading. Downgrading the credit rating of our debt securities or placing us on a watch list for possible future downgrading could limit our access to the credit markets, increase
our cost of financing, and have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. 

SUBSTITUTION

Some of our products are vulnerable to declines in demand due to competing technologies or materials. 

Our products may compete with nonfiber-based alternatives or with alternative products in certain market segments. For example, plastic,
wood/plastic or composite materials may be used by builders as alternatives to the products produced by our Wood Products businesses such as lumber, veneer, plywood and oriented strand board. Changes in prices for oil, chemicals and wood-based fiber
can change the competitive position of our products relative to available alternatives and could increase substitution of those products for our products. As the use of these alternatives grows, demand for our products may further decline.

CHANGES IN PRODUCT MIX OR PRICING 

Our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by changes in product mix or pricing. 

Our results may be affected by a change in our sales mix. Our outlook assumes a certain volume and product mix of sales. If actual results vary from this projected volume and product mix of sales,
our operations and our results could be negatively affected. Our outlook also assumes we will be successful in implementing previously announced price increases as well as future price increases. Delays in acceptance of price increases could
negatively affect our results. Moreover, price discounting, if required to maintain our competitive position, could result in lower than anticipated price realizations. 

INTENSE COMPETITION 

We face intense competition
in our markets, and the failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We compete with North American and, for many of our product lines, global producers, some of which may have greater financial resources and lower production costs than we do. The principal basis for
competition is selling price. Our ability to maintain satisfactory margins depends in large part on our ability to control our costs. Our industries are also particularly sensitive to other factors including innovation, design, quality and service,
with varying emphasis on these factors depending on the product line. To the extent that one or more of our competitors become more successful with respect to any key competitive factor, our ability to attract and retain customers could be
materially adversely affected. If we are unable to compete effectively, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

MATERIAL DISRUPTION OF MANUFACTURING 

A material
disruption at one of our manufacturing facilities could prevent us from meeting customer demand, reduce our sales or negatively affect our results of operation and financial condition. 

Any of our manufacturing facilities, or any of our machines within an otherwise operational facility, could cease operations unexpectedly due to a number of events, including: 

•

 unscheduled maintenance outages; 

•

 prolonged power failures; 

•

 an equipment failure; 

•

 a chemical spill or release; 

•

 explosion of a boiler; 

•

 the effect of a drought or reduced rainfall on its water supply; 

•

 labor difficulties; 

•

 disruptions in the transportation infrastructure, including roads, bridges, railroad tracks and tunnels; 

•

 fires, floods, windstorms, earthquakes, hurricanes or other catastrophes; 

•

 terrorism or threats of terrorism; 

•

 governmental regulations; and 

•

 other operational problems. 

Any such downtime or facility damage could prevent us from meeting customer demand for our products and/or require us to make unplanned capital expenditures. If one of these machines or facilities
were to incur significant downtime, our ability to meet our production targets and satisfy customer requirements could be impaired, resulting in lower sales and income. 

24  

Table of Contents

CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS 

Our operations require substantial capital. 

The company has substantial capital requirements for expansion and repair or replacement of existing facilities or equipment. Although we maintain our production equipment with regular scheduled
maintenance, key pieces of equipment may need to be repaired or replaced periodically. The costs of repairing or replacing such equipment and the associated downtime of the affected production line could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We believe our capital resources will be adequate to meet our current
projected operating needs, capital expenditures and other cash requirements. If for any reason we are unable to provide for our operating needs, capital expenditures and other cash requirements on economic terms, we could experience a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

LAWS AND
REGULATIONS 

We could incur substantial costs as a result of compliance with, violations of or liabilities under applicable
environmental laws and other laws and regulations. 

We are subject to a wide range of general and industry-specific laws and
regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing: 

•

 air emissions; 

•

 wastewater discharges; 

•

 harvesting; 

•

 silvicultural activities; 

•

 the storage, management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes; 

•

 the cleanup of contaminated sites; 

•

 landfill operation and closure obligations; 

•

 forestry operations and endangered species habitat; and 

•

 health and safety matters. 

In particular, the pulp and paper industry in the United States is subject to Cluster Rules and Boiler Maximum Achievable Control Technology Rules that further regulate effluent and air emissions.
These laws and regulations will require us to obtain authorizations from and comply with the authorization requirements of the appropriate governmental authorities, which have considerable discretion over the terms and timing of permits. 

We have incurred, and we expect to continue to incur, significant capital, operating and other expenditures complying with applicable environmental
laws and regulations and as a result of remedial obligations. We also could incur substantial costs, such as civil or criminal fines, sanctions and enforcement actions (including orders limiting our operations or requiring corrective measures,
installation of pollution control equipment or other remedial actions), cleanup and closure costs, and third-party claims for property damage and personal injury as a result of violations of, or liabilities under, environmental laws and regulations.

As the owner and operator of real estate, including in our homebuilding business, we may be liable under environmental laws for cleanup,
closure and other damages resulting from the presence and release of hazardous substances on or from our properties or operations. The amount and timing of environmental expenditures is difficult to predict, and in some cases, our liability may
exceed forecasted amounts or the value of the property itself. The discovery of additional contamination or the imposition of additional cleanup obligations at our sites or third-party sites may result in significant additional costs. Any material
liability we incur could adversely affect our financial condition or preclude us from making capital expenditures that otherwise would benefit our business. 

We also anticipate public policy developments at the state, federal and international level regarding climate change and energy access, security and competitiveness. We expect these developments to
address emission of carbon dioxide, renewable energy and fuel standards, and the monetization of carbon. Compliance with regulations that implement new public policy in these areas might require significant expenditures. Enactment of new
environmental laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations, or the interpretation of these laws or regulations, might require significant expenditures. We also anticipate public policy developments at the state, federal and
international level regarding taxes, health care and a number of other areas that could require significant expenditures. 

CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATES 

We will be affected by changes in currency exchange rates. 

We have manufacturing operations in Canada, Uruguay and Brazil. We are also a large exporter and compete with producers of products very similar to
ours. 
Therefore, we are affected by changes in the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to the Canadian dollar, Euro and Yen. 

AVAILABILITY OF RAW MATERIALS AND ENERGY 

Our business and operations could be materially adversely affected by changes in the
cost or availability of raw materials and energy. 

We rely heavily on certain raw materials (principally wood fiber and chemicals)
and energy sources (principally natural gas, electricity, coal and fuel oil) in our manufacturing processes. Our ability to increase earnings has been, and will continue to 

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY >

2010 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K   

25

Table of Contents

be, affected by changes in the costs and availability of such raw materials and energy sources. We may not be able to fully offset the effects of higher raw material or energy costs through
hedging arrangements, price increases, productivity improvements or cost-reduction programs. 

TRANSPORTATION 

We depend on third parties for transportation services and increases in costs and the availability of transportation could materially adversely affect our business and operations. 

Our business depends on the transportation of a large number of products, both domestically and internationally. We rely primarily on third parties
for transportation of the products we manufacture and/or distribute as well as delivery of our raw materials. In particular, a significant portion of the goods we manufacture and raw materials we use are transported by railroad or trucks, which are
highly regulated. 

If any of our third-party transportation providers were to fail to deliver the goods we manufacture or distribute in a
timely manner, we may be unable to sell those products at full value — or at all. Similarly, if any of these providers were to fail to deliver raw materials to us in a timely manner, we may be unable to manufacture our products in response
to customer demand. In addition, if any of these third parties were to cease operations or cease doing business with us, we may be unable to replace them at reasonable cost. 

Any failure of a third-party transportation provider to deliver raw materials or finished products in a timely manner could harm our reputation, negatively affect our customer relationships and have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation. 

In addition, an increase in transportation rates or fuel
surcharges could materially adversely affect our sales and profitability. 

REIT STATUS 

If we fail to qualify or remain qualified as a REIT, we would be subject to tax at corporate rates and would not be able to deduct dividends to
shareholders when computing our taxable income because our timber-related income will be subject to taxation. 

In any taxable year we
fail to qualify as a REIT, unless we are entitled to relief under the Internal Revenue Code: 

•

 We would be subject to federal and state income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates. 

•

 We would not be allowed to deduct dividends to shareholders in computing our taxable income. 

•

 We also would be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which we lost qualification.

If we fail to qualify as a REIT, we might need to borrow funds or liquidate some investments in order to pay the
additional tax liability. Accordingly, funds available for investment or dividends to our shareholders would be reduced. 

Qualification
as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal Revenue Code to our operations and the determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. There are only limited
judicial or administrative interpretations of these provisions. Although we operate in a manner consistent with the REIT qualification rules, we cannot assure you that we are or will remain so qualified. 

In addition, federal and state tax laws are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, the Internal Revenue Service,
the United States Department of the Treasury, and state taxing authorities. Changes to the tax law could adversely affect our shareholders. We cannot predict with certainty whether, when, in what forms, or with what effective dates, the tax laws
applicable to us or our shareholders may be changed. 

Certain of our business activities are potentially subject to prohibited
transactions tax or corporate-level income tax. 

Under the Internal Revenue Code, REITs generally must engage in the ownership and
management of income producing real estate. For the Company, this generally includes owning and managing a timberland portfolio for the production and sale of standing timber. Accordingly, the manufacture and sale by us of wood products, the
harvesting and sale of logs, and the development or sale of certain timberlands, the manufacture and sale of pulp products, the development of real estate, the building and sale of single-family houses and the development and sale of land and lots
for real estate development are conducted through one or more of our wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiaries (“TRSs”) because such activities could generate non-qualifying REIT income and could constitute “prohibited
transactions.” Prohibited transactions are defined by the Internal Revenue Code generally to be sales or other dispositions of property to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business. By conducting our business in this manner we
believe that we satisfy the REIT requirements of the Internal Revenue Code and are not subject to the 100 percent tax that could be imposed if a REIT were to conduct a prohibited transaction. We may not always be successful, however, in limiting
such activities to our TRSs. Therefore, we could be subject to the 100 percent prohibited transactions tax if such instances were to occur. The net income of our TRSs is subject to corporate-level income tax. 

26  

Table of Contents

The extent of our use of our TRS may affect the price of our common shares relative to the share price
of other REITs. 

We conduct a significant portion of our business activities through one or more TRSs. Our use of our TRSs enables us to
engage in non-REIT qualifying business activities such as the sale of logs, production and sale of wood products and pulp products, real estate development and single-family home sales, and sale of HBU property. Our TRSs are subject to
corporate-level tax. Therefore, we pay income taxes on the income generated by our TRSs. Under the Code, no more than 25 percent of the value of the gross assets of a REIT may be represented by securities of one or more TRS. This limitation may
affect our ability to increase the size of our TRSs’ operations. Furthermore, our use of TRSs may cause the market to value our common shares differently than the shares of other REITs, which may not use TRSs as extensively as we use them.

We may be limited in our ability to fund distributions using cash generated through our taxable REIT subsidiaries. 

The ability of the REIT to receive dividends from our TRS is limited by the rules with which we must comply to maintain our status as a REIT. In
particular, at least 75 percent of gross income for each taxable year as a REIT must be derived from passive real estate sources including sales of our standing timber and other types of qualifying real estate income and no more than 25 percent of
our gross income may consist of dividends from our TRS and other non-real estate income. 

This limitation on our ability to receive
dividends from our TRSs may affect our ability to fund cash distributions to our shareholders using cash flows from our TRSs. We can, however, under current law, issue stock dividends for up to 90 percent of our regular dividend distribution for
calendar years through 2011. The net income of our TRSs is not required to be distributed, and income that is not distributed will not be subject to the REIT income distribution requirement. 

Our cash dividends are not guaranteed and may fluctuate. 

Generally, REITs are
required to distribute 90 percent of their ordinary taxable income and 95 percent of their net capital gains income. Capital gains may be retained by the REIT, but would be subject to income taxes. If capital gains are retained rather than
distributed, our shareholders would be notified and they would be deemed to have received a taxable distribution, with a refundable credit for any federal income tax paid by the REIT. Accordingly, we believe that we are not required to distribute
material amounts of cash since substantially all of our taxable income is treated as capital gains income. Our Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, determines the amount of quarterly dividends to be provided to our shareholders based on
consideration of a number of factors. These factors include, but are not limited to, our results of operations, cash flow and capital requirements, economic conditions, tax considerations, borrowing capacity and other factors, including debt
covenant restrictions that may impose limitations on cash payments, future acquisitions and divestitures, harvest levels, changes in the price and demand for our products and general market demand for timberlands including those timberland