We are subject to certain risks and events that, if one or more of them occur, could adversely affect our
business, our financial condition and our results of operations and the trading price of our common stock. 

You should consider the following risk
factors, in addition to the other information presented in this report and the matters described in “Forward-Looking Statements,” as well as the other reports and registration statements we file from time to time with the SEC, in
evaluating us, our business, and an investment in our securities. 

The risks below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks not currently
known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may adversely affect our business. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR INDUSTRIES AND BUSINESS 

CYCLICAL INDUSTRIES 

The industries in which we operate are highly cyclical. Fluctuations in the prices of and the
demand for our products could result in smaller profit margins and lower sales volumes. 

Our businesses are highly cyclical. Historically,
economic and market shifts, fluctuations in capacity and changes in foreign currency exchange rates and mortgage interest rates have created cyclical changes in prices, sales volume and margins for our products. The length and magnitude of industry
cycles have varied over time and by product but generally reflect changes in macroeconomic conditions and levels of industry capacity. 

Many of our
products are commodities that are widely available from other producers. Because commodity products have few distinguishing properties from producer to producer, competition for these products is based primarily on price, which is determined by
supply relative to demand. 

The overall levels of demand for the products we manufacture and distribute, and consequently our sales and profitability,
reflect fluctuations in levels of end-user demand, which depend in part on general macroeconomic conditions in North America and worldwide, and local economic conditions, and competition from substitute products. 

Changes in the following are some of the factors that may adversely affect our businesses and the results of operations: 

•

 industrial, nondurable goods production; 

•

 consumer spending; 

•

 employment levels; 

•

 job growth; 

•

 population growth; 

•

 new home construction and repair and remodeling activity; 

•

 consumer confidence; 

•

 interest rates; and 

•

 currency exchange rates. 

Industry supply
of logs, pulp, paper, packaging and wood products also is subject to fluctuation, as changing industry conditions may cause producers to idle or permanently close individual machines or entire mills or to decrease harvesting levels. In addition, to
avoid substantial cash costs in connection with idling or closing a mill, some producers choose to continue to operate at a loss, which could prolong weak prices due to oversupply. Oversupply also may result from producers introducing new capacity
or increasing harvest levels in response to favorable short-term pricing trends. 

Industry supply of pulp, paper and containerboard also are
influenced by overseas production capacity, which has grown in recent years and is expected to continue to grow. While the weakness of the U.S. dollar has mitigated the levels of imports in recent years, imports of pulp, paper and containerboard
from overseas may increase, resulting in lower prices. 

Prices for our products are affected by many factors outside of our control, and we will have
little influence over the timing and extent of price changes, which often are volatile. Because market conditions beyond our control determine the prices for our commodity products, the price for any one or more of these products may fall below our
cash production costs, requiring us either to incur cash losses on product sales or cease production at one or more of our manufacturing facilities or curtail harvest levels. Our profitability with respect to these products depends on managing our
costs, particularly raw material and energy costs, which represent significant components of our operating costs and can fluctuate based upon factors beyond our control, as described below. If the prices of or demand for our products declines, if
our raw material or energy costs increase, or both, our sales and profitability could be materially and adversely affected. 

SUBSTITUTION 

Some of our products are vulnerable to declines in demand due to competing technologies or materials.

Our products may compete with nonfiber-based alternatives or with alternative products in certain market segments. For example, plastic packaging
may be used as an alternative to our corrugated packaging business products; and plastic, wood/plastic or composite materials may be used by builders as alternatives to the products produced by our wood products businesses such as lumber, veneer,
plywood and oriented strand. Changes in prices for oil, chemicals and wood-based 

Weyerhaeuser Company 2007 Annual Report and Form 10-K   

23

Table of Contents

fiber can change the competitive position of our products relative to available alternatives and could increase substitution of those products for our
products. As the use of these alternatives grows, demand for our products may further decline. 

CHANGES IN PRODUCT MIX OR PRICING 

Our results of operation and financial condition could be materially adversely
affected by changes in product mix or pricing. 

Our results may be affected by a change in our sales mix. Our outlook assumes a certain volume and
product mix of sales. If actual results vary from this projected volume and product mix of sales, our operations and our results could be negatively affected. Our outlook also assumes we will be successful in implementing previously announced price
increases as well as future price increases. Delays in acceptance of price increases could negatively affect our results. Moreover, price discounting, if required to maintain our competitive position, could result in lower than anticipated price
realizations. 

INTENSE COMPETITION 

We face intense competition in our markets, and the failure to compete effectively could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We compete with North American and, for many of our
product lines, global producers, some of which may have greater financial resources and lower production costs than we do. The principal basis for competition is selling price. Our ability to maintain satisfactory margins depends in large part on
our ability to control our costs. Our industries are also particularly sensitive to other factors including innovation, design, quality and service, with varying emphasis on these factors depending on the product line. To the extent that one or more
of our competitors become more successful with respect to any key competitive factor, our ability to attract and retain customers could be materially adversely affected. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete effectively and maintain
current levels of sales and profitability. If we are unable to compete effectively, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

AVAILABILITY OF RAW MATERIALS AND ENERGY 

Our business and operations could be materially adversely affected by
changes in the cost or availability of raw materials and energy. 

We rely heavily on certain raw materials (principally wood fiber and chemicals)
and energy sources (principally natural gas, electricity, coal and fuel oil) in our manufacturing processes. Our ability to increase earnings has been, and will continue to be, affected by changes in the costs and availability of such raw

materials and energy sources. We may not be able to fully offset the effects of higher raw material or energy costs through hedging arrangements, price increases, productivity improvements, or
cost-reduction programs. 

TRANSPORTATION 

We depend on third parties for transportation services and increases in costs and the availability of
transportation could materially adversely affect our business and operations. 

Our business depends on the transportation of a large number of
products, both domestically and internationally. We rely primarily on third parties for transportation of the products we manufacture and/or distribute as well as delivery of our raw materials. In particular, a significant portion of the goods we
manufacture and raw materials we use are transported by railroad or trucks, which are highly regulated. 

If any of our third-party transportation
providers were to fail to deliver the goods we manufacture or distribute in a timely manner, we may be unable to sell those products at full value—or at all. Similarly, if any of these providers were to fail to deliver raw materials to us in a
timely manner, we may be unable to manufacture our products in response to customer demand. In addition, if any of these third parties were to cease operations or cease doing business with us, we may be unable to replace them at reasonable cost.

Any failure of a third-party transportation provider to deliver raw materials or finished products in a timely manner could harm our reputation,
negatively affect our customer relationships and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation. 

In addition, an
increase in transportation rates or fuel surcharges could materially adversely affect our sales and profitability. 

MATERIAL DISRUPTION OF MANUFACTURING 

A material disruption at one of our manufacturing facilities could prevent us
from meeting customer demand, reduce our sales or negatively affect our results of operation and financial condition. 

Any of our manufacturing
facilities, or any of our machines within an otherwise operational facility, could cease operations unexpectedly due to a number of events, including: 

•

 unscheduled maintenance outages; 

•

 prolonged power failures; 

•

 an equipment failure; 

•

 a chemical spill or release; 

•

 explosion of a boiler; 

24   

Table of Contents

•

 the effect of a drought or reduced rainfall on its water supply; 

•

 labor difficulties; 

•

 disruptions in the transportation infrastructure, including roads, bridges, railroad tracks and tunnels; 

•

 fires, floods, windstorms, earthquakes, hurricanes or other catastrophes; 

•

 terrorism or threats of terrorism; 

•

 governmental regulations; and 

•

 other operational problems. 

Any such
downtime or facility damage could prevent us from meeting customer demand for our products and/or require us to make unplanned capital expenditures. If one of these machines or facilities were to incur significant downtime, our ability to meet our
production targets and satisfy customer requirements could be impaired, resulting in lower sales and income. 

CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS 

Our operations require substantial capital. 

Capital expenditures for expansion or replacement of existing facilities or equipment may be substantial. Although we maintain our production equipment with regular
periodic and scheduled maintenance, we cannot assure you that key pieces of equipment in our various production processes will not need to be repaired or replaced and major equipment may need to be replaced periodically. The costs of repairing or
replacing such equipment and the associated downtime of the affected production line could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Based on our current operations, we believe our cash flow from operations and other capital resources will be adequate to meet our operating needs, capital expenditures and other cash requirements for the
foreseeable future. If for any reason we are unable to provide for our operating needs, capital expenditures and other cash requirements on economic terms, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. 

ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS 

We could incur substantial costs as a result of compliance with, violations of or
liabilities under applicable environmental laws and regulations. 

We are subject to a wide range of general and industry-specific laws and
regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing: 

•

 air emissions; 

•

 wastewater discharges; 

•

 harvesting; 

•

 silvicultural activities; 

•

 the storage, management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes; 

•

 the cleanup of contaminated sites; 

•

 landfill operation and closure obligations; 

•

 forestry operations and endangered species habitat; and 

•

 health and safety matters. 

In
particular, the pulp and paper industry in the U.S. is subject to Cluster Rules and Boiler Maximum Achievable Control Technology Rules that further regulate effluent and air emissions. These laws and regulations will require us to obtain
authorizations from and comply with the authorization requirements of the appropriate governmental authorities, which have considerable discretion over the terms and timing of permits. 

We have incurred, and we expect to continue to incur, significant capital, operating and other expenditures complying with applicable environmental laws and regulations and as a result of remedial obligations.
We also could incur substantial costs, such as civil or criminal fines, sanctions and enforcement actions (including orders limiting our operations or requiring corrective measures, installation of pollution control equipment or other remedial
actions), cleanup and closure costs, and third-party claims for property damage and personal injury as a result of violations of, or liabilities under, environmental laws and regulations. 

As the owner and operator of real estate, we may be liable under environmental laws for cleanup, closure and other damages resulting from the presence and release of hazardous substances on or from our