We are subject to certain risks and events that, if one
or more of them occur, could adversely affect our business, our financial condition and results of operations and the trading price of our common stock. 

You should
consider the following risk factors, in addition to the other information presented in this report and the matters described in “Forward-Looking Statements”, as well as the other reports and registration statements we file from time to
time with the SEC, in evaluating us, our business and an investment in our securities. 

The risks below are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks not
currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may adversely affect our business. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR INDUSTRIES AND BUSINESS 

CYCLICAL INDUSTRIES 

The industries in which we operate are highly cyclical. Fluctuations in the prices of and the demand for our
products could result in smaller profit margins and lower sales volumes. 

Our businesses are highly cyclical. Historically, economic and market shifts,
fluctuations in capacity and changes in foreign currency exchange rates and mortgage interest rates have created cyclical changes in prices, sales volume and margins for our products. The length and magnitude of industry cycles have varied over time
and by product, but generally reflect changes in macroeconomic conditions and levels of industry capacity. 

Many of our products are commodities that are widely
available from other producers. Because commodity products have few distinguishing properties from producer to producer, competition for these products is based primarily on price, which is determined by supply relative to demand. 

The overall levels of demand for the products we manufacture and distribute, and consequently our sales and profitability, reflect fluctuations in levels of end-user demand, which
depend in part on general macroeconomic conditions in North America and worldwide and local economic conditions, as well as competition from substitute products. 

Changes in the following are some of the factors that may adversely affect our businesses and the results of operations: 

•

 industrial, non-durable goods production; 

•

 consumer spending; 

•

 commercial printing and advertising activity; 

•

 employment levels; 

•

 job growth; 

•

 population growth; 

•

 consumer confidence; 

•

 new home construction and repair and remodeling activity; 

•

 interest rates; and 

•

 currency exchange rates. 

Industry supply of pulp, paper, packaging and
wood products also is subject to fluctuation, as changing industry conditions may cause producers to idle or permanently close individual machines or entire mills. In addition, to avoid substantial cash costs in connection with idling or closing a
mill, some producers choose to continue to operate at a loss, which could prolong weak prices due to oversupply. Oversupply also may result from producers introducing new capacity in response to favorable short-term pricing trends. 

Industry supply of pulp, paper and containerboard also are influenced by overseas production capacity, which has grown in recent years and is expected to continue to grow. While
the weakness of the U.S. dollar has mitigated the levels of imports in recent years, imports of pulp, paper and containerboard from overseas may increase, resulting in lower prices. 

Prices for our products are affected by many factors outside of our control, and we will have little influence over the timing and extent of price changes, which are often volatile. Because market conditions beyond our control
determine the prices for our commodity products, the price for any one or more of these products may fall below our cash production costs, requiring us either to incur cash losses on product sales or cease production at one or more of our
manufacturing facilities. Our profitability with respect to these products depends on managing our cost structure, particularly raw material and energy costs, which represent significant components of our operating costs and can fluctuate based upon
factors beyond our control, as described below. If the prices of or demand for our products decline, or if our raw material or energy costs increase, or both, our sales and profitability could be materially and adversely affected. 

LONG-TERM DECLINE IN PAPER DEMAND 

Some of our products are vulnerable to long-term declines in demand due to competing technologies
or materials. 

Our paper business competes with electronic transmission and document storage alternatives, as well as with paper grades it does not produce, such
as uncoated groundwood. As a result of such competition, we have experienced decreased demand for some of our existing pulp and paper products. As the use of these alternatives grows, demand for pulp and paper products is likely to further decline.
Our corrugated packaging business competes with non-fiber based packaging alternatives, primarily plastics, in several market segments. Changes in prices for oil, petrochemicals and wood-based fiber can change the competitive position of corrugated
packaging relative to alternative packaging materials and could increase the substitution of other packaging materials for corrugated packaging. 

»

 17 

Table of Contents

CHANGES IN PRODUCT MIX OR PRICING 

Our results of operation and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by changes
in product mix or pricing. 

Our results may be affected by a change in our sales mix. Our outlook assumes a certain volume and product mix of sales. If actual
results vary from this projected volume and product mix of sales, our operations and our results could be negatively affected. Our outlook also assumes that we will be successful in implementing previously announced price increases as well as future
price increases. Also, delays in acceptance of price increases could negatively affect our results. Moreover, price discounting, if required to maintain our competitive position, could result in lower than anticipated price realizations. 

INTENSE COMPETITION 

We face intense competition in our markets, and the failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We compete with North American and, for many of our product lines, global producers, some
of which may have greater financial resources and lower production costs than we do. The principal basis for competition is selling price. Our ability to maintain satisfactory margins depends in large part on our ability to control our costs. Our
industries are also particularly sensitive to other factors including innovation, design, quality and service, with varying emphasis on these factors depending on the product line. To the extent that one or more of our competitors become more
successful with respect to any key competitive factor, our ability to attract and retain customers could be materially adversely affected. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete effectively and maintain current levels of sales and
profitability. If we are unable to compete effectively, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

AVAILABILITY OF RAW MATERIALS AND ENERGY 

Our business and operations could be materially adversely affected by changes in the cost
or availability of raw materials and energy. 

We rely heavily on certain raw materials (principally wood fiber and chemicals) and energy sources (principally
natural gas, electricity, coal and fuel oil) in our manufacturing processes. Our ability to increase earnings has been, and will continue to be, affected by changes in the costs and availability of such raw materials and energy sources. We may not
be able to fully offset the effects of higher raw material or energy costs through hedging arrangements, price increases, productivity improvements or cost reduction programs. 

TRANSPORTATION 

We depend on third parties for transportation services and increases in cost and the availability of transportation
could materially adversely affect our business and operations. 

Our business depends on the transportation of a large number of products, both domestically and
internationally. We rely primarily on third parties for transportation of the products we 
manufacture and/or distribute, as well as delivery of our raw materials. In particular, a significant portion of the goods
we manufacture and raw materials we use are transported by railroad or trucks, which are highly regulated. 

If any of our third-party transportation providers were to
fail to deliver the goods we manufacture or distribute in a timely manner, we may be unable to sell those products at full value, or at all. Similarly, if any of these providers were to fail to deliver raw materials to us in a timely manner, we may
be unable to manufacture our products in response to customer demand. In addition, if any of these third parties were to cease operations or cease doing business with us, we may be unable to replace them at reasonable cost. 

Any failure of a third-party transportation provider to deliver raw materials or finished products in a timely manner could harm our reputation, negatively impact our customer
relationships and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation. 

In addition, an increase in transportation rates or fuel
surcharges could materially adversely affect our sales and profitability. 

MATERIAL DISRUPTION OF MANUFACTURING 

A material disruption at one of our manufacturing facilities could prevent us from meeting
customer demand, reduce our sales and/or negatively impact our results of operation and financial condition. 

Any of our manufacturing facilities, or any of our
machines within an otherwise operational facility, could cease operations unexpectedly due to a number of events, including: 

•

 unscheduled maintenance outages; 

•

 prolonged power failures; 

•

 an equipment failure; 

•

 a chemical spill or release; 

•

 explosion of a boiler; 

•

 the effect of a drought or reduced rainfall on its water supply; 

•

 labor difficulties; 

•

 disruptions in the transportation infrastructure, including roads, bridges, railroad tracks and tunnels; 

•

 fires, floods, earthquakes, hurricanes or other catastrophes; 

•

 terrorism or threats of terrorism; 

•

 governmental regulations; and 

•

 other operational problems. 

Any such downtime or facility damage could
prevent us from meeting customer demand for our products and/or require us to make unplanned capital expenditures. If one of these machines or facilities were to incur significant downtime, our ability to meet our production targets and satisfy
customer requirements could be impaired, resulting in lower sales and income. 

CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS 

Our operations require substantial capital.

Capital expenditures for expansion or replacement of existing facilities or equipment may be substantial. Although we 

18 «

Table of Contents

maintain our production equipment with regular periodic and scheduled maintenance, we cannot assure you that key pieces of equipment in our various production
processes will not need to be repaired or replaced and major equipment may need to be replaced periodically. The costs of repairing or replacing such equipment and the associated downtime of the affected production line could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Based on our current operations, we believe our cash flow from operations and other capital
resources will be adequate to meet our operating needs, capital expenditures and other cash requirements for the foreseeable future. If for any reason we are unable to provide for our operating needs, capital expenditures and other cash requirements
on economic terms, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS 

We could incur substantial costs as a result of compliance with, violations of or liabilities
under applicable environmental laws and regulations. 

We are subject to a wide range of general and industry-specific laws and regulations relating to the
protection of the environment, including those governing: 

•

 air emissions; 

•

 wastewater discharges; 

•

 harvesting; 

•

 silvicultural activities; 

•

 the storage, management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes; 

•

 the cleanup of contaminated sites; 

•

 landfill operation and closure obligations; 

•

 forestry operations and endangered species habitat; and 

•

 health and safety matters. 

In particular, the pulp and paper industry in
the United States is subject to Cluster Rules and Boiler Maximum Achievable Control Technology Rules that further regulate effluent and air emissions. These laws and regulations will require us to obtain authorizations from and comply with the
authorization requirements of the appropriate governmental authorities, which have considerable discretion over the terms and timing of permits. 

We have incurred,
and we expect to continue to incur, significant capital, operating and other expenditures complying with applicable environmental laws and regulations and as a result of remedial obligations. We also could incur substantial costs, such as civil or
criminal fines, sanctions and enforcement actions (including orders limiting our operations or requiring corrective measures, installation of pollution control equipment or other remedial actions), cleanup and closure costs, and third-party claims
for property damage and personal injury as a result of violations of, or liabilities under, environmental laws and regulations. 

As the owner and operator of real
estate, we may be liable under environmental laws for cleanup, closure and other 
damages resulting from the presence and release of hazardous substances on or from our properties or operations. The amount and
timing of environmental expenditures is difficult to predict, and, in some cases, our liability may exceed forecasted amounts or the value of the property itself. The discovery of additional contamination or the imposition of additional cleanup
obligations at our sites or third-party sites may result in significant additional costs. Any material liability we incur could adversely affect our financial condition or preclude us from making capital expenditures that otherwise would benefit our
business. 

Enactment of new environmental laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations, or the interpretation of these laws or regulations, might
require significant expenditures. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are a party to a number of legal proceedings and adverse judgments in certain legal proceedings could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

The costs and other effects of pending litigation against us and related insurance recoveries cannot be
determined with certainty. Although the disclosure in “Legal Proceedings” and Note 16 of “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” contains management’s current views of the effect such litigation will have on our
financial results, there can be no assurance that the outcome of such proceedings will be as expected. 

For example, in 1999, the Equity Committee in the Paragon
Trade Brands, Inc. bankruptcy proceeding sued us. The lawsuit, filed in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Georgia, asserted that we breached certain warranties in agreements between us and Paragon relating to its public offering
of common stock in February 1993. The Committee was seeking to recover damages sustained by Paragon in the patent infringement case brought by Procter & Gamble and Kimberly-Clark. 

In June 2002, the Bankruptcy Court held us liable for breaches of warranty and – in the second quarter of 2005 – imposed damages of approximately $470 million. We
appealed the liability and damages determinations to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia, and we posted a bond of $500 million. We believe that we will prevail on the appeal. Based on the information currently available to
us, the requirements for establishing a reserve under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 5, Accounting for Contingencies (Statement 5) have not been met. As a result, we have not established a reserve for this litigation.
However, it is possible in the future that there could be a charge for all or a portion of any damage award. Any such charge could materially and adversely affect our results of operations for the quarter or the year in which we record it.

CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATES 

We will be affected by changes in currency exchange rates. 

We have manufacturing operations in Canada, Mexico, New Zealand, Australia, Uruguay, and Brazil, and we are also a large 

»

 19 

Table of Contents

exporter and, as a result, are affected by changes in currency exchange rates, particularly the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the Euro, the Yen, the Peso, the
Canadian dollar and the New Zealand dollar. 

LUMBER EXPORT TAXES 

We may be required to pay significant lumber export taxes and/or countervailing and antidumping duties.

We may experience reduced revenues and margins on our softwood lumber business as a result of lumber export taxes and/or countervailing and antidumping duty
applications. 

In April 2001, the Coalition for Fair Lumber Imports (the “Coalition”) filed two petitions with the U.S. Department of Commerce (the
“Department”) and the International Trade Commission (the “ITC”) claiming that production of softwood lumber in Canada was being subsidized by Canada and that imports from Canada were being “dumped” into the U.S. market
(sold at less than fair value). The Coalition asked that countervailing duty (“CVD”) and anti-dumping (“AD”) tariffs be imposed on softwood lumber imported from Canada. 

During the period from 2002 through October 2006, we paid a total of $370 million in deposits for CVD and AD duties. 

In July 2006, the Canadian and U.S. governments announced a final settlement to this long-standing dispute. The provisions of the settlement include repayment of approximately 81 percent of the deposits plus interest,
imposition of export measures in Canada, and measures to address long-term policy reform. The Canadian Parliament voted to collect the export taxes provided for in the settlement and legislation to implement the settlement became effective in
December 2006. We received $344 million in refunds in the fourth quarter of 2006. 

Under the settlement agreement, Canadian softwood lumber exporters will pay an
export tax when the price of lumber is at or below a threshold price. Under present market conditions, Canadian softwood lumber exports are subject to a 15 percent export charge, which may rise to 22.5 percent in the event a province exceeds its
total allotted export share. 

We may experience reduced revenues and margins in the softwood lumber business as a result of the application of the settlement
agreement. The settlement agreement could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial results and financial condition, including, but not limited to, facility closures or impairment of assets. 

It is possible that the CVD and AD tariffs, or tariffs similar to the CVD and AD tariffs, may again be imposed on us in the future. 

CHANGES IN CREDIT RATINGS 

Changes in credit ratings issued by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations could adversely
affect our cost of financing and have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. 

Credit rating agencies rate our debt securities on factors that
include our operating results, actions that we take, their view of 
the general outlook for our industry, and their view of the general outlook for the economy. Actions taken by the rating agencies can include
maintaining, upgrading, or downgrading the current rating, or placing the company on a watch list for possible future downgrading. Downgrading the credit rating of our debt securities or placing us on a watch list for possible future downgrading
would likely increase our cost of financing and have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. 

NATURAL DISASTERS 

Our business and operations could be adversely affected by weather, fire, infestation or natural disasters.

Our timberlands assets may be damaged by adverse weather, fires, pest infestation or other natural disasters. Because our manufacturing processes primarily use
wood fiber, in many cases from our own timberlands, in the event of material damage to our timberlands, our operations could be disrupted or our production costs could be increased. 

RISKS RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF OUR COMMON STOCK 

STOCK PRICE VOLATILITY 

The price of our common stock may be volatile. 

The market price of our common stock may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including those described above under “Risks Related to our
Industries and Business” and the following: 

•

 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results or our competitors’ operating results; 

•

 announcements by us or our competitors of new products, capacity changes, significant contracts, acquisitions or strategic investments; 

•

 our growth rate and our competitors’ growth rates; 

•

 the financial market and general economic conditions; 

•

 changes in stock market analyst recommendations regarding us, our competitors or the forest products industry generally, or lack of analyst coverage of our common stock;

•

 sales of our common stock by our executive officers, directors and significant stockholders or sales of substantial amounts of common stock; and 

•

 changes in accounting principles. 

In addition, there has been
significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of securities of companies operating in the forest products industry, which often has been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. 

Some companies that have had volatile market prices for their securities have had securities litigation brought against them. If litigation of this type is brought against us, it
could result in substantial costs and would divert management’s attention and resources. 

20 «

Table of Contents