Our future operating results may
differ materially from the results described or incorporated by reference in this report due to risks and uncertainties related to our business and our industry, including those discussed below. In addition, these factors represent risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements included or incorporated by reference into this report. We refer you to our “Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements,” on pages I-9 through I-11 of this report, which identifies some of the forward-looking statements included or incorporated by reference in this report. The risks described below are not the only risks we face.
Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Risks Associated with Product Pricing and Demand 

Government restrictions on pricing and reimbursement, including growing cost-containment, may negatively impact our net revenue and results. 

Sales of our pharmaceutical products both inside and outside the United States depend significantly on coverage and payment policies set by government
health care authorities. These government entities increasingly employ cost-containment programs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products, to limit patient access to and the
amounts these entities and patients pay for our products. The U.S. government, state legislatures and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing price controls and imposing additional restrictions on access to drugs.
Adoption of price controls and cost-containment measures in new jurisdictions or programs, and adoption of more restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could further limit our net revenue and results. In addition,
in the United States, federal legislation and other proposals have been introduced periodically that would increase the statutory minimum rebate under Medicaid from 15.1% to a higher amount, which could negatively impact our net revenue and results.

The Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 included a prescription drug benefit for individuals eligible for
Medicare. This benefit first went into effect on January 1, 2006. While public opinion polls indicate high levels of satisfaction among Medicare beneficiaries with the new benefit, the U.S. Congress has periodically considered legislation that
would amend this law and direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to negotiate drug prices in the Medicare prescription drug coverage program. Several candidates for U.S. President have expressed support for this type of government-driven
approach, which, if enacted into law, could have the effect of price controls and have a negative impact on our net revenue and results. Many of the presidential candidates also support universal health insurance programs. If enacted and
implemented, such programs could include a variety of provisions that could decrease net revenue and results from our prescription pharmaceutical products and decrease potential returns from our research and development initiatives. 

Payment for our products by managed care organizations and private insurers is becoming more restrictive, which may constrain our net revenue and
results. 

Managed care organizations and other private insurers frequently adopt their own payment or reimbursement reductions, and
consolidation among managed care organizations has increased the negotiating power of these 

I - 11 

entities. Private third-party payors, as well as governments, increasingly employ formularies to control costs by negotiating discounted prices in exchange
for inclusion in the formulary. In addition, private health insurance companies and employers that self-insure have been raising co-payments required from beneficiaries, particularly for branded pharmaceuticals and biotechnology products, requiring
prior authorization to use a branded product if a generic product is available or requiring that patients start with a generic product before switching to a branded product to encourage beneficiaries to utilize generic products. These actions may
have the effect of decreasing the usage and negatively impacting the pricing of our products. These entities may adopt increasingly restrictive payment and reimbursement policies, in which case our net revenue and results could be negatively
impacted. 

More extensive importation of products from other jurisdictions may negatively impact our net revenue and results.

In some markets outside the United States, our products are subject to competition from products originating from jurisdictions where
government price controls or other market dynamics, including insertion of counterfeit products in the supply of medicines, result in lower revenues and income. For example, the World Health Organization currently estimates that ten percent of
medications being sold globally are counterfeit. Counterfeit products not only negatively impact our sales but, more importantly, pose significant risks to consumers. In addition, despite the well-documented risks, it is possible that the U.S.
Congress could enact legislation allowing commercial-scale importation of drugs into the United States, which could negatively impact our net revenue and results. 

Data generated or analyzed after a product is approved may result in product withdrawal or decreased demand. 

As a condition to granting marketing approval of a product, the FDA may require a company to conduct additional clinical trials. The results generated in these Phase IV trials could result in loss of marketing approval, changes in product
labeling or new or increased concerns about side effects or efficacy of a product. On September 27, 2007, the FDAAA was enacted, giving the FDA enhanced post-market authority, including the explicit authority to require post-market studies and
clinical trials, labeling changes based on new safety information and compliance with FDA-approved risk evaluation and mitigation strategies. The FDA’s exercise of its new authority could result in delays or increased costs during product
development, clinical trials and regulatory review, increased costs to comply with new post-approval regulatory requirements and potential restrictions on sales of approved products. Foreign regulatory agencies often have similar authority and may
impose comparable costs. Post-marketing studies, whether conducted by us or by others and whether mandated by regulatory agencies or voluntary, and other emerging data about marketed products, such as adverse event reports, may also adversely affect
sales of our products. Further, the discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of our products that implicate (or are perceived to implicate) an entire class of products could have an adverse effect on sales of the affected
products. Accordingly, new data about our products, or products similar to our products, could negatively impact demand for our products due to real or perceived side-effects or uncertainty regarding efficacy and, in some cases, could result in
product withdrawal. For example, Amgen, our marketing partner for ENBREL in the United States, is in discussions with the FDA with respect to the class of tumor necrosis factor (TNF) inhibitor agents around several safety issues. Such
discussions may result in additional patient safety information in the form of a boxed warning that will apply to the 
ENBREL label as has been the case with other TNF inhibitor agents. 

Furthermore, new data and information, including information about product misuse, may lead government agencies, professional societies, practice
management groups or organizations involved in various diseases to publish guidelines or recommendations related to the use of our products, recommended dosages of our products or the use of related therapies or place restrictions on sales. Such
guidelines or recommendations may lead to lower sales of our products. For example, in 2007, our Consumer Healthcare business voluntarily withdrew our infant cough and cold products from the market, and an FDA joint advisory committee meeting
recommended that these products no longer be used in children under the age of six. In January 2008, the FDA issued a Public Health Advisory recommending against the use of over-the-counter (OTC) cough and cold products in children under two years
of age, and announcing that the FDA plans to issue recommendations in the 2008 second quarter with respect to the use of OTC cough and cold products in children two through 11 years of age. These recommendations could adversely impact sales of our
ROBITUSSIN and 
DIMETAPP family of products. In addition, in December 2007, an FDA advisory committee recommended additional studies of the efficacy and/or safety of the oral decongestant phenylephrine (PE), an ingredient used in
several 
ROBITUSSIN and 
DIMETAPP products, at certain doses. Depending on the FDA’s response to this recommendation, our 
ROBITUSSIN and 
DIMETAPP family of products could be adversely impacted. In addition, it is
possible that concerns about misuse will lead to new point-of-sale restrictions on dextromethorphan-containing products, such as our 
ROBITUSSIN products. 

I - 12 

If alternative or generic products are viewed as safer or more cost-effective than our products, our
net revenue and results will be negatively impacted. 

We face substantial competition from other products produced by pharmaceutical
companies and biotechnology companies, including generic alternatives to our products and competing branded products. If doctors, patients or third-party payors prefer these products, or if these products have better safety, efficacy, pricing or
reimbursement characteristics or are easier to administer, our net revenue and results could be negatively impacted. 

Our industry is
characterized by significant technological change. In addition, generic competitors are becoming more aggressive and generic products are an increasing percentage of overall pharmaceutical sales. The introduction of new competitive products or
generic alternatives to our products could negatively impact our net revenue and results. Many of our competitors are conducting research and development activities in indications served by our products and in areas for which we and our
collaboration partners are developing product candidates or new indications for existing products. Discoveries by others may make our products or product candidates less attractive. 

PROTONIX faces competition from other prescription proton pump inhibitors, including several generic products, and multiple over-the-counter
remedies. In late 2007, Teva launched a generic version of 
PROTONIX tablets, despite the existence of the unexpired U.S. compound patent we exclusively license from Nycomed (previously Altana). Following this “at risk” launch and
its resulting impact on the market, we launched our own generic version of 
PROTONIX tablets in January 2008. A second generic manufacturer, Sun, also launched a generic version of 
PROTONIX tablets in January 2008. See Note 14 to
our consolidated financial statements, Contingencies and Commitments, and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Our Challenging Business Environment” in our 2007 Financial Report
for a description of the status of our patent litigation with Teva and Sun regarding 
PROTONIX. Generic competition has negatively impacted, and is expected to continue to negatively impact, our revenue from 
PROTONIX significantly.

Our EFFEXOR family of products competes against another serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI), several selective
serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), and other antidepressant products. The increasing availability of generic versions of the active ingredient in several SSRIs and other antidepressant products puts competitive pressure on 
EFFEXOR
(immediate release tablets) and
 EFFEXOR XR (extended release capsules). Pursuant to the settlement agreement we entered into with Teva with respect to the U.S. patent litigation pertaining to Teva’s generic version of
 EFFEXOR
XR (extended release capsules), Teva launched a generic version of 
EFFEXOR (immediate release tablets) in the United States in August 2006 and will be permitted to launch a generic version of
 EFFEXOR XR (extended release capsules)
in the United States beginning on July 1, 2010, subject to earlier launch based on certain specified events. Events that could trigger an earlier U.S. market entry by Teva with generic versions of 
EFFEXOR XR (extended release
capsules) include specified market conditions and developments regarding the applicable Wyeth patents, including the outcome of other generic challenges to these patents. Six lawsuits concerning such generic challenges currently are pending. There
can be no assurance that the outcome of these litigations or the occurrence of specific market conditions will not trigger generic entry by Teva or another generic manufacturer before July 1, 2010. We estimate that approximately 96% of

EFFEXOR (immediate release tablets) prescriptions in the United States have been converted to Teva’s generic version since the August 2006 launch, and we cannot exclude the possibility that Teva’s introduction of a generic version
of 
EFFEXOR (immediate release tablets) in the United States could adversely impact our U.S. sales of 
EFFEXOR XR (extended release capsules), though we have not experienced any significant impact to date. 

In August 2007, we received notice that Sun had filed an ANDA with the FDA for a venlafaxine HCl extended release tablet product. We granted Sun a
covenant not to sue with respect to this potential tablet product. The impact of this ANDA on future sales of our EFFEXOR family of products is unclear due to uncertainty regarding if and when the FDA will approve the ANDA (which should not
be earlier than June 13, 2008). In early 2008, we reached a proposed settlement of our U.S. patent litigation with Osmotica Pharmaceutical Corp., which has filed an NDA pursuant to 21 U.S.C. 355(b)(2) seeking FDA approval to market an extended
release venlafaxine tablet. Under the terms of the proposed settlement, we would grant Osmotica a royalty-bearing license under certain patents. The effectiveness of the proposed settlement, which we have elected to submit to the FTC for review, is
subject to the court entering certain orders requested by the parties. In the event that Sun and/or Osmotica obtain FDA approval and successfully launch a venlafaxine extended release tablet, our sales of 
EFFEXOR XR (extended release
capsules) would be negatively impacted. 

I - 13 

In addition, pursuant to an agreement reached with Teva with respect to a generic version of EFFEXOR
XR (extended release capsules) in Canada, Teva launched a generic version of 
EFFEXOR XR (extended release capsules) in Canada in December 2006. Teva’s launch decreased our net sales significantly in that market, and we believe that
the recent entry of additional generic competition into the Canadian market will increase this decline. As a result of this additional generic competition, our royalty from Teva on its Canadian sales of generic extended release venlafaxine HCl
capsules has been suspended. 

Generic versions of EFFEXOR (immediate release tablets) and
 EFFEXOR XR (extended release
capsules) also have been introduced in select markets outside the United States and Canada. As generic competition intensifies globally and additional generic SSRIs, SNRIs and other antidepressant products enter markets, additional competitive
pressure will occur, and we expect lower sales of our
 EFFEXOR family of products. 

ENBREL faces competition from multiple
alternative therapies depending on the indication and faces potential competition from therapies under development. In the United States, while 
ENBREL continues to have a market leading position, it has experienced share loss to competitors.

ZOSYN has begun to face generic competition in Spain, Portugal, Greece, France and Switzerland, as well as in several markets
outside Europe, and may face generic competition in additional countries in the near future, including in Canada. Future sales of 
ZOSYN will be further negatively impacted in the event of generic competition in the United States and
additional major markets. In February 2007, compound patent protection for 
ZOSYN expired in the United States. Certain additional process and manufacturing patent protection remains. Our new formulation of 
ZOSYN was approved by the FDA
in 2005 and has additional patent protection extending until 2023. We believe that the timing and impact of generic competition for 
ZOSYN in the United States will depend, among other factors, upon the timing and nature of the FDA’s
response to the citizen petitions filed by Wyeth and third parties regarding 
ZOSYN, which are discussed in greater detail in Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements, Contingencies and Commitments, in our 2007 Financial Report.
However, generic competition for 
ZOSYN in the United States could occur at any time and likely would have a significant adverse impact on our sales of the product. 

Our conjugated estrogens products, including PREMARIN and
 PREMPRO, may be subject to generic competition, as
 PREMARIN’s natural composition is not subject to patent protection, and we may
depend on trade secret and other non-patent rights to protect against alternative products being introduced. Certain competitors may be conducting research and development activities in competing estrogen and other products targeted for

PREMARIN’s approved indications. 

We have a 13-valent pneumococcal vaccine under development in Phase 3 clinical trials, and
GlaxoSmithKline plc recently filed for regulatory approval in the EU for a ten-valent pneumococcal vaccine, each of which, if approved, would compete with PREVNAR. 

TYGACIL, which was approved in June 2005 for treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections and complicated intra-abdominal infections, faces competition from a number of I.V.
antibiotics approved for these indications, as well as several others that are used off-label. Approvals of new products for complicated skin and skin structure infections that may compete with 
TYGACIL are anticipated in the next
few years. 

TORISEL, which was approved in 2007 for use in the treatment of patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma, faces
competition from biologics approved for this indication as well as several oncology products that are used off-label. 

The above examples
are illustrative. Many of our products face competition from competitive products claiming better safety and/or efficacy profiles or cost-effectiveness than our products. Similarly, many of our products under development, if approved for marketing
by regulatory authorities, will face competition from established products. In particular, we note that, if approved, PRISTIQ will face competition from our 
EFFEXOR family of products and other marketed antidepressants. 

In addition, we may pursue licensing arrangements, strategic alliances or acquisitions to expand our product pipeline, and we compete with other
pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for these strategic opportunities. If we are unable to identify or consummate these types of transactions, our business and growth prospects may be negatively impacted. 

Our biotechnology products, including ENBREL and PREVNAR, may face competition from follow-on biologics. 

Government regulation may, in the future, allow more permissive approval regimes for follow-on biologics (also referred to as “biosimilars” or
“generic biologics”). While no specific abbreviated legal pathway for these approvals currently exists in the United States, the U.S. Congress is considering legislation that would establish such a pathway, and the FDA has approved a
follow-on biologic product (recombinant human growth hormone) that referenced a biotechnology product approved under the U.S. Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. In Europe, regulatory authorities have taken significant steps toward creating such a
pathway. The European Commission has granted marketing authorizations for several follow-on biologics pursuant to a set of general and product class-specific 

I - 14 

guidelines for biosimilar approvals issued over the past few years. If competitors are able to obtain marketing approval for follow-on biologics referencing
our biotechnology products, our biotechnology products may become subject to follow-on biologic competition, with the attendant competitive pressure. Expiration or successful challenge of applicable patent rights could generally trigger this
competition, and we expect that we could face more litigation with respect to the validity and/or scope of patents relating to our biotechnology products with substantial revenue. 

Risks Associated with Product and Customer Concentration 

Strong performance from our principal products and our anticipated new product introductions will be necessary to meet our financial goals. 

Over the next few years, our financial performance will depend substantially on the performance of our seven product lines that achieved billion or
multi-billion dollar revenue status in 2007, EFFEXOR/EFFEXOR XR, 
PREVNAR, 
ENBREL, 
PROTONIX, our Wyeth Nutrition product line, 
ZOSYN/TAZOCIN and our 
PREMARIN family of products, particularly our ability to
continue to significantly grow our net revenue from 
ENBREL and 
PREVNAR. Our ability to achieve strong performance with these and our other principal products, including 
TYGACIL,
 TORISEL
 and 
BENEFIX, and our
ability to achieve our goals for the new products and new product indications that we anticipate launching over the next few years, will depend on a number of factors, including: 

•

 The patent protection applicable to each product and the introduction of any generic competition, including the impact of generic competition for
PROTONIX,
 our 
EFFEXOR family of products and
 ZOSYN/TAZOCIN, which could significantly impact our revenue from these products; 

•

 Acceptance by doctors and patients of our products; 

•

 Availability of competing treatments that are deemed safer or more efficacious, more convenient to use or more cost-effective than our products;

•

 Our ability, and the ability of our collaboration partners, to efficiently manufacture sufficient quantities of our products to meet demand and to do so in a
cost-efficient manner; 

•

 Regulation by the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities of our products and our manufacturing operations; 

•

 The scope of the labeling approved by regulatory authorities for our products and competitive products; 

•

 New data on the safety and efficacy of our products and competitive products; 

•

 The effectiveness of our sales force; 

•

 The extent of coverage, pricing, and level of reimbursement from government agencies and other third-party payors for our products; and

•

 The size of the patient population for our products. 

Several of our products are expected to be subject to generic competition over the next several years, and if we are unable to mitigate the loss of revenue and income from these products with revenues from new
products in development and through licensing arrangements, strategic alliances or acquisitions, our net revenue and results of operations will be adversely affected. 

Several of our billion or multi-billion dollar products are expected to lose patent protection in the next several years, including our EFFEXOR family of products and 
PROTONIX. In addition, compound
patent protection for 
ZOSYN expired in the United States in February 2007, and generic competition for 
PROTONIX emerged in late 2007 despite the existence of compound patent protection. Our net revenue and results of
operations will be adversely affected if we are unable to generate revenue and income from alternate products, either developed internally through research and development or acquired through licensing arrangements, strategic alliances and/or
acquisitions, to mitigate our loss of revenue and income as these products experience generic competition. Research and development of pharmaceutical product candidates involves significant cost and many uncertainties, and it is possible that we
will not be able to obtain regulatory approval for, or successfully commercialize, new products that will generate sufficient revenues to mitigate this loss of revenue and income. In addition, there is heavy competition for promising licensing,
strategic and acquisition opportunities, and we might be unable to identify and/or compete for external product candidates or companies. 

I - 15 

We make significant investments in assets that may become impaired as a result of patent expirations/
generic competition or as a result of our failure to obtain regulatory approval or market acceptance of new products, process changes and/or reformulations. 

As part of our business, we have made and will continue to make significant investments in assets, including inventory, plant and equipment, which relate to potential new products and potential changes in
manufacturing processes or reformulations of existing products. Our ability to realize value on these investments is contingent on, among other things, regulatory approval and market acceptance of these new products, process changes and
reformulations. In addition, as noted above, several of our principal products are nearing the end of their compound patent terms. If we are unable to find alternative uses for the assets supporting these products, these assets will need to be
evaluated for impairment and/or we may need to incur additional costs to convert these assets to an alternate use. Earlier than anticipated generic competition for these products also may result in excess inventory and associated charges.

Because a few large wholesale distributors account for a significant portion of our net revenue, any financial or other difficulties of
our wholesale distributors could negatively impact our results of operations. 

In 2007, our largest wholesale distributor accounted for
approximately 13% of our net revenue, and our top three wholesale distributors accounted for approximately 32% of our net revenue. If one of our significant wholesale distributors encounters financial or other difficulties, we may be unable to
collect all the amounts that customer owes to us and may be unable to collect any such amounts on a timely basis, which could negatively impact our results of operations. 

Risks Associated with Legal Liabilities 

We may be required to pay substantial damages for
product liability claims. 

Like all pharmaceutical companies in the current legal environment, we face potential product liability
claims for products we have sold and for products we may sell in the future. Product liability claims, regardless of their merits or their ultimate outcomes, are costly, divert management’s attention and may adversely affect our reputation and
demand for our products and may result in significant damages. We have been sued in the past when patients using our products experience adverse and undesirable health conditions, regardless of any connection between those conditions and our
products. We cannot predict with certainty the eventual outcome of pending or future product liability litigation matters and the ultimate outcome of such matters could be material to our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

We have taken charges totaling $21,100.0 million in connection with product liability legal actions relating to the diet drugs
PONDIMIN and
 REDUX. While we believe that our current reserve is adequate and represents management’s best estimate, within a range of outcomes, of the aggregate amount required to cover diet drug litigation costs, including payments
in connection with the nationwide settlement, opt outs from the nationwide settlement and primary pulmonary hypertension (PPH) claims, and including our legal fees related to the diet drug litigation, it is possible that additional reserves may be
required in the future. 

In addition, we have been involved in various other legal proceedings involving allegations of injuries caused by
our pharmaceutical products. These include individual lawsuits and putative class actions in state and federal courts in the United States and foreign jurisdictions involving allegations of injuries caused by PREMPRO or 
PREMARIN, two
of our hormone therapy products. Of the 27 hormone therapy cases alleging breast cancer that have been resolved after being set for trial, 22 have now been resolved in our favor (by voluntary dismissal by the plaintiffs, summary judgment, defense
verdict or judgment for us notwithstanding the verdict), several of which are being appealed by the plaintiff. Of the remaining five cases, two such cases have been settled, one resulted in a plaintiffs’ verdict that was vacated by the court
and a new trial ordered (which plaintiffs have appealed), and two resulted in plaintiffs’ verdicts that we plan to appeal. Additional cases have been voluntarily dismissed by plaintiffs before a trial setting. Trials of additional hormone
therapy cases also are scheduled throughout 2008. We also face putative class action lawsuits from users of 
PREMPRO or 
PREMARIN seeking medical monitoring and purchase price refunds, as well as other damages. While most of these
putative class actions have been dismissed or withdrawn, a motion for class certification was recently denied without prejudice in a California statewide refund class action and a hearing in a similar case in West Virginia is set for later this
year. Other of our pharmaceutical products, vaccines and over-the-counter products that are involved in product liability litigation include, without limitation, the prior formulations of certain childhood vaccines and of
 DIMETAPP and

ROBITUSSIN,
 and our 
EFFEXOR family of products. If the outcomes of any or all of these proceedings are unfavorable to us, it is possible that we may take future charges with respect to these matters, which may be significant.
Please refer to Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements, Contingencies and Commitments, in our 2007 Financial Report for descriptions of these matters and other significant pending product liability litigation. 

I - 16 

Adverse outcomes in other legal matters could negatively impact our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

Our financial condition could be negatively impacted by unfavorable results in other pending litigation
matters, including those described in Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements, Contingencies and Commitments, in our 2007 Financial Report, or in lawsuits that may be initiated in the future. These matters include, among other things,
intellectual property lawsuits, securities litigation, breach of contract claims, tort claims, and allegations of violations of U.S. and foreign pharmaceutical pricing or marketing, competition and environmental laws, any of which, if adversely
decided, could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If we fail to comply with the numerous and
varied legal and regulatory requirements governing the health care industry, we may face substantial fines, other costs and restrictions on our business activities. 

Our activities relating to the sale and marketing of our products are subject to extensive regulation under the U.S. Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the U.S. Public Health Service Act, the U.S. Deficit Reduction
Act of 2005, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other federal and state statutes, including anti-kickback and false claims laws, as well as similar laws in foreign jurisdictions. For example, our Nutrition business, which has significant
operations in the Asia/Pacific region, is subject to a variety of foreign laws relating to sales and promotional practices. Violations of these regulations and laws may be punishable by criminal and civil sanctions, including substantial fines, as
well as, in the United States, possible exclusion from federal and state health care programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. In addition, plaintiffs both in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions are increasingly bringing actions against
international pharmaceutical companies for alleged violations of U.S. and foreign anti-trust laws and laws regarding drug sales and marketing activities. 

The U.S. government, state governments and private payors are investigating pricing practices of numerous pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies, and many have filed actions alleging that inaccurate
reporting of prices has improperly inflated reimbursement rates. A number of these actions have been brought against us. Please see Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements, Contingencies and Commitments, in our 2007 Financial Report for a
discussion of these investigations and lawsuits. In addition, government agencies have requested documents from us relating to pricing and rebate issues, including without limitation the United States Attorney’s Office for the District of
Massachusetts with respect to PROTONIX. 

Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, these types of investigations and related
litigation can result in: 

•

 Diversion of management time and attention; 

•

 Expenditure of large amounts of cash on legal fees, costs, and payment of damages; 

•

 Limitations on our ability to continue some of our operations; 

•

 Decreased demand for our products; and 

•

 Injury to our reputation. 

We may
be subject to loss of permits and face substantial fines and clean-up costs in connection with our use of hazardous materials, which could adversely impact our operations and financial condition. 

We use certain hazardous materials in connection with our research and manufacturing activities. We have in the past been, and may in the future be,
notified of our potential responsibility relating to the generation, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous waste. This may result in loss of permits, fines or penalties, and other adverse governmental or private actions. In addition, we have
been advised in the past, and may be advised in the future, that we may be a responsible party for several sites on the National Priority List created by the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, commonly known as the
Superfund. Please read the discussion of significant pending environmental matters in Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements, Other Noncurrent Liabilities, and in Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements, Contingencies and
Commitments, in our 2007 Financial Report. Payment of substantial fines, penalties or environmental remediation costs, or the loss of permits or other authorizations to operate affected facilities, could adversely impact our operations and financial
condition. 

Risks Associated with Intellectual Property 

If our intellectual property rights are challenged or circumvented, competitors may be able to take advantage of our research and development efforts.

Our long-term success largely depends on our ability to market technologically competitive products. If we fail to obtain and maintain
adequate intellectual property protection, we may not be able to prevent third parties 

I - 17 

from using our proprietary technologies. Our currently pending or future patent applications and/or extensions may not result in issued patents or be
approved on a timely basis or at all. In addition, our issued patents may not contain claims sufficiently broad to protect us against third parties with similar technologies or products or provide us with any competitive advantage. The scope of our
patent claims also may vary between countries, as individual countries have their own patent laws. For example, some countries only permit the issuance of patents covering methods of making a drug compound, not the chemical compound itself. Our
ability to enforce our patents also depends on the laws of individual countries and each country’s practice with respect to enforcement of intellectual property rights. 

Mechanisms exist in much of the world permitting some form of challenge by generic manufacturers to our patents prior to or immediately following the
expiration of any regulatory exclusivity. In the United States, under the Hatch-Waxman Act, New Chemical Entities (NCE) receive five (5) years of regulatory exclusivity and generic manufacturers can challenge our patents as soon as four
(4) years following FDA approval of an NDA. Products that are not subject to NCE exclusivity may receive three (3) years of regulatory exclusivity, but our patents may be challenged immediately following FDA approval. Patents for
PROTONIX,
 EFFEXOR XR (extended release capsules) and 
LYBREL are currently subject to, and may be subject in the future to, such challenges in the United States or elsewhere. If a third-party successfully challenges patents we
rely upon, a court could determine that the patents are invalid or unenforceable or limit the scope of coverage of those patents, potentially reducing our revenue from the related products. 

In many countries, as a patent owner, we must seek a preliminary injunction or similar legal device to avoid premature generic market entry. In
circumstances where a preliminary injunction is issued, but the asserted patents are held invalid or not infringed, we may be liable for the generic manufacturer’s lost profits. In some circumstances, where no preliminary injunction is
available, we may be limited to an action for damages and perhaps a permanent injunction. In such cases, the generic may enter the market and money damages may be inadequate to compensate us for our losses. For example, we were recently denied a
preliminary injunction against Teva and Sun seeking to prevent the “at risk” launch of generic versions of PROTONIX following the expiration of the 30-month stay under Hatch-Waxman. These generic manufacturers subsequently launched
generic versions of 
PROTONIX, and there is no assurance that we will recover monetary damages that compensate us for our losses. In other situations, generic manufacturers may be able to design around certain of our patents. 

When our patent rights expire, previously protected products may become subject to competition from generic versions, which may lower our net revenue.

Our patent protection for our products is limited by the applicable terms of our patents. Following expiration of patents covering our
products, other entities may be able to obtain approval to manufacture and market generic alternatives, which we expect would result in lower net revenue. For example, our EFFEXOR family of products and 
ZOSYN (
TAZOCIN
internationally) have begun to experience generic competition in several markets and may face generic competition in additional markets in the near future. 

We may incur substantial costs in litigation or other proceedings involving intellectual property rights and the results of such litigation or proceedings may reduce our net revenue. 

A third-party may sue us or one of our collaboration partners, alleging infringement of the third-party’s patents or other intellectual property
rights. Likewise, one of our collaboration partners or we may sue to enforce intellectual property rights or to determine the scope and validity of third-party proprietary rights. If we do not prevail in this type of litigation, we or our strategic
collaboration partners may be required to: 

•

 Pay monetary damages; 

•

 Stop commercial activities relating to the affected products; 

•

 Obtain a license in order to continue manufacturing or marketing the affected products; or 

•

 Compete in the market with substantially similar products. 

I - 18 

Risks Associated with Development and Marketing of New Drugs 

The development of novel pharmaceuticals, biologics and vaccines involves a lengthy and complex process, and we may be unable to commercialize, or may
be delayed in commercializing, any of our product candidates currently under development. 

We have multiple product candidates in
development and devote considerable resources to research and development activities, including clinical trials. These activities involve a high degree of risk and take many years, and there can be no guarantee that the development of any particular
product candidate or new indication for an existing product will be approved by regulators and lead to a commercial product. The length of time that it takes to complete clinical trials and obtain regulatory approval, if at all, for a product
candidate or new indication has in the past varied and we expect similar variability in the future. 

We finished 2007 with three key
potential new products under review by the FDA, as follows: PRISTIQ, for the treatment of major depressive disorder and vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause; 
RELISTOR (methylnaltrexone), for the treatment of opioid-induced
constipation in patients receiving palliative care; and 
VIVIANT, for prevention and treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis, as well as several new products and product indications under review in the EU and other countries. Our product
development or commercialization efforts with respect to any product candidate may fail or be delayed, and we may be unable to commercialize it or may be delayed in commercializing it, for multiple reasons, including: 

•

 Failure of the product candidate in preclinical studies; 

•

 Difficulty enrolling patients in clinical trials; 

•

 Delays in completing formulation and other testing and work that is necessary to support an application for regulatory approval; 

•

 Adverse reactions to the product candidate or indications of other safety concerns; 

•

 Insufficient clinical trial data to support the safety and/or effectiveness of the product candidate; 

•

 Our inability to manufacture sufficient quantities of the product candidate for development or commercialization activities in a timely and cost-efficient manner;
and 

•

 Our failure to obtain, or our experiencing delays in obtaining, the required regulatory approvals for the product candidate or the facilities in which it is
manufactured. 

Notably, clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations and, even when we view data as
sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate or a new indication for an existing product, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether. For example,
the current regulatory environment makes it increasingly difficult to obtain approval for product candidates where there are already existing approved products for the same indications that have longer-term safety and efficacy data available.

For these and other reasons, the process for seeking approvals for our product candidates, both in the United States and internationally,
is characterized by significant regulatory interaction and timing uncertainty. For example, with each of VIVIANT for the prevention indication and
 PRISTIQ for the treatment of vasomotor symptoms, the FDA has issued approvable letters
requesting additional data and/or analysis with respect to safety and/or efficacy issues. For these and our other product candidates, we are unable to predict with certainty what issues the FDA and other regulators may raise during the review
process and whether we will be able to adequately address them. Similarly, we cannot precisely project the length of time that will be necessary to compile additional data and analysis requested by regulatory agencies during the review process or
predict with certainty whether our submissions will be deemed sufficient or, instead, result in additional requests. 

Regulatory authorities
in different countries often apply differing standards for the approval of product candidates and/or new indications for existing products, meaning that approval of a particular product candidate or new indication in one country may not be
predictive of approval in other countries. For example, if PRISTIQ is approved for the treatment of major depressive disorder in the United States, there can be no assurance that it will be approved in other countries or for other indications
(including treatment of vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause) in the future. 

From time to time, we may predict potential dates for
the submission of applications for regulatory approval of our product candidates or new indications and potential dates for other key development or regulatory milestones, any of which we may not meet for these same reasons. 

The development and commercialization of novel drugs requires significant expenditures with a low probability of success. 

Successful development and commercialization of new pharmaceuticals, vaccines and biotechnology products is expensive and inherently uncertain. Conducting
late-stage clinical trials, like our global Phase 3 program for 

I - 19 

our 13-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine and the Elan Corp. (Elan)-Wyeth global Phase 3 clinical program for bapineuzumab, is particularly costly. If our
clinical trials are not successful, we will not recover our substantial investments in the related product candidate. Even where our clinical trials are sufficient to obtain product approval, we may not be able to achieve our anticipated product
labeling and profile, which could adversely impact the commercial success of the product. The substantial funds we spend developing new products depress near-term profitability with no assurance that the expenditures will generate future profits.

If our strategic alliances are unsuccessful, our operating results will be negatively impacted. 

Several of our strategic initiatives involve alliances with other companies, including our collaborations with: 

•

 Amgen on ENBREL; 

•

 Nycomed on PROTONIX; 

•

 Johnson & Johnson to which we supply sirolimus, the active ingredient in RAPAMUNE, to coat the
 CYPHER stent; 

•

 Medtronic Sofamor Danek, Inc. on rhBMP-2; 

•

 Progenics on the development of RELISTOR (methylnaltrexone) for the treatment of opioid-induced side effects and post-operative ileus;

•

 Trubion on the development of TRU-015 for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and certain other therapies; and 

•

 Elan on the development of amyloid immunotherapies to address Alzheimer’s disease. 

The success of these and similar arrangements depends not only on our contributions and capabilities, but also on the technology and other intellectual
property contributed by our partners and their resources, efforts and skills. If these and similar arrangements are unsuccessful, our operating results will be negatively impacted. For example, as a result of a recent decision of the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the Federal Circuit invalidating the enantiomer patent for ALTACE, we expect our future alliance revenue from 
ALTACE to be adversely impacted by generic competition for the product. In addition, alliance revenue has been
adversely impacted by declining sales of the 
CYPHER coronary stent marketed by Johnson & Johnson. Disputes and difficulties in such relationships are common, often due to conflicting priorities or conflicts of interest. The benefits
of these alliances would be reduced or eliminated if strategic partners: 

•

 Terminate or breach the agreements; 

•

 Fail to devote sufficient financial or other resources to the alliances; or 

•

 Suffer negative outcomes in intellectual property disputes. 

Under many of our strategic alliances we make milestone payments well in advance of commercialization of products, with no assurance that we will ever recoup those payments. For example, in late February 2008, we and
our partner Solvay Pharmaceuticals terminated our collaboration agreements for the development and North American promotion of bifeprunox for schizophrenia. There can be no guarantee that any particular strategic alliance will be successful and
result in a commercial product. 

Risks Associated with Manufacturing our Products 

Manufacturing problems may cause product launch delays, inventory shortages, recalls and unanticipated costs. 

In order to sell our products, we must be able to produce sufficient quantities. Many of our products are difficult to manufacture, including
PREVNAR and
 ENBREL, and/or are sole sourced from certain manufacturing facilities. Minor deviations in our manufacturing processes could result in unacceptable changes in the products that result in lot failures, which may result in
launch delays, inventory shortages, unanticipated costs, product recalls, product liability and/or regulatory action. In addition, a number of factors could cause production interruptions at our facilities or the facilities of our third-party
providers, including equipment malfunctions, labor problems, natural disasters, regulatory action, power outages or terrorist activities. These interruptions could result in launch delays, inventory shortages, unanticipated costs and issues with our
agreements under which we supply third parties. 

I - 20 

We have spent considerable resources constructing and seeking regulatory approvals for manufacturing
facilities. There can be no assurance that these facilities will prove sufficient to meet demand for our products or that we will not have excess capacity at these sites. In addition, building facilities is expensive, and our ability to recover
these costs will depend on increased net revenue from the products produced at the sites, which is uncertain. 

Our manufacturing
operations are subject to extensive government regulation. 

Regulatory authorities must approve the facilities in which our health care
products are produced. Any third-party we use to manufacture, fill-finish or package our products also must be licensed by applicable regulatory authorities. As a result, substitute third-party providers may not be readily available on a timely
basis in the event our or our third-party manufacturers’ manufacturing facilities are not approved or are unable to comply with applicable regulations. Manufacturing facilities are subject to ongoing inspections by regulatory authorities that
may result in regulatory action. In addition, minor changes in manufacturing processes may require additional regulatory approvals. Either of these situations could cause us to incur significant additional costs and lose revenue. 

In the event that a regulatory authority objects to practices or conditions at any of our or our third-party manufacturers’ manufacturing facilities,
such facility could be subject to adverse regulatory actions. These possible regulatory actions could include, among others, warning letters, fines, injunctions and recalls, which could result in, among other things, a total or partial shutdown of
production in one or more of the manufacturing facilities; the inability to obtain future pre-market clearances or approvals; and withdrawals or suspensions of current products from the market. Any of these events, in combination or alone, could
disrupt our business and negatively impact our revenues and financial condition. 

We rely on third parties to provide us with materials
and services in connection with the manufacturing of our products and, in some instances, for the manufacture of entire products. 

Unaffiliated third-party suppliers provide some materials necessary for commercial production of our products, including specialty chemicals, commodities and components necessary for manufacture, fill-finish and packaging, and, in some
instances, such as in the case of REFACTO, for the manufacture of entire products. For example, we have sole source suppliers for materials used in
 PREVNAR, 
ENBREL, 
BENEFIX,
 RAPAMUNE,
 ZOSYN, 
TYGACIL
and oral contraceptives. We may be unable to manufacture our products in a timely manner, or at all, if any of our third-party suppliers cease or interrupt production or otherwise fail to supply us or if the supply agreements are suspended or
terminated, which could constrain sales of these products. 

Commodities such as milk, which is used in large quantities by our Nutrition
business and has recently been subject to sharp price increases, often experience price volatility caused by conditions outside of our control, including fluctuations in commodities markets, currency fluctuations and changes in governmental
programs. Rising milk prices have had, and are expected to continue to have, an adverse effect on our margins from this business. 

Risks Associated with Operations 

Our international sales and operations are subject to the economic, political,
legal and business environments of the countries in which we do business, and our failure to operate successfully or adapt to changes in these environments could cause our international sales and operations to be limited or disrupted, and the value
of our foreign direct investments may be diminished. 

Our international operations could be limited or disrupted, and the value of our
foreign direct investments may be diminished, by any of the following: 

•

 Fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 

•

 The imposition of governmental controls; 

•

 Import and export license requirements; 

•

 Political instability; 

•

 Difficulties enforcing contractual and intellectual property rights; 

•

 Changes in laws, regulations or enforcement practices with respect to our business, including without limitation laws relating to reimbursement, competition,
pricing and sales and marketing of our products; 

•

 Terrorist activities and armed conflicts; 

I - 21 

•

 Trade restrictions and restrictions on direct investments by foreign entities; 

•

 Changes in tax laws and tariffs; 

•

 Costs and difficulties in staffing, managing and monitoring international operations; and 

•

 Longer payment cycles. 

We conduct a
substantial portion of our business in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. While we attempt to hedge certain currency risks, currency fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and the currencies in which we do business have caused foreign currency
transaction gains and losses in the past and will likely do so in the future. Likewise past currency fluctuations have at times resulted in foreign currency transaction gains, and there can be no assurance that these gains can be reproduced.

The multinational nature of our business subjects us to potential risks that various taxing authorities may challenge the pricing of our
cross border arrangements. While we believe that our pricing methodology is in accordance with applicable laws, taxing authorities may disagree and subject us to additional tax, adversely impacting our effective tax rate and our tax liability. For
example, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has begun its audit of our tax returns for the 2002-2005 tax years. As part of this audit, the IRS is examining the pricing of our cross-border arrangements. While we believe that the pricing of these
arrangements is appropriate and that our reserves are adequate with respect to such pricing, it is possible that the IRS will propose adjustments in excess of such reserves and that conclusion of the audit will result in adjustments in excess of
such reserves. An unfavorable resolution for open tax years could have a material effect on our results of operations or cash flows in the period in which an adjustment is recorded and in future periods. We believe that an unfavorable resolution for
open tax years would not be material to our financial position; however, each year we record significant tax benefits with respect to our cross-border arrangements, and the possibility of a resolution that is material to our financial position
cannot be excluded. 

We rely on third parties to provide us with services in connection with the administration of our business. 

We outsource a number of processing and administrative functions to unaffiliated third parties. For example, as part of our productivity
initiatives, we entered into a master services agreement with Accenture LLP (Accenture) in July 2006 under which Accenture provides us with transactional processing and administrative support services over a broad range of areas, including
informational services, finance and accounting, human resources and procurement functions. Certain of the functions originally contracted for by us as part of the outsourcing initiative with Accenture have been subsequently retained by us. There can
be no assurance that further transition of functions to Accenture will be successful or that we will not encounter difficulties during the remainder of the transition process. Services provided by third parties as a part of outsourcing initiatives
could be interrupted as a result of many factors, such as force majeure events or contract disputes, and any failure by these third parties to provide us with these services on a timely basis or at all could result in a disruption of our business.

Increases in costs of pension benefits and current and post-retirement medical and other employee health and welfare benefits may
reduce our profitability. 

With more than 50,000 employees, our profitability is substantially affected by costs of pension benefits and
current and post-retirement medical and other employee health and welfare benefits. These costs can vary substantially as a result of changes in health care costs, volatility in investment returns on pension plan assets and changes in discount rates
used to calculate related liabilities. These factors may put upward pressure on the cost of providing pensions and medical benefits. We can provide no assurance that we will succeed in limiting future cost increases, and upward pressure may reduce
our profitability. 

Our indebtedness could adversely affect our operations. 

As of December 31, 2007, we had $11,492.9 million of long-term debt. 

Our indebtedness: 

•

 Requires us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to debt service; 

•

 Imposes certain restrictions on our business activities; and 

•

 May place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt. 

I - 22 

Changes in interest rates could adversely affect our results of operations. 

As of December 31, 2007 we had marketable securities of $2,993.8 million, which are impacted by fluctuations in interest rates. Additionally, within
marketable securities are investments that are subject to changes in fair value as a result of other market factors, such as the recent turmoil in the housing and credit markets. Further, as noted above, we had long-term debt at December 31,
2007 of $11,492.9 million. Some of our interest payments on our debt are also subject to fluctuations in interest rates, including our use of interest rate swaps (see Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements, Debt and Financing Arrangements,
in our 2007 Financial Report). Accordingly, fluctuations in interest rates may adversely affect our results.