You should carefully consider the following factors
regarding information included in this Annual Report. The risks and
uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks
and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem
immaterial also may impair our business operations. If any of the following
risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and operating results
could be materially adversely affected.

IF WE ARE UNABLE TO DEVELOP COMMERCIALLY SUCCESSFUL
PRODUCTS, INCLUDING OUR MEDPULSER

® ELECTROPORATION SYSTEM IN VARIOUS MARKETS FOR
MULTIPLE INDICATIONS, PARTICULARLY FOR THE TREATMENT OF H&N CANCER, OUR
BUSINESS WILL BE HARMED AND WE MAY BE FORCED TO CURTAIL OR CEASE
OPERATIONS.

Our ability to achieve and sustain operating
profitability depends on our ability to successfully commercialize our
MedPulser
® Electroporation System in various markets for
use in treating solid tumors, particularly for the treatment of H&N cancer,
and other indications, which depends in large part on our ability to commence,
execute and complete clinical programs and obtain regulatory approvals for our
MedPulser
® Electroporation System. In particular, our
ability to achieve and sustain profitability will depend in large part on our
ability to commercialize our MedPulser
® Electroporation System for the treatment of
H&N cancer in Europe and the United States. While we have achieved CE Mark,
which applies to Europe for our MedPulser
® Electroporation
System for use in treating solid tumors; the products related to the CE Mark
have not yet been commercialized. We have not yet received any regulatory
approvals to sell any of our products in the United States and further clinical
trials are still necessary before we can seek regulatory approval to sell our
products in the United States for treating solid tumors. We cannot assure you
we will receive approval for our MedPulser
® Electroporation System for the treatment of H&N
cancer or other types of cancer or indications in the United States or in other
countries or, if approved, that we will achieve significant level of sales.

We have started additional clinical studies for
different indications, such as breast, and are also in the pre-clinical stages
of research and development with new product candidates using our
electroporation technology. These new indications and product candidates will
require significant costs to advance through the development stages. Even if
such product candidates are advanced through clinical trials, the results of
such trials may not gain FDA approval. Even if approved, our products may not
be commercially successful.

We cannot assure you that
we will successfully develop any products. If we fail to develop or
successfully commercialize any products, we may be forced to curtail or cease
our operations. Additionally, much of the commercialization efforts for our
products must be carried forward by a licensing partner. We may not be able to
obtain such a partner.

WE WILL HAVE A NEED
FOR SIGNIFICANT FUNDS IN THE FUTURE AND THERE IS NO GUARANTEE THAT WE WILL BE
ABLE TO OBTAIN THE FUNDS WE NEED.

Developing a new medical device and conducting
clinical trials is expensive. Our product development efforts may not lead to
commercial products, either because our product candidates fail to be found
safe or effective in clinical trials or because we lack the necessary financial
or other resources or relationships to pursue our programs through
commercialization. Our capital and future revenue may not be sufficient to
support the expenses of our operations, the development of a commercial
infrastructure and the conduct of our clinical trials and pre-clinical
research.

28

Our plans for
continuing clinical trials, conducting research, furthering development and,
eventually, marketing our human-use equipment will involve substantial costs.
The extent of our costs will depend on many factors, including some of the
following:

·
                    The
progress and breadth of pre-clinical testing and the size or complexity of our
clinical trials and drug delivery programs, all of which directly influence
cost;

·
                    Higher
then expected costs involved in complying with the regulatory process to get
our human-use products approved, including the number, size, and timing of
necessary clinical trials and costs associated with the current assembly and
review of existing clinical and pre-clinical information;

·
                    Higher
then expected costs involved in patenting our technologies and defending them
and pursuing our intellectual property strategy;

·
                    Changes
in our existing research and development relationships and our ability to enter
into new agreements;

·
                    Changes
in or terminations of our existing collaboration and licensing arrangements;

·
                    Faster
than expected rate of progress and changes in scope and cost of our research
and development and clinical trial activities;

·
                    An
increase or decrease in the amount and timing of milestone payments we receive
from collaborators;

·
                    Higher
than expected costs of preparing an application for FDA approval of our
MedPulser
® Electroporation
System;

·
                    Higher
than expected costs of developing the processes and systems to support FDA
approval of our MedPulser
® Electroporation System;

·
                    An
increase in our timetable and costs for the development of marketing operations
and other activities related to the commercialization of our MedPulser
® Electroporation System and our other product
candidates;

·
                    A
change in the degree of success in our Phase III clinical trial of MedPulser
® Electroporation System and in our other
clinical trials;

·
                    Higher
then expected costs to further develop and scale up our manufacturing
capability of our human-use equipment; and

·
                    Competition
for our products and our ability, and that of our partners, to commercialize
our products.

We plan to fund operations by several means. We will
attempt to enter into contracts with partners that will fund either general
operating expenses or specific programs or projects. Some funding also may be
received through government grants. However, we may not be able to enter into
any such contracts or may not receive such grants or, if we do, our partners
and the grants may not provide enough funding to meet our needs.

In the past, we have raised funds through the public
and private sale of our stock, and we are likely to do this in the future to
raise needed funds. Sale of our stock to new private or public investors
usually results in existing stockholders becoming “diluted.” The greater the
number of shares sold, the greater the dilution. A high degree of dilution can
make it difficult for the price of our stock to rise, among other things.
Dilution also lessens a stockholder’s voting power.

29

We cannot assure you that
we will be able to raise capital needed to fund operations, or that we will be
able to raise capital under terms that are favorable to us.

SALES OF
SUBSTANTIAL AMOUNTS OF OUR SHARES, OR EVEN THE AVAILABILITY OF OUR SHARES FOR
SALE, IN THE OPEN MARKET COULD CAUSE THE MARKET PRICE OF OUR SHARES TO DECLINE.

Under our registration statement that the Securities
and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, declared effective on May 25, 2006,
we have registered with the SEC an aggregate of $75,000,000 of our equity
securities that we may issue from time to time, in one or more offerings at
prices and on terms that we will determine at the time of each offering. Under
that so-called “shelf” registration statement, we have registered multiple
kinds of our equity securities, including our common stock, preferred stock,
warrants and a combination of these securities, or units. Through
December 31, 2006, we have “taken-down” from our shelf registration
statement, and issued and sold, an aggregate of 4,210,284 shares of our common
stock and warrants to purchase up to 1,425,919 shares of our common stock and,
if those warrants are fully exercised at their exercise price of $2.87, we will
have issued an additional 1,425,919 shares of our common stock under that shelf
registration statement. In other words, the shares of common stock we have sold
in offerings under our shelf registration statement represented approximately
12% of our outstanding shares at December 31, 2006 (16% if the warrants we
have sold under our shelf registration statement are fully exercised).

In addition, in October 2006, Inovio Asia Pte.
Ltd., our recently-formed subsidiary incorporated in the Republic of Singapore,
issued and sold 2,201,644 of its ordinary shares to foreign investors at $2.43
per share. Under the terms of the agreement under which these ordinary shares
were issued, they were exchanged for 2,201,644 shares of our common stock and
five-year warrants to purchase up to 770,573 shares of our common stock at an
exercise price of $2.87 per share on January 14, 2007. Further, pursuant
to participation rights applicable to these equity financings, in
October 2006 we also issued and exchanged 479,722 shares of our common
stock and five-year warrants to purchase 167,902 shares of our common stock at
an exercise price of $2.87 per share to certain institutional holders of our
outstanding Series C Preferred Stock in exchange for their shares of
Series C Preferred Stock.

The shares of common stock we issued in the exchange
for the ordinary shares of our subsidiary and for our Preferred Stock in the
foregoing transactions represent approximately 8% of our outstanding shares at
December 31, 2006 (10% if the warrants we also issued in those
transactions are fully exercised). The registration statement of which this
prospectus is a part, registers for resale under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, or the Securities Act, the shares of common stock and the shares of
common stock underlying the warrants that were included in the exchange for the
ordinary shares of IAPL and the shares of common stock underlying the warrants
that were issued in the exchange with certain holders of our Preferred Stock.
Upon the effectiveness of this registration statement, these shares will become
freely tradable in the open market.

Thus, the number of shares of common stock we have
sold under our shelf registration statement and exchanged as of
January 14, 2007 represent approximately 19% of our outstanding shares at
December  31, 2006 (26% if the warrants we are selling in this offering
and issued in the exchange transactions are fully exercised).

Sales of substantial amounts
of our stock at any one time or from time to time by the investors to whom we
have issued them, or even the availability of these shares for sale, could
cause the market price of our common stock to decline.

30

THE MARKET FOR OUR
STOCK IS VOLATILE, WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT AN INVESTMENT IN OUR STOCK.

Our share price and volume are highly volatile. This
is not unusual for biomedical companies of our size, age, and with a discrete
market niche. It also is common for the trading volume and price of biotechnology
stocks to be unrelated to a company’s operations, i.e. to go up or down on
positive news and to go up or down on no news. Our stock has exhibited this
type of behavior in the past, and may well exhibit it in the future. The
historically low trading volume of our stock, in relation to many other
biomedical companies of our size, makes it more likely that a severe
fluctuation in volume, either up or down, will affect the stock price.

Some factors that
we would expect to depress the price of our stock include:

·
                    Adverse
clinical trial results;

·
                    Our
inability to obtain additional capital when needed;

·
                    Announcement
that the FDA denied our request to approve our human-use product for
commercialization in the United States, or similar denial by other regulatory
bodies which make independent decisions outside the United States (to date, the
EU is the only foreign jurisdiction in which we have sought approval for
commercialization);

·
                    Announcement
of legal actions brought by or filed against us for patent or other matters,
and especially any negative rulings or outcomes in such actions;

·
                    Cancellation
of important corporate partnerships or agreements;

·
                    Public
concern as to the safety or efficacy of our human-use products including public
perceptions regarding gene therapy in general;

·
                    Stockholders’
decisions, for whatever reasons, to sell large amounts of our stock;

·
                    Adverse
research and development results;

·

Declining
working capital to fund operations, or other signs of apparent financial
uncertainty; and

·
                    Significant
advances made by competitors that are perceived to limit our market position.

Additionally, our clinical
trials are open-ended and, therefore, there is a risk that information
regarding the success of our clinical trials may be obtained by the public
prior to a formal announcement by us. These factors, as well as the other
factors described in this Report, could significantly affect the price of our
stock.

WE HAVE A HISTORY
OF LOSSES, WE EXPECT TO CONTINUE TO INCUR LOSSES AND WE MAY NOT ACHIEVE OR
MAINTAIN PROFITABILITY

As of December 31, 2006, we had an accumulated
deficit of $128.8 million. We have operated at a loss since 1994, and we expect
this to continue for some time. The amount of the accumulated deficit will
continue to increase, as it will be expensive to continue clinical, research
and development efforts. If these activities are successful and if we receive
approval from the FDA to market equipment, then even more funding will be
required to market and sell the equipment. The outcome of these matters cannot
be predicted at this time. We are evaluating potential partnerships as an
additional way to fund operations, but there is no assurance we will be able to
secure partnerships that will provide the required funding, if at all. We will
continue to rely on outside sources of financing to meet our capital needs
beyond next year.

31

Further, there can be no
assurance, assuming we successfully raise additional funds, that we will
achieve positive cash flow. If we are not able to secure additional funding, we
will be required to further scale back our research and development programs,
preclinical studies and clinical trials, general, and administrative activities
and may not be able to continue in business. Including the cash proceeds
received from financings, various licensing payments, the exercise of employee
stock options and investor warrants, we believe we have sufficient funds to
fund operations through the beginning of the third quarter of 2008.

OUR ABILITY TO
UTILIZE OUR NET OPERATING LOSSES AND CERTAIN OTHER TAX ATTRIBUTES MAY BE
LIMITED.

As of December 31,
2006, we had net operating losses (NOLs) of approximately $77.0 million for
federal income tax purposes and approximately $46.9 million for state income
tax purposes. We also had federal research tax credit carryforwards of
approximately $1.3 million as of December 31, 2006, which begin to expire
in 2007 unless previously utilized. Under Section 382 of the Internal
Revenue Code, if a corporation undergoes an “ownership change,” the
corporation’s ability to use its pre-change NOLs, research tax credit
carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change
income may be limited. An ownership change is generally defined as a greater
than 50% change in its equity ownership by value over a three-year period. We
believe that there are built-in gains inherent in the value of our assets that,
when recognized, may increase this annual limitation during the five-year
period form the date of an ownership change. We are currently assessing the
extent of these built-in gains. The annual limitation on our net operating loss
carryforwards that can be used to offset post-ownership change taxable income
could adversely affect our liquidity and cash flow.

IF WE DO NOT HAVE
ENOUGH CAPITAL TO FUND OPERATIONS, THEN WE WILL HAVE TO CUT COSTS.

If we are not able
to raise needed money under acceptable terms, then we will have to take
measures to cut costs, such as:

·
                    Delay,
scale back or discontinue one or more of our oncology or gene delivery programs
or other aspects of operations, including laying off some personnel or stopping
or delaying clinical trials;

·
                    Sell
or license some of our technologies that we would not otherwise give up if we
were in a better financial position;

·
                    Sell
or license some of our technologies under terms that are less favorable than
they otherwise might have been if we were in a better financial position; and

·
                    Consider
merging with another company or positioning ourselves to be acquired by another
company.

If it became necessary to
take one or more of the above-listed actions, then we may have a lower
valuation, which may be reflected in our stock price. Further, the effects on
our operations, financial performance and our stock price may be exacerbated if
we do not or cannot take one or more of the above-listed actions in a timely
manner when needed.

A SMALL NUMBER OF
LICENSING PARTNERS ACCOUNT FOR A SUBSTANTIAL PORTION OF OUR REVENUES AND OUR
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION COULD SUFFER IF WE LOSE THESE
LICENSING PARTNERS OR FAIL TO ADD ADDITIONAL LICENSING PARTNERS IN THE FUTURE.

We derive a significant
portion of our revenue from a limited number of licensing partners in each
period. Accordingly, if we fail to sign additional future contracts with major
licensing partners, if a licensing contract is delayed or deferred, or if an
existing licensing contract expires or is cancelled and we 

32

fail to
replace the contract with new business, our revenue could be adversely
affected. Until commercialization of our MedPulser
® Electroporation System, we expect that a
limited number of licensing partners will continue to account for a substantial
portion of our revenue in each quarter in the foreseeable future. During the
year ended December 31, 2006, one licensing partner, Merck, accounted for
approximately 44% or $1.5 million of our consolidated revenue.

PRE-CLINICAL AND
CLINICAL TRIALS OF HUMAN-USE EQUIPMENT ARE UNPREDICTABLE. IF WE EXPERIENCE
UNSUCCESSFUL TRIAL RESULTS, OUR BUSINESS WILL SUFFER.

Before any of our human-use equipment can be sold, the
FDA or applicable foreign regulatory authorities must determine that the
equipment meets specified criteria for use in the indications for which
approval is requested, including obtaining appropriate regulatory approvals.
Satisfaction of regulatory requirements typically takes many years, and
involves compliance with requirements covering research and development,
testing, manufacturing, quality control, labeling and promotion of drugs for
human use. To obtain regulatory approvals, we must, among other requirements,
complete clinical trials demonstrating our product candidates are safe and
effective for a particular cancer type or other disease. Regulatory approval of
a new medical device, drug or combination therapy is never guaranteed. The FDA
will make its determination based on the results from our pre-clinical testing
and clinical trials and has substantial discretion in the approval process.
Despite the time and experience exerted, failure can occur at any stage, and we
could encounter problems causing us to abandon clinical trials.

We have completed Phase II clinical trials and are
conducting two Phase III clinical trials of our lead product candidate, the
MedPulser
® Electroporation System, for the treatment of
recurrent and second primary H&N cancers. In addition, we are conducting
two Phase IV (or Pre-Marketing) clinical trials of our MedPulser
® Electroporation System for the treatment of
new and recurrent H&N cancers and new and recurrent primary skin cancers,
and have started a Phase I clinical trial of our MedPulser
® Electroporation System for the treatment of
breast cancers. Current or future clinical trials may demonstrate the MedPulser
® Electroporation System is neither safe nor
effective.

Any delays or difficulties we encounter in our
pre-clinical research and clinical trials, in particular the Phase III clinical
trials of our MedPulser
® Electroporation System for the treatment of
recurrent H&N cancer, may delay or preclude regulatory approval. Our
product development costs will increase if we experience delays in testing or
regulatory approvals or if we need to perform more or larger clinical trials
than planned. Any delay or preclusion could also delay or preclude the
commercialization of our MedPulser
® Electroporation System or any other product
candidates.

Clinical trials are unpredictable, especially
human-use trials. Results achieved in early stage clinical trials may not be
repeated in later stage trials, or in trials with more patients. When early
positive results were not repeated in later stage trials, other pharmaceutical
and biotechnology companies have suffered significant setbacks and we would
likely suffer similar consequences under such circumstances. Not only has the
inability to replicate consistent outcomes resulted in such companies pushing
their commercialization timelines back, but some companies, particularly
smaller biotechnology companies with limited cash reserves, have gone out of
business after releasing news of unsuccessful clinical trial results.

We cannot be certain the results we observed in our
pre-clinical testing will be confirmed in clinical trials or the results of any
of our clinical trials will support FDA approval. If we experience unexpected,
inconsistent or disappointing results in connection with a clinical or
pre-clinical trial our business will suffer.

The patients admitted to our oncology clinical trials
conducted in the United States and Europe are experiencing late stage cancer
and are in a diminished physical state prior to entering our studies and thus
these patients can experience serious adverse events, which is abbreviated in
our industry as SAEs, whether due to our technology or other procedures. To
date, the most clinically significant SAE’s that were 

33

assessed as at least
possibly related to our drug and technology are:  bleeding in tumor bed, pain, dysphagia, edema
at treatment site, fistula, myocardial infarction and sudden death (cause of
death unknown). Because our studies are controlled and ongoing, we cannot
assure you that these or other serious adverse events will not delay or prevent
approval of our product by the FDA.

In addition, any of
our clinical trials for our treatment may be delayed or halted at any time for
various reasons, including:

·
                    The
electroporation-mediated delivery of drugs or other agents may be found to be
ineffective or to cause harmful side effects, including death;

·
                    Our
clinical trials may take longer than anticipated, for any of a number of
reasons including a scarcity of subjects that meet the physiological or
pathological criteria for entry into the study, a scarcity of subjects that are
willing to participate through the end of the trial, or data and document
review;

·
                    The
reported clinical data may change over time as a result of the continuing
evaluation of patients or the current assembly and review of existing clinical
and pre-clinical information;

·
                    Data
from various sites participating in the clinical trials may be incomplete or
unreliable, which could result in the need to repeat the trial or abandon the
project; and

·
                    Pre-clinical
and clinical data can be interpreted in many different ways, and the FDA and
other regulatory authorities may interpret our data differently than we do,
which could halt or delay our clinical trials or prevent regulatory approval.

If any of the above events arise during our clinical
trials or data review, then we would expect this to have a serious negative
effect on our company and our stockholders.

Despite the FDA’s designation of our MedPulser
® Electroporation System as a Fast Track
product, such
FDA designation is independent of the FDA’s Priority Review and Accelerated
Approval designations and we may encounter delays in the regulatory
approval process due to additional information requirements from the FDA,
unintentional omissions in our PMA for our MedPulser
® Electroporation System, or other delays
in the FDA’s review process. We may encounter delays or rejections in the
regulatory approval process because of additional government regulation from
future legislation or administrative action or changes in FDA policy during the
period of product development, clinical trials and FDA regulatory review.

A majority of our operating expenses relate to our
clinical trials. A delay in our trials, for whatever reason, will probably
require us to spend additional funds to keep the product(s) moving through
the regulatory process. If we do not have or cannot raise the needed funds in a
timely manner, then the testing of our human-use products could be shelved. In
the event a clinical trial is not successful, we will have to determine whether
to put more money into the program to address its deficiencies or whether to
abandon the clinical development programs for the products in the tested indications.
Loss of the human-use product line would be a significant setback for our
company.

Because there are so many
variables inherent in clinical trials, we cannot predict whether any of our
future regulatory applications to conduct clinical trials will be approved by
the FDA or other regulatory authorities, whether our clinical trials will
commence or proceed as planned, and whether the trials will ultimately be
deemed to be successful. To date, our experience has been that submission and
approval of clinical protocols has taken longer than desired or expected.

34

OUR BUSINESS IS
HIGHLY DEPENDENT ON RECEIVING APPROVALS FROM VARIOUS UNITED STATES AND
INTERNATIONAL GOVERNMENT AGENCIES AND WILL BE DRAMATICALLY AFFECTED IF APPROVAL
TO MANUFACTURE AND SELL OUR HUMAN-USE EQUIPMENT IS NOT GRANTED OR IS NOT
GRANTED IN A TIMELY MANNER.

The production and marketing of our human-use
equipment and the ongoing research, development, pre-clinical testing, and
clinical trial activities are subject to extensive regulation. Numerous
governmental agencies in the U.S. and internationally, including the FDA, must
review our applications and decide whether to grant approval. All of our
human-use equipment must go through an approval process, in some instances for
each indication for which we want to label it for use (such as use for
dermatology, use for transfer of a certain gene to a certain tissue, or use for
administering a certain drug to a certain tumor type in a patient having
certain characteristics). These regulatory processes are extensive and involve
substantial costs and time.

We have limited experience in, and limited resources
available for, regulatory activities. Failure to comply with applicable
regulations can, among other things, result in non-approval, suspensions of
regulatory approvals, fines, product seizures and recalls, operating
restrictions, injunctions and criminal prosecution.

Any of the
following events can occur and, if any did occur, any one could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial conditions and results of operations:

·
                    Clinical
trials may not yield sufficiently conclusive results for regulatory agencies to
approve the use of our products;

·
                    There
can be delays, sometimes long, in obtaining approval for our human-use devices,
and indeed, we have experienced such delays in obtaining FDA approval of our
clinical protocols;

·
                    The
rules and regulations governing human-use equipment such as ours can
change during the review process, which can result in the need to spend time
and money for further testing or review;

·
                    If
approval for commercialization is granted, it is possible the authorized use
will be more limited than we believe is necessary for commercial success, or
that approval may be conditioned on completion of further clinical trials or
other activities; and

·
                    Once granted,
approval can be withdrawn, or limited, if previously unknown problems arise
with our human-use product or data arising from its use.

WE COULD BE
SUBSTANTIALLY DAMAGED IF PHYSICIANS AND HOSPITALS PERFORMING OUR CLINICAL
TRIALS DO NOT ADHERE TO PROTOCOLS OR PROMISES MADE IN CLINICAL TRIAL
AGREEMENTS.

We work and have worked with a number of hospitals to
perform clinical trials, primarily in oncology. We depend on these hospitals to
recruit patients for the trials, to perform the trials according to our
protocols, and to report the results in a thorough, accurate and consistent
fashion. Although we have agreements with these hospitals, which govern what
each party is to do with respect to the protocol, patient safety, and avoidance
of conflict of interest, there are risks that the terms of the contracts will
not be followed, such as the following:

Risk
of Deviations from Protocol.

   The hospitals or
the physicians working at the hospitals may not perform the trials correctly.
Deviations from protocol may make the clinical data not useful and the trial
could be essentially worthless.

35

Risk
of Improper Conflict of Interest.

   Physicians
working on protocols may have an improper economic interest in our company, or
other conflict of interest. When a physician has a personal stake in the
success of the trial, such as can be inferred if the physician owns stock, or
rights to purchase stock, of the trial sponsor, it can create suspicion that
the trial results were improperly influenced by the physician’s interest in
economic gain. Not only can this put the clinical trial results at risk, but it
can also do serious damage to a company’s reputation.

Risks
Involving Patient Safety and Consent.

   Physicians
and hospitals may fail to secure formal written consent as instructed or report
adverse effects that arise during the trial in the proper manner, which could
put patients at unnecessary risk. Physicians and hospital staff may fail to
observe proper safety measures such as the mishandling of used medical needles,
which may result in the transmission of infectious and deadly diseases, such as
HIV and AIDS. This increases our liability, affects the data, and can damage
our reputation.

If any of these events
were to occur, then it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to
receive regulatory authorization to sell our human-use equipment, not to
mention on our reputation. Negative events that arise in the performance of
clinical trials sponsored by biotechnology companies of our size and with
limited cash reserves similar to ours have resulted in companies going out of
business. While these risks are ever present, to date, our contracted
physicians and clinics have been successful in collecting significant data
regarding the clinical protocols under which they have operated, and we are
unaware of any conflicts of interest or improprieties regarding our protocols.

EVEN IF OUR
PRODUCTS ARE APPROVED BY REGULATORY AUTHORITIES, IF WE FAIL TO COMPLY WITH
ON-GOING REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS, OR IF WE EXPERIENCE UNANTICIPATED PROBLEMS
WITH OUR PRODUCTS, THESE PRODUCTS COULD BE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS OR
WITHDRAWAL FROM THE MARKET.

Any product for which we
obtain marketing approval, along with the manufacturing processes,
post-approval clinical data and promotional activities for such product, will
be subject to continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other
regulatory bodies. Even if regulatory approval of a product is granted, the
approval may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which the
product may be marketed or certain requirements for costly post-marketing
testing and surveillance to monitor the safety or efficacy of the product.
Later discovery of previously unknown problems with our products, including
unanticipated adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency,
manufacturer or manufacturing processes or failure to comply with regulatory
requirements, may result in restrictions on such products or manufacturing
processes, withdrawal of the products from the market, voluntary or mandatory
recall, fines, suspension of regulatory approvals, product seizures or
detention, injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties.

FAILURE TO COMPLY
WITH FOREIGN REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS GOVERNING HUMAN CLINICAL TRIALS AND
MARKETING APPROVAL FOR OUR HUMAN-USE EQUIPMENT COULD PREVENT US FROM SELLING
OUR PRODUCTS IN FOREIGN MARKETS, WHICH MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR OPERATING
RESULTS AND FINANCIAL CONDITIONS.

For marketing our
MedPulser
® Electroporation System outside the United
States, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product
licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary greatly from country to country and
may require additional testing. The time required to obtain approvals outside
the United States may differ from that required to obtain FDA approval. We may
not obtain foreign regulatory approval on a timely basis, if at all, or be able
to obtain regulatory approvals in one ore more of the jurisdictions in which we
would wish to commercialize our products. Approval by the FDA does not ensure
approval by regulatory authorities in other countries, and approval by one
foreign regulatory authority does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities
in other countries or by the FDA. Failure to 

36

comply
with these regulatory requirements or to obtain required approvals could impair
our ability to develop these markets and could have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations and financial condition.

IF WE CANNOT
MAINTAIN OUR EXISTING CORPORATE AND ACADEMIC ARRANGEMENTS AND ENTER INTO NEW
ARRANGEMENTS, WE MAY BE UNABLE TO DEVELOP PRODUCTS EFFECTIVELY, OR AT ALL.

Our strategy for the research, development and
commercialization of our product candidates may result in our entering into
contractual arrangements with corporate collaborators, academic institutions
and others. We have entered into sponsored research, license and/or
collaborative arrangements with several entities, including Merck, Wyeth, Vical,
Valentis, the U.S. Navy, Chiron and the University of South Florida, as well as
numerous other institutions that conduct clinical trials work or perform
pre-clinical research for us. Our success depends upon our collaborative
partners performing their responsibilities under these arrangements and
complying with the regulations and requirements governing clinical trials. We
cannot control the amount and timing of resources our collaborative partners
devote to our research and testing programs or product candidates, or their
compliance with regulatory requirements which can vary because of factors
unrelated to such programs or product candidates. These relationships may in
some cases be terminated at the discretion of our collaborative partners with
only limited notice to us.

Merck can terminate its May 2004 license and
collaboration agreement with us at any time in its sole discretion, without
cause, by giving ninety days advance notice to us. If this agreement is
terminated by Merck at any time during the first two years of the collaboration
term, then Merck shall continue, for a six-month period beginning on the date
of such termination, to make payments previously approved by the project’s
joint collaboration committee in relation to scientists and outside contractors
engaged by us in connection with the agreement.

We may not be able to
maintain our existing arrangements, enter into new arrangements or negotiate
current or new arrangements on acceptable terms, if at all. Some of our
collaborative partners may also be researching competing technologies
independently from us to treat the diseases targeted by our collaborative
programs.

OUR ABILITY TO ACHIEVE SIGNIFICANT REVENUES FROM SALES OR
LEASES OF HUMAN-USE PRODUCTS WILL DEPEND ON ESTABLISHING EFFECTIVE SALES,
MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION CAPABILITIES OR RELATIONSHIPS AND WE CURRENTLY LACK
SUBSTANTIAL EXPERIENCE IN THESE AREAS.

To market our products, we will need to develop sales,
marketing and distribution capabilities. In order to develop or otherwise obtain
these capabilities, we may have to enter into marketing, distribution or other
similar arrangements with third parties in order to sell, market and distribute
our products successfully. To the extent we enter into any such arrangements
with third parties, our product revenue is likely to be lower than if we
directly marketed and sold our products, and any revenue we receive will depend
upon the efforts of such third parties. We may be unable to develop sufficient
sales, marketing and distribution capabilities to commercialize our products
successfully.

If we want to market and sell our human-use products
directly, we must develop a marketing and sales force. This would
involve substantial costs, training, and time. We have limited experience in sales, marketing and
distribution of clinical and human-use products and we currently have no sales,
marketing or distribution capability. We may be unable to develop sufficient
sales, marketing and distribution capabilities to commercialize our products
successfully. Regardless of whether we elect to use third parties 

37

or seek to develop our own
marketing capability, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any
product.

WE RELY ON
COLLABORATIVE AND LICENSING RELATIONSHIPS TO FUND A PORTION OF OUR RESEARCH AND
DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES AND CARRY OUT PORTIONS OF OUR RESEARCH; IF WE ARE UNABLE
TO MAINTAIN OR EXPAND EXISTING RELATIONSHIPS, OR INITIATE NEW RELATIONSHIPS, WE
WILL HAVE TO DEFER OR CURTAIL RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES IN ONE OR
MORE AREAS.

Our partners and collaborators fund a portion of our
research and development expenses and assist us in the research and development
of our human-use equipment. These collaborations and partnerships can help pay
the salaries and other overhead expenses related to research. In the past, we
encountered operational difficulties after the termination of an agreement by a
former partner. Because this partnership was terminated, we did not receive
significant milestone payments which we had expected and were forced to delay
some clinical trials as well as some product development.

Our clinical trials to date have used our equipment
with the anti-cancer drug bleomycin sulfate. We do not currently intend to
package bleomycin sulfate together with the equipment for sale, but if it
should be necessary or desirable to do this, we would need a reliable source of
the drug. At this time we do not have a fixed source of bleomycin sulfate for
inclusion with equipment or alone. If it becomes necessary or desirable to
include bleomycin sulfate in our package, we would have to form a relationship
with another provider of this generic drug before any product could be
launched.

We also rely on scientific collaborators at companies
and universities to further our research and test our equipment. In most cases,
we lend our equipment to a collaborator, teach him or her how to use it, and
together design experiments to test the equipment in one of the collaborator’s
fields of expertise. We aim to secure agreements that restrict collaborators’
rights to use the equipment outside of the agreed upon research, and outline
the rights each of us will have in any results or inventions arising from the
work.

Nevertheless, there
is always risk that:

·
                    Our
equipment will be used in ways we did not authorize, which can lead to
liability and unwanted competition;

·
                    We
may determine that our technology has been improperly assigned to us or a
collaborator may claim rights to certain of our technology, which may require
us to pay license fees or milestone payments and, if commercial sales of the
underlying product is achieved, royalties;

·
                    We
may lose rights to inventions made by our collaborators in the field of our
business, which can lead to expensive legal fights and unwanted competition;

·
                    Our
collaborators may not keep our confidential information to themselves, which
can lead to loss of our right to seek patent protection and loss of trade
secrets, and expensive legal fights; and

·
                    Our
collaborative associations can damage a our reputation if they go awry and
thus, by association or otherwise, the scientific or medical community may
develop a negative view of us.

We cannot guarantee that
any of the results from these collaborations will be successful, that we will
be able to continue to collaborate with individuals and institutions that will
further our work, or that we will be able to do so under terms that are not
overly restrictive. If we are not able to maintain or develop new collaborative
relationships, then it is likely the research pace will slow down and it will
take longer to identify and commercialize new products, or new indications for
our existing products.

38

WE RELY HEAVILY ON
OUR PATENTS AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS TO ATTRACT PARTNERSHIPS AND MAINTAIN MARKET
POSITION.

Another factor that will influence our success is the
strength of our patent portfolio. Patents give the patent holder the right to
prevent others from using its patented technology. If someone infringes upon
the patented material of a patent holder, then the patent holder has the right
to initiate legal proceedings against that person to protect the patented
material. These proceedings, however, can be lengthy and costly. We perform an
ongoing review of our patent portfolio to evaluate whether our key technologies
appear to be adequately protected. If we determine that any of our patents
require either additional disclosures or revisions to existing information, we
may ask that such patents be reexamined or reissued, as applicable, by the
United States Patent and Trademark Office.

The patenting process, enforcement of issued patents,
and defense against claims of infringement are inherently risky. Because we
rely heavily on patent protection, we face the following significant risks:

Risk
of Inadequate Patent Protection for Product.

   The
United States Patent and Trademark Office or foreign patent offices may not
grant patents of meaningful scope based on the applications we have already
filed and those we intend to file. If we do not have patents that adequately
protect our human-use equipment and indications for its use, then we will not
be able to maintain a competitive advantage in the market for such products.

Risk
That Important Patents Will Be Judged Invalid.

   Some
of the issued patents we now own or license may be determined to be invalid. If
we have to defend the validity of any of our patents, the costs of such defense
could be substantial, and there is no guarantee of a successful outcome. In the
event an important patent related to our drug delivery technology is found to
be invalid, we may lose competitive position and may not be able to receive
royalties for products covered in part or whole by that patent under license
agreements.

Risk
of Being Charged With Infringement.

   Although we
are not currently aware of any parties intending to pursue infringement claims
against us, there is the risk that we will use a patented technology allegedly
or actually owned by another person and/or be charged with infringement.
Defending, or indemnifying a third party, against a charge of infringement can
involve lengthy and costly legal actions, and there can be no guarantee of a
successful outcome. Biotechnology companies comparable to us in size and
financial position have gone out of business after fighting and losing
infringement battles. If we or our partners are prevented from using or selling
our human-use equipment, then our business would be materially adversely
affected.

Freedom
to Operate Risks.

   We are aware that patents
related to electrically-assisted drug delivery have been granted to, and patent
applications filed by, our potential competitors. We or our partners have taken
licenses to some of these patents, and will consider taking additional licenses
in the future. Nevertheless, the competitive nature of our field of business
and the fact that others have sought patent protection for technologies similar
to ours make these patent-related risks significant.

In addition to patents, we
also rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how. We try to protect this
information with appropriate confidentiality and inventions agreements with our
employees, scientific advisors, consultants, and collaborators. We cannot be
sure that these agreements will not be breached, that we will be able to
protect ourselves if they are breached, or that our trade secrets will not
otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. If any of
these events occurs, then we run the risk of losing control of valuable company
information, which could negatively affect our competitive position.

39

IF WE ARE NOT
SUCCESSFUL DEVELOPING OUR CURRENT PRODUCTS, OUR BUSINESS MODEL MAY CHANGE
AS OUR PRIORITIES AND OPPORTUNITIES CHANGE. OUR BUSINESS MAY NEVER DEVELOP
TO BE PROFITABLE OR SUSTAINABLE.

There are many products
and programs that to us seem promising and that we could pursue. However, with
limited resources, we may decide to change priorities and shift programs away
from those that we had been pursuing for the purpose of exploiting our core
technology of electroporation. The choices we may make will be dependent upon
numerous factors, which we cannot predict. We cannot be sure that our business
model, as it currently exists or as it may evolve, will enable us to become
profitable or to sustain operations.

SERIOUS AND
UNEXPECTED SIDE EFFECTS ATTRIBUTABLE TO GENE THERAPY MAY RESULT IN
GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITIES IMPOSING ADDITIONAL REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS OR A
NEGATIVE PUBLIC PERCEPTION OF OUR PRODUCTS.

The MedPulser
® DNA
Delivery System and any of our other Gene Therapy or DNA Vaccine product
candidates under development could be broadly described as gene therapies. A
number of clinical trials are being conducted by other pharmaceutical companies
involving gene therapy, including compounds similar to, or competitive with,
our product candidates. The announcement of adverse results from these clinical
trials, such as serious unwanted and unexpected side effects attributable to
treatment, or any response by the FDA to such clinical trials, may impede the
timing of our clinical trials, delay or prevent us from obtaining regulatory
approval or negatively influence public perception of our product candidates,
which could harm our business and results of operations and depress the value
of our stock.

The U.S. Senate has held hearings concerning the
adequacy of regulatory oversight of gene therapy clinical trials, as well as
the adequacy of research subject education and protection in clinical research
in general, and to determine whether additional legislation is required to
protect volunteers and patients who participate in such clinical trials. The
Recombinant DNA Advisory Committee, or RAC, which acts as an advisory body to
the National Institutes of Health, has expanded its public role in evaluating
important public and ethical issues in gene therapy clinical trials.
Implementation of any additional review and reporting procedures or other
additional regulatory measures could increase the costs of or prolong our
product development efforts or clinical trials.

As of December 31, 2006, to our knowledge, there
have not been any serious adverse events in any gene therapy clinical trials in
which our technology was used. These current gene therapy clinical trials are
being sponsored by several of our partners. In the future, if one or a series
of serious adverse events were to occur during a gene therapy clinical trial in
which our technology was used by a partner, the partner would be responsible
for reporting all such events to the FDA and other regulatory agencies as
required by law. Such serious adverse events, whether treatment-related or not,
could result in negative public perception of our treatments and require
additional regulatory review or other measures, which could increase the cost
of or prolong our gene therapy clinical trials or require us to halt the
clinical trials altogether.

The FDA has not approved
any gene therapy product or gene-induced product for sale in the United States.
The commercial success of our products will depend in part on public acceptance
of the use of gene therapy products or gene-induced products, which are a new
type of disease treatment for the prevention or treatment of human diseases.
Public attitudes may be influenced by claims that gene therapy products or
gene-induced products are unsafe, and these treatment methodologies may not
gain the acceptance of the public or the medical community. Negative public
reaction to gene therapy products or gene-induced products could also result in
greater government regulation and stricter clinical trial oversight.

40

WE CANNOT PREDICT
THE SAFETY PROFILE OF THE USE OF OUR MEDPULSER

® ELECTROPORATION SYSTEM WHEN USED IN
COMBINATION WITH OTHER THERAPIES.

Our trials involve the use
of our MedPulser
® Electroporation System in combination with
bleomycin sulfate, an anti-cancer drug. While the data we have evaluated to
date suggest the MedPulser
® Electroporation System does not increase the
adverse effects of other therapies, we cannot predict if this outcome will continue
to be true or whether possible adverse side effects not directly attributable
to the other drugs will compromise the safety profile of our MedPulser
® Electroporation System when used in certain
combination therapies or if used off-label with other drugs by physicians.

WE RUN THE RISK
THAT OUR TECHNOLOGY WILL BECOME OBSOLETE OR LOSE ITS COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE.

The drug delivery business is very competitive, fast
moving and intense, and expected to be increasingly so in the future. Other
companies and research institutions are developing drug delivery systems that,
if not similar in type to our systems, are designed to address the same patient
or subject population. Therefore, we cannot promise you that our products will
be the best, the safest, the first to market, or the most economical to make or
use. If competitors’ products are better than ours, for whatever reason, then
we could make less money from sales and our products risk becoming obsolete.

There are many
reasons why a competitor might be more successful than us, including:

Financial
Resources.

   Some competitors have greater
financial resources and can afford more technical and development setbacks than
we can.

Greater
Experience.

   Some competitors have been in the
biomedical business longer than we have. They have greater experience than us
in critical areas like clinical testing, obtaining regulatory approval, and
sales and marketing. This experience or their name recognition may give them a
competitive advantage over us.

Superior
Patent Position.

   Some competitors may have a
better patent position protecting their technology than we have or will have to
protect our technology. If we cannot use our patents to prevent others from
copying our technology or developing similar technology, or if we cannot obtain
a critical license to another’s patent that we need to make and use our
equipment, then we would expect our competitive position to weaken.

Faster
to Market.

   Some companies with competitive
technologies may move through stages of development, approval, and marketing
faster than us. If a competitor receives FDA approval before us, then it will
be authorized to sell its products before we can sell ours. Because the first
company “to market” often has a significant advantage over late-comers, a
second place position could result in less than anticipated sales.

Reimbursement Allowed.

   In
the U.S., third party payers, such as Medicare, may reimburse physicians and hospitals
for competitors’ products but not for our human-use products. This would
significantly affect our ability to sell our human-use products in the U.S. and
would have a serious effect on revenue and our business as a whole. Outside of
the U.S., reimbursement and funding policies vary widely.

ANY ACQUISITION WE
MIGHT MAKE MAY BE COSTLY AND DIFFICULT TO INTEGRATE, MAY DIVERT
MANAGEMENT RESOURCES OR DILUTE STOCKHOLDER VALUE.

We have considered
and have made strategic acquisitions in the past, including our acquisition of
Inovio AS in January 2005, and, in the future, may acquire or make
investments in complementary companies, products or technologies. As part of
our business strategy, we may acquire assets or businesses principally relating
to or complementary to our current operations, and we have in the past
evaluated and 

41

discussed
such opportunities with interested parties. Any acquisitions we undertake will
be accompanied by the risks commonly encountered in business acquisitions.
These risks include, among other things:

·
                    Potential
exposure to unknown liabilities of acquired companies;

·
                    The
difficulty and expense of assimilating the operations and personnel of acquired
businesses;

·
                    Diversion
of management time and attention and other resources;

·
                    Loss
of key employees and customers as a result of changes in management;

·
                    Incurrence
of amortization expenses related to intangible assets or large one-time
charges, such as the charge in excess of $3.3 million we incurred to our
results of operations during 2005 related to our write-off of in-process
research and development that we acquired in our acquisition of Inovio AS in January 2005;

·
                    Increased
legal, accounting and other administrative costs associated with negotiation,
documentation and reporting on any such acquisition; and

·
                    Possible
dilution to our stockholders.

In addition, geography
and/or language barriers may make the integration of businesses more difficult.
We may not be successful in overcoming these risks or any other problems
encountered in connection with any acquisitions.

CHANGES IN FOREIGN
EXCHANGE RATES MAY AFFECT OUR FUTURE OPERATING RESULTS.

In January 2005, we
acquired Inovio AS, a Norwegian company. During the year ended December 31,
2006, Inovio AS contributed approximately $1.1
million to our revenue, which amounted to approximately 33% of our total
revenue. Inovio AS conducts its operations primarily in foreign currencies,
including the Euro, Norwegian Kroner and Swedish Krona. In September 2006,
we established Inovio Asia Pte. Ltd., a company incorporated in the Republic of
Singapore, which conducts its operations primarily in Singapore dollars. Fluctuation
in the values of these foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar will
affect our financial results which are reported in US dollars and will cause
U.S. dollar translation of such currencies to vary from one period to another.
We cannot predict the scope of any fluctuations in the values of these foreign
currencies relative to the U.S. dollar nor the effect of exchange rate
fluctuations upon our future operating results.

ECONOMIC,
POLITICAL, MILITARY OR OTHER EVENTS IN THE UNITED STATES OR IN OTHER COUNTRIES
COULD INTERFERE WITH OUR SUCCESS OR OPERATIONS AND HARM OUR BUSINESS

The September 11,
2001 terrorist attacks disrupted commerce throughout the United States and
other parts of the world. The continued threat of similar attacks throughout
the world and the military action taken by the United States and other nations
in Iraq or other countries may cause significant disruption to commerce
throughout the world. To the extent that such disruptions further slow the
global economy, our business and results of operations could be materially
adversely affected. We are unable to predict whether the threat of new attacks
or the responses thereto will result in any long-term commercial disruptions or
if such activities or responses will have a long-term material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations or financial condition.

42

OUR DEPENDENCE UPON
NON-MARKETED PRODUCTS, LACK OF EXPERIENCE IN MANUFACTURING AND MARKETING
HUMAN-USE PRODUCTS, AND OUR CONTINUING DEFICIT MAY RESULT IN EVEN FURTHER
FLUCTUATIONS IN OUR TRADING VOLUME AND SHARE PRICE.

Successful approval,
marketing, and sales of our human-use equipment are critical to the financial
future of our company. Our human-use products are not yet approved for sale in
the United States and some other jurisdictions and we may never obtain those
approvals. Even if we do obtain approvals to sell our human-use products in the
United States, those sales may not be as large or timely as we expect. These
uncertainties may cause our operating results to fluctuate dramatically in the
next several years. We believe that quarter-to-quarter or annual comparisons of
our operating results are not a good indicator of our future performance.
Nevertheless, these fluctuations may cause us to perform below the expectations
of the public market analysts and investors. If this happens, the price of our
common shares would likely fall.

THERE IS A RISK OF
PRODUCT LIABILITY WITH HUMAN-USE EQUIPMENT

The testing, marketing and sale of human-use products
expose us to significant and unpredictable risks of equipment product liability
claims. These claims may arise from patients, clinical trial volunteers, consumers,
physicians, hospitals, companies, institutions, researchers or others using,
selling, or buying our equipment. Product liability risks are inherent in our
business and will exist even after the products are approved for sale. If and
when our human-use equipment is commercialized, we run the risk that use (or
misuse) of the equipment will result in personal injury. The chance of such an
occurrence will increase after a product type is on the market.

We have obtained liability insurance in connection
with ongoing business and products, and we may purchase additional policies if
such policies are determined by management to be necessary. However, our
existing insurance and the insurance we purchase may not provide adequate
coverage in the event a claim is made and we may be required to pay claims
directly. If we did have to make payment against a claim, then it would impact
our financial ability to perform the research, development, and sales
activities we have planned.

If and when our human-use
equipment is commercialized, there is always the risk of product defects.
Product defects can lead to loss of future sales, decrease in market
acceptance, damage to our brand or reputation, product returns and warranty
costs, and even product withdrawal from the market. These events can occur
whether the defect resides in a component we purchased from a third party or
whether it was due to our design and/or manufacture. We expect that our sales
agreements will contain provisions designed to limit our exposure to product
liability claims. However, we do not know whether these limitations are
enforceable in the countries in which the sale is made. Any product liability
or other claim brought against us, if successful and of sufficient magnitude,
could negatively impact our financial performance, even if we have insurance.

WE CANNOT BE
CERTAIN THAT WE WILL BE ABLE TO MANUFACTURE OUR HUMAN-USE EQUIPMENT IN
SUFFICIENT VOLUMES AT COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE RATES.

Our manufacturing facilities for human-use products
will be subject to quality systems regulations, international quality standards
and other regulatory requirements, including pre-approval inspection for the
human-use equipment and periodic post-approval inspections for all human-use
products. While we have undergone and passed a quality systems audit from an
international body, we have never undergone a quality systems inspection by the
FDA. We may not be able to pass an FDA inspection when it occurs. If our
facilities are found not to be up to the FDA standards in sufficient time,
prior to a launch of our product in the United States, then it will result in a
delay or termination of our ability to produce the human-use equipment in our
facility. Any delay in production will have a negative effect on our business. 

43

While there are no target
dates set forth for launch of our products in the United States, we plan on
launching these products once we successfully perform a Phase III clinical
study, obtain the requisite regulatory approval, and engage a partner who has the
financial resources and marketing capacity to bring our products to market.

Our products must be manufactured in sufficient
commercial quantities, in compliance with regulatory requirements, and at an
acceptable cost to be attractive to purchasers. We rely on third parties to
manufacture and assemble most aspects of our equipment, and thus cannot
directly control the quality, timing or quantities of equipment manufactured or
assembled at any given time.

Disruption of the
manufacture of our products, for whatever reason, could delay or interrupt our
ability to manufacture or deliver our products to customers on a timely basis.
This would be expected to affect revenue and may affect our long-term
reputation, as well. In the event we provide product of inferior quality, we
run the risk of product liability claims and warranty obligations, which will
negatively affect our financial performance.

IF WE LOSE KEY
PERSONNEL OR ARE UNABLE TO ATTRACT AND RETAIN ADDITIONAL, HIGHLY SKILLED
PERSONNEL REQUIRED TO DEVELOP OUR PRODUCTS OR OBTAIN NEW COLLABORATIONS, OUR
BUSINESS MAY SUFFER.

We depend, to a
significant extent, on the efforts of our key employees, including senior
management and senior scientific, clinical, regulatory and other personnel. The
development of new therapeutic products requires expertise from a number of
different disciplines, some of which is not widely available. We depend upon
our scientific staff to discover new product candidates and to develop and
conduct pre-clinical studies of those new potential products. Our clinical and
regulatory staff is responsible for the design and execution of clinical trials
in accordance with FDA requirements and for the advancement of our product
candidates toward FDA approval. Our operations staff is responsible for
designing, developing and manufacturing in the product in accordance with the
applicable Quality System Regulations. The quality and reputation of our
scientific, clinical, regulatory and manufacturing staff, especially the senior
staff, and their success in performing their responsibilities, are significant
factors in attracting potential funding sources and collaborators. In addition,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and other executive
officers are involved in a broad range of critical activities, including
providing strategic and operational guidance. The loss of these individuals, or
our inability to retain or recruit other key management and scientific,
clinical, regulatory, operations and other personnel, may delay or prevent us
from achieving our business objectives. We face intense competition for
personnel from other companies, universities, public and private research
institutions, government entities and other organizations.

WE MAY NOT
MEET ENVIRONMENTAL GUIDELINES AND AS A RESULT COULD BE SUBJECT TO CIVIL AND
CRIMINAL PENALTIES.

Like all companies in our
line of work, we are subject to a variety of governmental regulations relating
to the use, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous substances. Our safety
procedures for handling, storage and disposal of such materials are designed to
comply with applicable laws and regulations. While we believe we are currently
in compliance with all material applicable environmental regulations, if we are
found to not comply with environmental regulations, or if we are involved with
contamination or injury from these materials, then we may be subject to civil
and criminal penalties. This would have a negative impact on our reputation and
finances, and could result in a slowdown or even complete cessation of our
business.

44

OUR FACILITIES ARE
LOCATED NEAR KNOWN EARTHQUAKE FAULT ZONES, AND THE OCCURRENCE OF AN EARTHQUAKE
OR OTHER CATASTROPHIC DISASTER COULD CAUSE DAMAGE TO OUR FACILITIES AND
EQUIPMENT.

Our facilities are located
near known earthquake fault zones and are vulnerable to damage from
earthquakes. We are also vulnerable to damage from other types of disasters,
including fire, floods, power loss, communications failures and similar events.
If any disaster were to occur, our ability to operate our business at our
facilities would be seriously impaired. In addition, given the nature of our
research activities, any such disaster could cause significant delays in our
programs and make it difficult for us to recover. The insurance we maintain may
not be adequate to cover our losses resulting from disasters or other business
interruptions. Accordingly, an earthquake or other disaster could materially
and adversely harm our ability to conduct business.

LEGISLATION
REQUIRING COMPANIES TO EVALUATE INTERNAL CONTROLS UNDER SECTION 404 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 HAS INCREASED OUR EXPENSES AND COULD RESULT IN
EVENTS THAT ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR STOCK.

As directed by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (Section 404), the Securities and Exchange Commission adopted rules requiring
public companies to include a report of management on our internal controls
over financial reporting in our annual reports on Form 10-K that
contains an assessment by management of the effectiveness of our internal
controls over financial reporting. In addition, our independent registered
public accounting firm must attest to and report on management’s assessment of
the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. This
requirement first applied to our 2004 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

How companies are implementing these new requirements
including internal control reforms, if any, to comply with Section 404’s
requirements, and how independent auditors are applying these new requirements
and testing companies’ internal controls, is an evolving process and remains
subject to uncertainty. The requirements of Section 404 are ongoing and
apply to future years. We expect that our internal controls will continue to
evolve as our business activities change. During the course of management’s and
our independent registered public accounting firm’s review of our internal
controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2006, we did not
identify any significant control deficiencies that arose to the level of
material weaknesses, as defined by the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (PCAOB). Although we will continue to diligently and vigorously review
our internal controls over financial reporting in order to ensure compliance
with the Section 404 requirements, any control system, regardless of how
well designed, operated and evaluated, can provide only reasonable, not
absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met.

If, during any year, our independent registered public
accounting firm is not satisfied with our internal controls over financial
reporting or the level at which these controls are documented, designed,
operated, tested or assessed, or if the independent registered public
accounting firm interprets the requirements, rules or regulations
differently than we do, then our independent registered public accounting firm
may decline to attest to management’s assessment or may issue a report that is
qualified. This could result in an adverse reaction in the financial
marketplace due to a loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our
financial statements, which ultimately could negatively impact the market price
of our stock.

45