An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider
carefully all of the material risks described below, which refer to our business
and operations as of December 31, 2008, together with the other information
contained in this annual report on Form 10-K before making a decision to invest
in our securities. If any of the events described herein occur, our business,
financial conditions, and results of operations may be materially adversely
affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and
you could lose all or part of your investment.

RISKS
ASSOCIATED WITH OUR POTENTIAL BUSINESS

Our
Board of Directors has announced its approval of our liquidation and
dissolution. Subject to stockholder approval, we will liquidate and distribute
our assets to our public stockholders.

On March
4, 2009, our Board of Directors approved the liquidation and dissolution of the
Company and approved the submission of a plan of liquidation to our stockholders
for their approval.  Subject to such stockholder approval, we will
cease our corporate existence and distribute any remaining assets to our public
stockholders.

Under
Delaware law, our dissolution requires the approval of the holders of a majority
of our outstanding stock, without which we will not be able to dissolve and
liquidate and distribute our assets to our public stockholders.

Our Board
of Directors has determined we will not effect a business combination by June
13, 2009, and accordingly, we will promptly initiate procedures for our
dissolution and the distribution of our assets, including the funds held in the
Trust Account, to our public stockholders. We will seek stockholder approval for
our dissolution and plan for the distribution of our assets. Upon the approval
by our stockholders of our dissolution and plan for the distribution of our
assets, we will liquidate our assets, including the Trust Account, and after
reserving amounts sufficient to cover our liabilities and obligations and the
costs of dissolution and liquidation, distribute those assets solely to our
public stockholders. However, soliciting the vote of our stockholders will
require the preparation of preliminary and definitive proxy statements, which
will need to be filed with, and could be subject to the review of, the SEC. This
process could take up to several months. As a result, the distribution of our
assets to the public stockholders could be subject to a considerable delay.
Furthermore, we may need to postpone the stockholders meeting, re-solicit our
stockholders, or amend our plan for the distribution of our assets to obtain the
required stockholder approval, all of which would further delay the distribution
of our assets and result in increased costs. If we are not able to obtain
approval from a majority of our stockholders, we will not be able to dissolve
and we will not be able to distribute funds from our Trust Account to our public
stockholders and these funds will not be available for any other corporate
purpose. In that event, we will continue to pursue stockholder approval for our
dissolution. We cannot assure you that our stockholders will approve our
dissolution in a timely manner or will ever approve our dissolution. As a
result, we cannot provide investors with assurances of a specific timeframe for
our dissolution and the distribution of our assets. If our stockholders do not
approve a plan of dissolution and distribution and the funds remain in the Trust
Account for an indeterminate amount of time, we may be considered to be an
investment company.

As
a result of being forced to liquidate before a business combination, our public
stockholders will receive less than the $8.00 per unit Public Offering price
upon distribution of the Trust Account and our warrants will expire
worthless.

Because
we have been unable to complete a business combination and are forced to
liquidate our assets, the per-share liquidation will be less than $8.00 because
of the expenses of our Public Offering, our general and administrative expenses
and the costs of seeking a business combination after our Public
Offering.  Furthermore, there will be no distribution with respect to
our outstanding warrants and, accordingly, the warrants will expire worthless
upon our liquidation.

 8

If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in trust could be
reduced and the per share liquidation price received by public stockholders will
be less than $7.81 per share.

Our
placing of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third
party claims against us. Pursuant to Delaware General Corporation Law Section
281(b), upon our dissolution we will be required to pay or make reasonable
provision to pay all claims and obligations of the corporation, including all
contingent, conditional, or unmatured claims. While we intend to pay those
amounts from our funds not held in trust, we cannot assure you those funds will
be sufficient to cover such claims and obligations. Although we are obligated to
seek to have all vendors, prospective target businesses or other entities with
which we do business waive any right, title, interest, or claim of any kind in
or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public
stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will agree to such waivers, or
even if they agree to such waivers that they would be prevented from bringing
claims against the Trust Account, including but not limited to, fraudulent
inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility, and other similar claims, as
well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in
order to gain an advantage with a claim against our assets, including the funds
held in the Trust Account.

The
NYSE Amex may delist our securities from trading on its exchange which could
limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us
to additional trading restrictions.

Our
securities are listed on the NYSE Amex, a national securities
exchange.  On February 10, 2009, we received a deficiency notice from
the NYSE Amex indicating that we did not hold an annual meeting of stockholders
in 2008 and therefore, were not in compliance with its continued listing
requirements.  The notice stated that we may be subject to delisting
if we did not submit a plan for compliance within a specified time
period.  Because our Board of Directors approved our liquidation and
dissolution, the NYSE Amex advised us that we would not need to submit a plan of
compliance.  However, on March 6, 2009, following announcement of our
Board of Directors’ determination to seek dissolution and liquidation, the NYSE
Amex halted trading of our warrants as they are expected to expire
worthless.  We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to
be listed on the NYSE Amex in the future.

If the
NYSE Amex de-lists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not
able to list our securities on another exchange or to have them quoted on
NASDAQ, our securities could be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, or “pink
sheets”. As a result, we could face significant material adverse consequences
including:

 ·

 a limited availability of market
 quotations for our securities;

 ·

 a determination that our common
 stock is a “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our common
 stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly resulting in a
 reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our
 securities;

 ·

 a limited amount of news and
 analyst coverage for our company; and

 ·

 a decreased ability to issue
 additional securities or obtain additional financing in the
 future.

The
National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute,
prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities,
which are referred to as “covered securities”. Since we are listed on the NYSE
Amex, our securities are covered securities. Although the states are preempted
from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the
states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and if there
is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the
sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a
state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities
issued by blank check companies generally, certain state securities regulators
view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten
to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies
in their states.

In
connection with the dissolution, our stock transfer books will close, after
which it may not be possible for stockholders to trade in, or transfer, our
stock.

In
connection with the dissolution, we intend to delist our common stock, warrants
and units from the NYSE Amex, close our stock transfer books and discontinue
recording transfers of our common stock at which time our common stock, warrants
and units and certificates evidencing such securities will not be assignable or
transferable on our books except by will, intestate succession or operation of
law.

Our
stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the
extent of distributions received by them in dissolution, regardless of when such
claims are filed.

We cannot
assure you that third parties will not seek to recover from the assets
distributed to our public stockholders any amounts owed to them by us. Under the
DGCL, our stockholders could be liable for any claims against the corporation to
the extent of distributions received by them in dissolution. The limitations on
stockholder liability under the DGCL for claims against a dissolved corporation
are determined by the procedures that a corporation follows for distribution of
its assets following dissolution. If we complied with the procedures set forth
in Sections 280 and 281(a) of the DGCL (which would include, among other things,
a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought
against us, a 90-day period during which we may reject any claims brought, an
additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made
to stockholders, as well as review by the Delaware Court of Chancery) our
stockholders would have no further liability with respect to claims on which an
action, suit or proceeding is begun after the third anniversary of our
dissolution. However, in accordance with our intention to liquidate and
distribute our assets to our stockholders as soon as reasonably possible after
dissolution, our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
provides that we will comply with Section 281(b) of the DGCL instead of Sections
280 and 281(a). Accordingly, our stockholders’ liability could extend to claims
for which an action, suit or proceeding is begun after the third anniversary of
our dissolution.

 9

Stockholders
may not be able to recognize a loss for federal income tax purposes until they
receive a final distribution from us.

As a
result of our liquidation, for United States federal income tax purposes,
stockholders will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between (i) the
sum of the amount of cash distributed to them and the aggregate fair market
value at the time of distribution of any property distributed to them (including
transfers of assets to a liquidating trust), and (ii) their tax basis in their
shares of our capital stock. Any loss may generally be recognized only when the
final distribution has been received from us.