Before you
invest in our securities you should carefully consider each of the following risk factors and all of the other information provided in this report. We believe that the following information identifies the most significant risks that may impact us.
However, the risks and uncertainties we face are not limited to those set forth in the risk factors described below. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect
our business. In addition, past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. If any of the following risks and uncertainties
develops into an actual event, the event could have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In such case, the market price of our common stock could decline. 

The hospitality industry is highly competitive and we are subject to risks relating to competition that may adversely affect our performance.

We will be adversely impacted if we cannot compete effectively in the highly competitive hospitality industry. Our
continued success depends upon our ability to compete effectively in markets that contain numerous competitors, some of which may have significantly greater financial, marketing and other resources than we have. Competition may reduce fee
structures, potentially causing us to lower our fees or prices, which may adversely impact our profits. New competition or existing competition that uses a business model that is different from our business model may put pressure on us to change our
model so that we can remain competitive. 

31 

Table of Contents

Our revenues are highly dependent on the travel industry and declines in or disruptions to the travel
industry, such as those caused by economic slowdown, terrorism, political strife, acts of God and war may adversely affect us. 

Declines in or disruptions to the travel industry may adversely impact us. Risks affecting the travel industry include: economic slowdown and recession; economic factors, such as increased costs of living
and reduced discretionary income, adversely impacting consumers’ and businesses’ decisions to use and consume travel services and products; terrorist incidents and threats (and associated heightened travel security measures); political
strife; acts of God (such as earthquakes, hurricanes, fires, floods, volcanoes and other natural disasters); war; pandemics or threat of pandemics (such as the H1N1 flu); environmental disasters (such as the Gulf of Mexico oil spill); increased
pricing, financial instability and capacity constraints of air carriers; airline job actions and strikes; and increases in gasoline and other fuel prices. 

We are subject to operating or other risks common to the hospitality industry. 

Our business is subject to numerous operating or other risks common to the hospitality industry including: 

•

 changes in operating costs, including inflation, energy, labor costs (including minimum wage increases and unionization), workers’ compensation
and health-care related costs and insurance; 

•

 changes in desirability of geographic regions of the hotels or resorts in our business; 

•

 changes in the supply and demand for hotel rooms, vacation exchange and rental services and vacation ownership services and products;

•

 seasonality in our businesses, which may cause fluctuations in our operating results; 

•

 geographic concentrations of our operations and customers; 

•

 increases in costs due to inflation that may not be fully offset by price and fee increases in our business; 

•

 availability of acceptable financing and cost of capital as they apply to us, our customers, current and potential hotel franchisees and developers,
owners of hotels with which we have hotel management contracts, our RCI affiliates and other developers of vacation ownership resorts; 

•

 our ability to securitize the receivables that we originate in connection with sales of vacation ownership interests; 

•

 the risk that purchasers of vacation ownership interests who finance a portion of the purchase price default on their loans due to adverse macro or
personal economic conditions or otherwise, which would increase loan loss reserves and adversely affect loan portfolio performance; that if such defaults occur during the early part of the loan amortization period we will not have recovered the
marketing, selling, administrative and other costs associated with such vacation ownership interests; such costs will be incurred again in connection with the resale of the repossessed vacation ownership interest; and the value we recover in a
default is not, in all instances, sufficient to cover the outstanding debt; 

•

 the quality of the services provided by franchisees, our vacation exchange and rentals business, resorts with units that are exchanged through our
vacation exchange business and/or resorts in which we sell vacation ownership interests may adversely affect our image and reputation; 

•

 our ability to generate sufficient cash to buy from third-party suppliers the products that we need to provide to the participants in our points
programs who want to redeem points for such products; 

•

 overbuilding in one or more segments of the hospitality industry and/or in one or more geographic regions; 

•

 changes in the number and occupancy and room rates of hotels operating under franchise and management agreements; 

32 

Table of Contents

•

 changes in the relative mix of franchised hotels in the various lodging industry price categories; 

•

 our ability to develop and maintain positive relations and contractual arrangements with current and potential franchisees, hotel owners, vacation
exchange members, vacation ownership interest owners, resorts with units that are exchanged through our vacation exchange business and/or owners of vacation properties that our vacation rentals business markets for rental;

•

 the availability of and competition for desirable sites for the development of vacation ownership properties; difficulties associated with obtaining
entitlements to develop vacation ownership properties; liability under state and local laws with respect to any construction defects in the vacation ownership properties we develop; and our ability to adjust our pace of completion of resort
development relative to the pace of our sales of the underlying vacation ownership interests; 

•

 our ability to adjust our business model to generate greater cash flow and require less capital expenditures; 

•

 private resale of vacation ownership interests, which could adversely affect our vacation ownership resorts and vacation exchange businesses;

•

 revenues from our lodging business are indirectly affected by our franchisees’ pricing decisions; 

•

 organized labor activities and associated litigation; 

•

 maintenance and infringement of our intellectual property; 

•

 the bankruptcy or insolvency of any one of our customers, which could impair our ability to collect outstanding fees or other amounts due or otherwise
exercise our contractual rights; 

•

 franchisees that have development advance notes with us may experience financial difficulties; 

•

 increases in the use of third-party Internet services to book online hotel reservations; and 

•

 disruptions in relationships with third parties, including marketing alliances and affiliations with e-commerce channels. 

We may not be able to achieve our growth objectives. 

We may not be able to achieve our growth objectives for increasing our cash flows, the number of franchised and/or managed properties in our lodging business, the number of vacation exchange members in
our vacation exchange business, the number of rental weeks sold by our vacation rentals business and the number of tours generated and vacation ownership interests sold by our vacation ownership business. 

We may be unable to identify acquisition targets that complement our businesses, and if we are able to identify suitable acquisition
targets, we may not be able to complete acquisitions on commercially reasonable terms. Our ability to complete acquisitions depends on a variety of factors, including our ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms and requisite government
approvals. If we are able to complete acquisitions, there is no assurance that we will be able to achieve the revenue and cost benefits that we expected in connection with such acquisitions or to successfully integrate the acquired businesses into
our existing operations. 

Our international operations are subject to risks not generally applicable to our domestic operations.

Our international operations are subject to numerous risks including exposure to local economic conditions; potential
adverse changes in the diplomatic relations of foreign countries with the U.S.; hostility from local populations; restrictions and taxes on the withdrawal of foreign investment and earnings; government policies against businesses owned by
foreigners; investment restrictions or requirements; diminished ability to legally enforce our contractual rights in foreign countries; foreign exchange restrictions; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; local laws might conflict with
U.S. laws; withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries; and changes in and application of foreign taxation structures including value-added taxes. 

33 

Table of Contents

Any adverse outcome resulting from the financial instability within certain European
economies and the related volatility on foreign exchange and interest rates could have an effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

We are subject to risks related to litigation filed by or against us. 

We
are subject to a number of legal actions and the risk of future litigation as described under “Legal Proceedings”. We cannot predict with certainty the ultimate outcome and related damages and costs of litigation and other proceedings
filed by or against us. Adverse results in litigation and other proceedings may harm our business. 

We are subject to certain risks related
to our indebtedness, hedging transactions, our securitization of certain of our assets, our surety bond requirements, the cost and availability of capital and the extension of credit by us. 

We are a borrower of funds under our credit facilities, credit lines, senior notes and securitization financings. We extend credit when we
finance purchases of vacation ownership interests and in instances when we provide key money, development advance notes and mezzanine or other forms of subordinated financing to assist franchisees and hotel owners in converting to or building a new
hotel branded under one of our Wyndham Hotel Group brands. We use financial instruments to reduce or hedge our financial exposure to the effects of currency and interest rate fluctuations. We are required to post surety bonds in connection with our
development activities. In connection with our debt obligations, hedging transactions, the securitization of certain of our assets, our surety bond requirements, the cost and availability of capital and the extension of credit by us, we are subject
to numerous risks including: 

•

 our cash flows from operations or available lines of credit may be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest, which could result
in a default and acceleration of the underlying debt; 

•

 if we are unable to comply with the terms of the financial covenants under our revolving credit facility, including a breach of the financial ratios or
tests, such non-compliance could result in a default and acceleration of the underlying revolver debt and under other debt instruments that contain cross-default provisions; 

•

 our leverage may adversely affect our ability to obtain additional financing; 

•

 our leverage may require the dedication of a significant portion of our cash flows to the payment of principal and interest thus reducing the
availability of cash flows to fund working capital, capital expenditures or other operating needs; 

•

 increases in interest rates; 

•

 rating agency downgrades for our debt that could increase our borrowing costs; 

•

 failure or non-performance of counterparties to foreign exchange and interest rate hedging transactions; 

•

 we may not be able to securitize our vacation ownership contract receivables on terms acceptable to us because of, among other factors, the performance
of the vacation ownership contract receivables, adverse conditions in the market for vacation ownership loan-backed notes and asset-backed notes in general and the risk that the actual amount of uncollectible accounts on our securitized vacation
ownership contract receivables and other credit we extend is greater than expected; 

•

 our securitizations contain portfolio performance triggers which, if violated, may result in a disruption or loss of cash flow from such transactions;

•

 a reduction in commitments from surety bond providers which may impair our vacation ownership business by requiring us to escrow cash in order to meet
regulatory requirements of certain states; 

34 

Table of Contents

•

 prohibitive cost and inadequate availability of capital could restrict the development or acquisition of vacation ownership resorts by us and the
financing of purchases of vacation ownership interests;

•

 the inability of hotel owners that have received mezzanine loans from us to pay back such loans; and 

•

 if interest rates increase significantly, we may not be able to increase the interest rate offered to finance purchases of vacation ownership interests
by the same amount of the increase. 

Economic conditions affecting the hospitality industry, the global economy and
credit markets generally may adversely affect our business and results of operations, our ability to obtain financing and/or securitize our receivables on reasonable and acceptable terms, the performance of our loan portfolio and the market price of
our common stock. 

The future economic environment for the hospitality industry and the global economy may continue to be
challenged. The hospitality industry has experienced and may continue to experience significant downturns in connection with, or in anticipation of, declines in general economic conditions. The current economy has been characterized by higher
unemployment, lower family income, lower business investment and lower consumer spending, leading to lower demand for hospitality services and products. Declines in consumer and commercial spending may adversely affect our revenues and profits.

Uncertainty in the equity and credit markets may negatively affect our ability to access short-term and long-term financing
on reasonable terms or at all, which would negatively impact our liquidity and financial condition. In addition, if one or more of the financial institutions that support our existing credit facilities fails, we may not be able to find a
replacement, which would negatively impact our ability to borrow under the credit facilities. Disruptions in the financial markets may adversely affect our credit rating and the market value of our common stock. If we are unable to refinance, if
necessary, our outstanding debt when due, our results of operations and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected. 

While we believe we have adequate sources of liquidity to meet our anticipated requirements for working capital, debt service and capital expenditures for the foreseeable future, if our cash flow or
capital resources prove inadequate we could face liquidity problems that could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our liquidity as it relates to our vacation ownership contract receivables securitization program could be adversely affected if we were to fail to renew or replace our securitization warehouse conduit
facility on its renewal date or if a particular receivables pool were to fail to meet certain ratios, which could occur in certain instances if the default rates or other credit metrics of the underlying vacation ownership contract receivables
deteriorate. Our ability to sell securities backed by our vacation ownership contract receivables depends on the continued ability and willingness of capital market participants to invest in such securities. It is possible that asset-backed
securities issued pursuant to our securitization programs could in the future be downgraded by credit agencies. If a downgrade occurs, our ability to complete other securitization transactions on acceptable terms or at all could be jeopardized, and
we could be forced to rely on other potentially more expensive and less attractive funding sources, to the extent available, which would decrease our profitability and may require us to adjust our business operations accordingly, including reducing
or suspending our financing to purchasers of vacation ownership interests. 

Our businesses are subject to extensive regulation and the cost
of compliance or failure to comply with such regulations may adversely affect us. 

Our businesses are heavily regulated by
federal, state and local governments in the countries in which our operations are conducted. In addition, domestic and foreign federal, state and local regulators may enact new laws and regulations that may reduce our revenues, cause our expenses to
increase and/or require us to modify substantially our business practices. If we are not in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including, 

35 

Table of Contents

among others, those governing franchising, timeshare, lending, information security and data privacy, marketing and sales, unfair and deceptive trade practices, telemarketing, licensing, labor,
employment, health care, health and safety, accessibility, immigration, gaming, environmental (including climate change), and regulations applicable under the Office of Foreign Asset Control and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (and local
equivalents in international jurisdictions), we may be subject to regulatory investigations or actions, fines, penalties and potential criminal prosecution. 

We are subject to risks related to corporate responsibility. 

Many factors
influence our reputation and the value of our brands including perceptions of us held by our key stakeholders and the communities in which we do business. Businesses face increasing scrutiny of the social and environmental impact of their actions
and there is a risk of damage to our reputation and the value of our brands if we fail to act responsibly or comply with regulatory requirements in a number of areas such as safety and security, sustainability, responsible tourism, environmental
management, human rights and support for local communities. 

We are dependent on our senior management. 

We believe that our future growth depends, in part, on the continued services of our senior management team. Losing the services of any
members of our senior management team could adversely affect our strategic and customer relationships and impede our ability to execute our business strategies. 

Our inability to adequately protect and maintain our intellectual property could adversely affect our business. 

Our inability to adequately protect and maintain our trademarks, trade dress and other intellectual property rights could adversely affect our business. We generate, maintain, utilize and enforce a
substantial portfolio of trademarks, trade dress and other intellectual property that are fundamental to the brands that we use in all of our businesses. There can be no assurance that the steps we take to protect our intellectual property will be
adequate. Any event that materially damages the reputation of one or more of our brands could have an adverse impact on the value of that brand and subsequent revenues from that brand. The value of any brand is influenced by a number of factors,
including consumer preference and perception and our failure to ensure compliance with brand standards. 

Disasters, disruptions and other
impairment of our information technologies and systems could adversely affect our business. 

Any disaster, disruption or
other impairment in our technology capabilities could harm our business. Our businesses depend upon the use of sophisticated information technologies and systems, including technology and systems utilized for reservation systems, vacation exchange
systems, hotel/property management, communications, procurement, member record databases, call centers, operation of our loyalty programs and administrative systems. The operation, maintenance and updating of these technologies and systems are
dependent upon internal and third-party technologies, systems and services for which there are no assurances of uninterrupted availability or adequate protection. 

Failure to maintain the security of personally identifiable and other information, non-compliance with our contractual or other legal obligations regarding such information, or a violation of the
Company’s privacy and security policies with respect to such information, could adversely affect us. 

In connection
with our business, we and our service providers collect and retain significant volumes of certain types of personally identifiable and other information pertaining to our customers, stockholders and employees. The legal, regulatory and contractual
environment surrounding information security and privacy is 

36 

Table of Contents

constantly evolving and the hospitality industry is under increasing attack by cyber-criminals in the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which we operate. A significant actual or potential theft,
loss, fraudulent use or misuse of customer, stockholder, employee or our data by cybercrime or otherwise, non-compliance with our contractual or other legal obligations regarding such data or a violation of our privacy and security policies
with respect to such data could adversely impact our reputation and could result in significant costs, fines, litigation or regulatory action against us. 

The market price of our shares may fluctuate. 

The market price of our
common stock may fluctuate depending upon many factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including our quarterly or annual earnings or those of other companies in our industry; actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results due
to seasonality and other factors related to our business; changes in accounting principles or rules; announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions or dispositions; the failure of securities analysts to cover our common stock;
changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates; the operating and stock price performance of comparable companies; overall market fluctuations; and general economic conditions. Stock markets in general
have experienced volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 

Your percentage ownership in Wyndham Worldwide may be diluted in the future. 

Your percentage ownership in Wyndham Worldwide may be diluted in the future because of equity awards that we expect will be granted over
time to our directors, officers and employees as well as due to the exercise of options. In addition, our Board may issue shares of our common and preferred stock, and debt securities convertible into shares of our common and preferred stock, up to
certain regulatory thresholds without shareholder approval. 

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and by-laws and under Delaware
law may prevent or delay an acquisition of our Company, which could impact the trading price of our common stock. 

Our
certificate of incorporation and by-laws and Delaware law contain provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive and to encourage prospective
acquirers to negotiate with our Board rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. These provisions include a Board of Directors that is divided into three classes with staggered terms; elimination of the right of our stockholders to act by written
consent; rules regarding how stockholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at stockholder meetings; the right of our Board to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval; and limitations on the right of stockholders to
remove directors. Delaware law also imposes restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15% or more of our outstanding shares of common stock. 

We cannot provide assurance that we will continue to pay dividends. 

There
can be no assurance that we will have sufficient surplus under Delaware law to be able to continue to pay dividends. This may result from extraordinary cash expenses, actual expenses exceeding contemplated costs, funding of capital expenditures,
increases in reserves or lack of available capital. Our Board of Directors may also suspend the payment of dividends if the Board deems such action to be in the best interests of the Company or stockholders. If we do not pay dividends, the price of
our common stock must appreciate for you to realize a gain on your investment in Wyndham Worldwide. This appreciation may not occur and our stock may in fact depreciate in value. 

37 

Table of Contents

We are responsible for certain of Cendant’s contingent and other corporate liabilities.

Under the separation agreement and the tax sharing agreement that we executed with Cendant (now Avis Budget Group) and
former Cendant units, Realogy and Travelport, we and Realogy generally are responsible for 37.5% and 62.5%, respectively, of certain of Cendant’s contingent and other corporate liabilities and associated costs, including certain contingent and
other corporate liabilities of Cendant and/or its subsidiaries to the extent incurred on or prior to August 23, 2006, including liabilities relating to certain of Cendant’s terminated or divested businesses, the Travelport sale, the
Cendant litigation described in this report, actions with respect to the separation plan and payments under certain contracts that were not allocated to any specific party in connection with the separation. 

If any party responsible for the liabilities described above were to default on its obligations, each non-defaulting party (including
Avis Budget) would be required to pay an equal portion of the amounts in default. Accordingly, we could, under certain circumstances, be obligated to pay amounts in excess of our share of the assumed obligations related to such liabilities including
associated costs. On or about April 10, 2007, Realogy Corporation was acquired by affiliates of Apollo Management VI, L.P. and its stock is no longer publicly traded. The acquisition does not negate Realogy’s obligation to satisfy 62.5% of
such contingent and other corporate liabilities of Cendant or its subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of the separation agreement. As a result of the acquisition, however, Realogy has greater debt obligations and its ability to satisfy its portion of
these liabilities may be adversely impacted. In accordance with the terms of the separation agreement, Realogy posted a letter of credit in April 2007 for our and Cendant’s benefit to cover its estimated share of the assumed liabilities
discussed above, although there can be no assurance that such letter of credit will be sufficient to cover Realogy’s actual obligations if and when they arise. 

We may be required to write-off all or a portion of the remaining value of our goodwill or other intangibles of companies we have acquired. 

Under generally accepted accounting principles, we review our intangible assets, including goodwill, for impairment at least annually or
when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances, indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill or other intangible assets may not be
recoverable, include a sustained decline in our stock price and market capitalization, reduced future cash flow estimates and slower growth rates in our industry. We may be required to record a significant non-cash impairment charge in our financial
statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or other intangible assets is determined, negatively impacting our results of operations and stockholders’ equity.