You should
carefully consider the risk factors set forth below, as well as the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, regarding matters which could have an adverse effect, including a material one, on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows. 

Risks Related to our Business 

The loss of Stephen A. Wynn could significantly harm our business. 

Our ability to maintain our competitive position is dependent to a large degree on the efforts, skills and reputation of Stephen A. Wynn,
the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and one of the principal stockholders of Wynn Resorts. Mr. Wynn’s employment agreement expires in October 2020. However, we cannot assure you that Mr. Wynn will remain with Wynn
Resorts, Limited. If we lose the services of Mr. Wynn, or if he is unable to devote sufficient attention to our operations for any other reason, our business may be significantly impaired. 

Visitation to Macau may decline due to economic disruptions in mainland China as well as increased restrictions on visitations to
Macau from citizens of mainland China. 

A significant number of our gaming customers at Wynn Macau come from mainland
China. Any economic disruption or contraction in China could disrupt the number of patrons visiting our property or the amount they may be willing to spend. In addition, any travel restrictions imposed by China on its citizens could disrupt the
number of visitors from mainland China to our property. It is not known when, or if, policies similar to those implemented in 2009 restricting visitation by mainland Chinese citizens to Macau and Hong Kong, will be put in place and travel policies
may be adjusted, without notice, in the future. The resulting decreased visitation would negatively affect our revenues and results of operations. 

18 

Table of Contents

Potential violations of law by Mr. Okada (former director and formerly the
largest beneficial owner of our shares) and his affiliates could have adverse consequences to the Company. 

On
February 18, 2012, the Board of Directors of Wynn Resorts received a report from Freeh, Sporkin & Sullivan, LLP detailing numerous instances of conduct constituting prima facie violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the
“FCPA”) by Kazuo Okada (formerly the largest beneficial owner of our shares) and certain of his affiliates. See Item 3—“Legal Proceedings” and Item 8—“Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”,
Note 16 “Commitments and Contingencies.” The Company has provided the Freeh Report to applicable regulators and has been cooperating with related investigations of such regulators. The conduct of Mr. Okada and his affiliates and the
outcome of any resulting regulatory findings could have adverse consequences to the Company. A finding by regulatory authorities that Mr. Okada violated the FCPA on Company property and/or otherwise involved the Company in criminal or civil
violations could result in actions by regulatory authorities against the Company. Relatedly, regulators have and may pursue separate investigations into the Company’s compliance with applicable laws in connection with the Okada matter, as
discussed in Item 3—“Legal Proceedings”. While the Company believes that it is in full compliance with all applicable laws, any such investigations could result in actions by regulators against the Company, which could negatively
affect the Company’s financial condition or results of operations. 

Mr. Okada and his affiliates have
challenged the redemption of Aruze USA, Inc.’s Shares. An adverse judgment or settlement resulting from the related litigation could reduce our profits or limit our ability to operate our business. 

On February 18, 2012, after receiving the Freeh Report, the Board of Directors of Wynn Resorts determined that Aruze USA, Inc.,
Universal Entertainment Corporation and Mr. Kazuo Okada (collectively, the “Okada Parties”) were “unsuitable” within the meaning of Article VII of Wynn Resorts’ articles of incorporation and redeemed all of Aruze USA,
Inc.’s shares of Wynn Resorts’ common stock. See Item 3—“Legal Proceedings” and Item 8—“Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”, Note 16 “Commitments and Contingencies”. On
February 19, 2012, Wynn Resorts filed a complaint in the Eighth Judicial District Court, Clark County, Nevada against the Okada Parties (as amended, the “Complaint”), alleging breaches of fiduciary duty and related claims (the
“Redemption Action”) arising from the activities addressed in the Freeh Report. The Company is seeking compensatory and special damages as well as a declaration that it acted lawfully and in full compliance with its articles of
incorporation, bylaws and other governing documents in redeeming and cancelling the shares of Aruze, USA, Inc. On March 12, 2012, the Okada Parties filed an answer denying the claims and a counterclaim (as amended, the “Counterclaim”)
against the Company, each of the members of the Company’s Board of Directors (other than Mr. Okada) and Wynn Resorts’ General Counsel (collectively, the “Wynn Parties”), seeking, among other things a declaration that the
redemption of Aruze USA, Inc.’s shares was void, an injunction restoring Aruze USA, Inc.’s share ownership, damages in an unspecified amount and rescission of the Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, dated as of January 6,
2010, by and among Aruze USA, Inc., Stephen A. Wynn, and Elaine Wynn (the “Stockholders Agreement”). In connection with the Redemption Action and Counterclaim (1) various Okada Parties filed a complaint in the Tokyo District Court
against the Company, all members of the Board (other than Mr. Okada) and the Company’s General Counsel alleging that the press release issued by the Company in connection with the Redemption Action has damaged their social evaluation and
credibility and seeking damages and legal fees, (2) four federal derivative actions were commenced against the Company and all members of its Board of Directors, (3) two state derivative actions were commenced against the Company and all
members of its Board of Directors and (4) regulatory inquiries and investigations were initiated against the Company. See Item 3—“Legal Proceedings”, for a full description of these matters and status as of the date of this
report. The Company is vigorously pursuing its claims against the Okada Parties, and together with the other counter-defendants, vigorously defending against the Counterclaims and other actions asserted against them. However, as with all litigation,
the outcome of these proceedings cannot be predicted. Any adverse judgments or settlements involving payment of a material sum of money could cause a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and could expose us to
additional claims by third parties, including current or former investors or regulators. Any adverse judgments or settlements would reduce our profits and could limit our ability to operate our business. 

19 

Table of Contents

Change in valuation of our Redemption Price Promissory Note could have a negative
impact on our results of operations.

In connection with the redemption of the shares previously held by Aruze USA,
Inc., we recorded the fair value of the Redemption Note of approximately $1.94 billion in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. We utilized an independent third party valuation to assist in the determination of this fair value. In
determining this fair value, we estimated the Redemption Note’s present value using discounted cash flows with a probability weighted expected return for redemption assumptions and a discount rate which included time value and non-performance
risk adjustments commensurate with risk of the Redemption Note. 

Considerations for the redemption assumptions included the
stated maturity of the Redemption Note, uncertainty of the related cash flows as well as potential effects of the following: uncertainties surrounding the potential outcome and timing of pending litigation with the Okada Parties (see
Item 8—“Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”, Note 16—“Commitments and Contingencies”); the outcome of on-going investigations of Aruze USA, Inc. by the United States Attorney’s Office, the U.S.
Department of Justice and by the Nevada Gaming Control Board; and other potential legal and regulatory actions. In addition, in the furtherance of various future business objectives, we considered our ability, at our sole option, to prepay the
Redemption Note at any time in accordance with its terms without penalty. Accordingly, we reasonably determined that the estimated life of the Redemption Note could be less than the contractual life of the Redemption Note.

In determination of the appropriate discount rate to be used in the estimated present value, the Redemption Note’s subordinated
position relative to all other debt in our capital structure and credit ratings associated our traded debt were considered. Observable inputs for the risk free rate based on Federal Reserve rates for U.S. Treasury securities and credit risk spread
based on a yield curve index of similarly rated debt was used. As a result of this analysis, we concluded the Redemption Notes’ stated rate of 2% approximated a market rate. 

A change in any of the assumptions discussed above could result in a change in the fair value of this Redemption Note and significantly
impact our results of operations. 

Ongoing litigation and other disputes with Mr. Okada and certain of his
affiliates could distract management and result in negative publicity and additional scrutiny of regulators. 

There has
been widespread publicity of the findings in the Freeh Report of prima facie violations of law by Mr. Okada and his affiliates, the Board’s unsuitability finding, the redemption of shares and related litigation. The actions, litigation,
and publicity could reduce demand for shares of Wynn Resorts and Wynn Macau, Limited and thereby have a negative impact on the trading prices of their respective shares. The disputes may also lead to additional scrutiny from regulators, which could
lead to investigations relating to, and possibly a negative impact on, the Company’s gaming licenses, and possibly have a negative impact on the Company’s ability to bid successfully for new gaming market opportunities. 

Any violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or applicable Anti-Money Laundering laws or regulations could have a negative
impact on us. 

A significant portion of our revenue is derived from operations outside the United States, which exposes
the Company to complex foreign and U.S. regulations inherent in doing business cross-border and in each of the countries in which it transacts business. We also deal with significant amounts of cash in our operations and are subject to various
reporting and anti-money laundering regulations. Any violation of anti-money laundering laws or regulations by any of our resorts could have a negative effect on our results of operations. Compliance with international and U.S. laws and regulations
that apply to our international operations also increases our cost of doing business in foreign jurisdictions. 

20 

Table of Contents

We are subject to regulations imposed by the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws that
generally prohibit U.S. companies and their intermediaries from offering, promising, authorizing or making improper payments to foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Violations of the FCPA and other
anti-corruption laws may result in severe criminal and civil sanctions as well as other penalties and the SEC and U.S. Department of Justice have increased their enforcement activities with respect to the FCPA. 

Internal control policies and procedures and employee training and compliance programs that we have implemented to deter prohibited
practices may not be effective in prohibiting our directors, employees, contractors or agents from violating or circumventing our policies and the law. If our directors, employees or agents fail to comply with applicable laws or Company policies
governing our international operations, the Company may face investigations, prosecutions and other legal proceedings and actions which could result in civil penalties, administrative remedies and criminal sanctions. Any future government
investigations, prosecutions or other legal proceedings or actions, however, could have a negative impact on us. 

Kazuo Okada,
one of our former directors, failed to comply with internal training in these matters and failed to return to the Company an executed Acknowledgment agreeing to comply with the Company’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. For additional
information on the Freeh Report, which detailed numerous instances of conduct constituting prima facie violations of the FCPA by Mr. Okada and certain of his affiliates, and the redemption of Aruze USA, Inc.’s shares, see
Item 8—“Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”, Note 16 “Commitments and Contingencies.” On February 19, 2012, the Company filed a complaint in Nevada state court against Mr. Okada and other entities
alleging, among other things, breach of fiduciary duty in connection with alleged violations of the FCPA. For a detailed description of the legal proceedings between the Company and Mr. Okada and his affiliates, see Item 3—“Legal
Proceedings.” 

Our business is particularly sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer and corporate
spending as a result of downturns in the economy. 

Consumer demand for hotel/casino resorts, trade shows and
conventions and for the type of luxury amenities that we offer is particularly sensitive to downturns in the economy which adversely impact discretionary spending on leisure activities. Changes in discretionary consumer spending or consumer
preferences brought about by factors such as perceived or actual general economic conditions, high unemployment, the housing foreclosure crisis, perceived or actual changes in disposable consumer income and wealth, an economic recession and changes
in consumer confidence in the economy, or fears of war and future acts of terrorism could reduce customer demand for the luxury amenities and leisure activities we offer, and may have a significant negative impact on our operating results.

Our casino, hotel, convention and other facilities face intense competition, which may increase in the future.

The casino/hotel industry is highly competitive. Resorts located on or near the Las Vegas Strip compete with other Las
Vegas Strip hotels and with other hotel casinos in Las Vegas on the basis of overall atmosphere, range of amenities, level of service, price, location, entertainment, theme and size, among other factors. 

Wynn Las Vegas also competes with other hotel/casino facilities in other cities. The proliferation of gaming activities in other areas
could significantly harm our business as well. In particular, the legalization or expansion of casino gaming in or near metropolitan areas from which we attract customers could have a negative effect on our business. In addition, new or renovated
casinos in Macau or elsewhere in Asia could draw Asian gaming customers away from our Las Vegas Operations. 

Our Macau
operations also face intense competition. Currently there are 35 operating casinos in Macau. We hold a concession under one of only three gaming concessions and three subconcessions authorized by the Macau government to operate casinos in Macau. The
Macau government has had the ability to grant additional gaming 

21 

Table of Contents

concessions since April 2009. If the Macau government were to allow additional competitors to operate in Macau through the grant of additional concessions or subconcessions, we would face
additional competition, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Current concessionaries and subconcessionaires can open additional facilities. 

Our Macau resort complex also faces competition from casinos located in other areas of Asia, including the Marina Bay Sands and Resorts
World Sentosa resorts operating in Singapore, Genting Highlands Resort, a major gaming and resort destination located outside of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, and casinos in the Philippines. We also encounter competition from other major gaming centers
located around the world, including Australia and Las Vegas, cruise ships in Asia that offer gaming, and other casinos throughout Asia. Further, if current efforts to legalize gaming in other Asian countries are successful, our Wynn Macau resort
will face additional regional competition. 

We are entirely dependent on a limited number of resorts for all of our cash
flow, which subjects us to greater risks than a gaming company with more operating properties. 

We are entirely
dependent upon our Macau Operations and Las Vegas Operations for all of our operating cash flow. As a result, we are subject to a greater degree of risk than a gaming company with more operating properties or greater geographic diversification. The
risks to which we have a greater degree of exposure include the following: 

•

 local economic and competitive conditions; 

•

 changes in local and state governmental laws and regulations, including gaming laws and regulations; 

•

 natural and other disasters; 

•

 a decline in the number of visitors to Las Vegas or Macau; 

•

 a decrease in gaming and non-casino activities at our resorts; and 

•

 the outbreak of infectious diseases. 

Any of the factors outlined above could negatively affect our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to make payments or maintain our covenants with respect to our debt. 

Development costs of Wynn Palace may be higher than expected. 

The total project budget, including construction costs, capitalized interest, pre-opening expenses, land costs and financing fees, is
$4 billion. 

These projected development costs reflect our best estimates and the actual development costs may be higher
than expected. Owners’ contingencies that have been set aside to cover cost overruns may be insufficient to cover the full amount of such overruns. If these contingencies are not sufficient to cover these costs, we may not have the funds
required to pay the excess costs and Wynn Palace may not be completed. Failure to complete Wynn Palace would negatively affect our financial condition, our results of operations and our ability to pay our debt. 

There are significant risks associated with the construction of Wynn Palace, which could have an adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows from this planned facility. 

Major construction projects of the scope
and scale of Wynn Palace entail significant risks, including: 

•

 shortages of materials or skilled labor; 

•

 unforeseen engineering, environmental and/or geological problems; 

22 

Table of Contents

•

 work stoppages; 

•

 delays or interference from severe weather or natural disasters; 

•

 unanticipated cost increases; and 

•

 unavailability of construction equipment. 

Construction, equipment or staffing problems or difficulties in obtaining any of the requisite licenses, permits and authorizations from regulatory authorities could increase the total cost, delay or
prevent the construction or opening or otherwise affect the design and features of Wynn Palace. 

We anticipate that only some
of the subcontractors engaged for these projects will post bonds guaranteeing timely completion of the subcontractor’s work and payment for all of that subcontractor’s labor and materials. These bonds may not be adequate to ensure
completion of the work. 

Our Wynn Palace facility may not commence operations on schedule and construction costs for this
project may exceed budgeted amounts. Failure to complete this project on schedule or within budget may have a significant negative effect on us and on our ability to make payments on our debt. 

Our business relies on high-end, international customers. We often extend credit, and we may not be able to collect gaming
receivables from our credit players or credit play may decrease. 

General.
 A significant portion of our
table games revenue at our resorts is attributable to the play of a limited number of international customers. The loss or a reduction in the play of the most significant of these customers could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cashflows. A downturn in economic conditions in the countries in which these customers reside could cause a further reduction in the frequency of visits by and revenue generated from these customers.

We conduct our gaming activities on a credit as well as a cash basis. This credit is unsecured. We will extend credit to
those customers whose level of play and financial resources, in the opinion of management, warrant such an extension. The collectability of receivables from international customers could be negatively affected by future business or economic trends
or by significant events in the countries in which these customers reside. 

In addition, premium gaming is more volatile than
other forms of gaming, and variances in win-loss results attributable to high-end gaming may have a positive or negative impact on cash flow and earnings in a particular quarter. 

Wynn Las Vegas.
 While gaming debts evidenced by a credit instrument, including what is commonly referred to as a
“marker,” are enforceable under the current laws of Nevada, and judgments on gaming debts are enforceable in all states of the United States under the Full Faith and Credit Clause of the United States Constitution, other jurisdictions may
determine that direct or indirect enforcement of gaming debts is against public policy. Although courts of some foreign nations will enforce gaming debts directly and the assets in the United States of foreign debtors may be used to satisfy a
judgment, judgments on gaming debts from U.S. courts are not binding on the courts of many foreign nations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to collect the full amount of gaming debts owed to us, even in jurisdictions that enforce them.
Recent changes in economic conditions may make it more difficult to assess creditworthiness and more difficult to collect the full amount of any gaming debt owed to us. Our inability to collect gaming debts could have a significant negative impact
on our operating results. 

Wynn Macau.
 Although the law in Macau permits casino operators to extend credit to
gaming customers, Wynn Macau may not be able to collect all of its gaming receivables from its credit players. We expect that Wynn Macau will be able to enforce these obligations only in a limited number of jurisdictions, including

23 

Table of Contents

Macau. To the extent our gaming customers are visitors from other jurisdictions, we may not have access to a forum in which we will be able to collect all of our gaming receivables because, among
other reasons, courts of many jurisdictions do not enforce gaming debts and we may encounter forums that will refuse to enforce such debts. Our inability to collect gaming debts could have a significant negative impact on our operating results.

Currently, the gaming tax in Macau is calculated as a percentage of gross gaming revenue. However, unlike Nevada, the gross
gaming revenue calculation in Macau does not include deductions for uncollectible gaming debts. As a result, if we extend credit to our customers in Macau and are unable to collect on the related receivables from them, we remain obligated to pay
taxes on our winnings from these customers. 

We are subject to extensive state and local regulation and licensing and
gaming authorities have significant control over our operations. The cost of compliance or failure to comply with such regulations and authorities could have a negative effect on our business. 

The operations of our resorts are contingent upon our obtaining and maintaining all necessary licenses, permits, approvals, registrations,
findings of suitability, orders and authorizations in the jurisdictions in which our resorts are located. The laws, regulations and ordinances requiring these licenses, permits and other approvals generally relate to the responsibility, financial
stability and character of the owners and managers of gaming operations, as well as persons financially interested or involved in gaming operations. The Nevada Gaming Commission may require the holder of any debt or securities we or Wynn Las Vegas
issue to file applications, be investigated and be found suitable to own Wynn Resorts’ securities if it has reason to believe that the security ownership would be inconsistent with the declared policies of the State of Nevada. 

The Company’s articles of incorporation also provide that, to the extent required by the gaming authority making the determination
of unsuitability or to the extent the Board of Directors determines, in its sole discretion, that a person is likely to jeopardize the Company’s or any affiliate’s application for, receipt of, approval for, right to the use of, or
entitlement to, any gaming license, shares of Wynn Resorts’ capital stock that are owned or controlled by an unsuitable person or its affiliates are subject to redemption by Wynn Resorts. The redemption price may be paid in cash, by promissory
note, or both, as required, and pursuant to the terms established by, the applicable gaming authority and, if not, as Wynn Resorts elects. 

On February 18, 2012, the Board of Directors of Wynn Resorts received the Freeh Report. See Item 3—“Legal Proceedings”, and Item 8—“Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data”, Note 16 “Commitments and Contingencies.” After receiving the Freeh Report, the Board of Directors of Wynn Resorts determined that Aruze USA, Inc., Universal Entertainment Corporation and Mr. Okada were
“unsuitable” within the meaning of Article VII of Wynn Resorts’ articles of incorporation and redeemed all of Aruze USA, Inc.’s shares of Wynn Resorts’ common stock. See Item 3—“Legal Proceedings” and
Item 8—“Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”, Note 16 “Commitments and Contingencies”. 

Nevada regulatory authorities also have broad powers to request detailed financial and other information, to limit, condition, suspend or
revoke a registration, gaming license or related approvals, approve changes in our operations and levy fines or require forfeiture of assets for violations of gaming laws or regulations. Complying with gaming laws, regulations and license
requirements is costly. Any change in the Nevada laws, regulations or licenses applicable to our business or a violation of any current or future laws or regulations applicable to our business or gaming licenses could require us to make substantial
expenditures and forfeit assets, and would negatively affect our gaming operations. 

Wynn Macau’s operations are subject
to unique risks. Failure to adhere to the regulatory and gaming environment in Macau could result in the revocation of Wynn Macau’s concession or otherwise negatively affect its operations in Macau. Moreover, we are subject to the risk that
U.S. regulators could determine that Macau’s gaming regulatory framework has not developed in a way that would permit us to conduct operations in Macau in a manner consistent with the way in which we intend, or the Nevada gaming authorities
require us, to conduct our operations in the United States. 

24 

Table of Contents

Our information technology and other systems are subject to cyber security risk
including misappropriation of customer information or other breaches of information security. 

We rely on information
technology and other systems to maintain and transmit customer financial information, credit card settlements, credit card funds transmissions, mailing lists and reservations information. The systems and processes we have implemented to protect
customers, employees and company information are subject to the ever-changing risk of compromised security. These risks include cyber and physical security breaches, system failure, computer viruses, and negligent or intentional misuse by
customers, company employees, or employees of third party vendors. The steps we take to deter and mitigate these risks may not be successful and our insurance coverage for protecting against cybersecurity risks may not be sufficient. Any
disruption, compromise or loss of data or systems that results from a cybersecurity attack or breach could materially adversely impact, operations or regulatory compliance and could result in remedial expenses, fines, litigation, and loss of
reputation, potentially impacting our financial results. 

Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all
possible losses that we could suffer, including losses resulting from terrorism, and our insurance costs may increase. 

We have comprehensive property and liability insurance policies for our properties with coverage features and insured limits that we
believe are customary in their breadth and scope. However, in the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage we carry may not be sufficient to pay the full market value or replacement cost of our lost investment or could result in certain
losses being totally uninsured. As a result, we could lose some or all of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the property, and we could remain obligated for debt or other financial obligations
related to the property. 

Market forces beyond our control may limit the scope of the insurance coverage we can obtain in the
future or our ability to obtain coverage at reasonable rates. Certain catastrophic losses may be uninsurable or too expensive to justify obtaining insurance. As a result, if we suffer such a catastrophic loss, we may not be successful in obtaining
future insurance without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels. Furthermore, our debt instruments and other material agreements require us to maintain a certain minimum level of insurance. Failure to satisfy these requirements could
result in an event of default under these debt instruments or material agreements, which would negatively affect our business and financial condition. 

Our business is particularly sensitive to the willingness of our customers to travel. Acts of terrorism, regional political events and developments in the conflicts in certain countries could cause
severe disruptions in air travel that reduce the number of visitors to our facilities, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

We are dependent on the willingness of our customers to travel. Only a small amount of our business is and will be generated by local
residents. Most of our customers travel to reach our Las Vegas and Macau properties. Acts of terrorism may severely disrupt domestic and international travel, which would result in a decrease in customer visits to Las Vegas and Macau, including our