Concerning the
Steel Industry 

Steel consumption is cyclical and worldwide overcapacity in the
steel industry and the availability of alternative products have resulted in intense competition, which may have an adverse effect on profitability and cash flow. 

Steel consumption is highly cyclical and generally follows general economic and industrial conditions both worldwide and in regional markets. The steel industry has
historically been characterized by excess world supply, which has led to substantial price decreases during periods of economic weakness. Future economic downturns could decrease the demand for our products. Substitute materials are increasingly
available for many steel products, which further reduces demand for steel. 

Rapidly
growing supply in China and other developing economies, which may increase faster than increases in demand, may result in additional excess worldwide capacity and falling steel prices. 

Over the last several years, steel consumption in China and other developing economies has increased at
a rapid pace. Steel companies have responded by developing plans to rapidly increase steel production capability in these countries. Steel production, especially in China, has been expanding rapidly and appears to be well in excess of 

25 

Table of Contents

Chinese demand. Because China is now the largest worldwide steel producer by a significant margin, any significant excess Chinese capacity could have a major impact on
world steel trade and prices if this excess and subsidized production is exported to other markets. 

Increased imports of steel products into North America and Europe could negatively affect steel prices and demand levels and reduce our profitability. 

Steel imports to the United States accounted for an estimated 26 percent of the domestic steel market in 2007, 31 percent in 2006 and
25 percent in 2005. Foreign competitors may have lower labor costs, and some are owned, controlled or subsidized by their governments, which allows their production and pricing decisions to be influenced by political and economic policy
considerations as well as prevailing market conditions. The recent expiration of a number of antidumping and countervailing duty orders may facilitate additional imports. 

Steel imports to Canada have accounted for over half of the Canadian market for flat-rolled steel products since 2005, representing 52 percent of the flat-rolled
steel market in the first nine months of 2007, 53 percent in 2006 and 51 percent in 2005. 

The flat-rolled steel market in Europe has become extremely attractive for imports in the last two years. Total imports of flat-rolled carbon steel products to the EU27 rose by 72 percent in 2006 compared to 2005, and by 21 percent in 2007
compared to 2006. Imports of galvanized sheets to the EU27 increased by 74 percent in 2007 compared to 2006, while imports of galvanized sheets from China to the EU27 increased by 136 percent during the same period. 

Increases in future levels of imported steel to North America and Europe could reduce future market
prices and demand levels for steel products in those markets. 

Imports into the United
States, Canada and the European Union have often violated the international trade laws of these jurisdictions. While in some cases U. S. Steel and others have been successful in obtaining relief under these laws, in other circumstances
relief has not been received. When received, such relief is generally subject to automatic or discretionary recision or reduction. There can be no assurance that any such relief will be obtained or continued in the future or that such relief as may
be obtained will be adequate. 

Increases in prices and limited availability of raw
materials and energy may constrain operating levels and reduce profit margins. 

Steel producers require large amounts of raw materials – iron ore or other iron containing material, steel scrap, coke, coal, zinc, tin and other metallic additions for integrated producers such as U. S. Steel, and scrap, zinc and
other metallic additions for mini-mill producers. Both integrated and mini-mill producers consume large amounts of energy. Over the last several years, prices for raw materials and energy have increased significantly. In many cases these price
increases have been a greater percentage than price increases for the sale of steel products. 

U. S. Steel and other steel producers have periodically been faced with problems in obtaining sufficient raw materials and energy in a timely manner due to shortages or transportation problems (such as shortages of barges, ocean
vessels, rail cars or trucks, or unavailability of rail lines or of locks on the Great Lakes), resulting in production curtailments. USSS is dependent upon availability of natural gas in Serbia, which is dependent upon a single pipeline. Serbia has
experienced major curtailments during periods of peak demand in Eastern Europe and Russia. These production curtailments and escalated costs have reduced profit margins and may do so in the future. 

Environmental compliance and remediation could result in substantially increased capital
requirements and operating costs. 

Steel producers in the United States are
subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. These laws continue to evolve and are becoming increasingly stringent. The ultimate impact of complying with such laws and regulations
is not always clearly known or determinable because regulations under some of these laws have not yet been promulgated or are undergoing revision. Environmental laws and regulations, particularly the Clean Air Act, could result in substantially
increased capital, operating and compliance costs. 

26 

Table of Contents

International environmental requirements vary. While standards in the European Union, Canada and Japan are generally comparable to
U.S. standards, other nations have substantially lesser requirements that may give competitors in such nations a competitive advantage. 

Risk Factors Concerning U. S. Steel Legacy Obligations 

Many lawsuits have been filed against U. S. Steel involving asbestos-related injuries, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of
operations and cash flow. 

U. S. Steel is a defendant in a large number
of cases in which approximately 3,000 claimants actively allege a variety of respiratory and other diseases based on alleged exposure to asbestos. It is possible that we may experience large judgments against us in the future that could have an
impact upon the number of future claims filed against us and on the amount of future settlements, which would have an adverse impact on our profitability and cash flow. 

Our retiree employee health care and retiree life insurance plan costs, most of which are unfunded obligations, and our pension plan costs in North America are
higher than those of many of our competitors. These plans create a competitive disadvantage and negatively affect our profitability and cash flow. 

We maintain defined benefit retiree health care and life insurance and defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans covering most of our North American employees and
former employees upon their retirement. As of December 31, 2007, approximately 134,000 current employees, retirees and beneficiaries are participating in the plans to receive pension and/or medical benefits. U. S. Steel’s benefit
obligations for retiree medical and life insurance (other benefits) exceeded trust assets by $2.9 billion at year-end 2007. Of this underfunding, $1.1 billion was assumed with the Stelco acquisition. Most of our other benefits and pension benefits
are subject to collective bargaining agreements with unionized workforces and will be subject to future negotiations. Minimum contributions to the main qualified pension plan are controlled under ERISA and other government regulations. In connection
with the Stelco acquisition, U. S. Steel guaranteed Stelco’s pension funding obligations under an agreement entered into by Stelco and the Province of Ontario. In 2008, contributions totaling $78 million will be required under this agreement.
The net underfunded status of our Canadian defined benefit pension plans at December 31, 2007 was $347 million. Substantial cash contributions will be required to fund other benefits and pension benefits. Total costs for pension plans and other
benefits are expected to be approximately $200 million in 2008. 

Many domestic and
international competitors do not provide defined benefit retiree health care and life insurance and pension plans, and other international competitors operate in jurisdictions with government sponsored health care plans that may offer them a cost
advantage. Several domestic competitors provide defined contribution health care and pension plans with contributions increased based upon profitability. This will provide these competitors with a significant competitive advantage during periods of
low profits. 

U. S. Steel contributes to a multiemployer plan in the United
States covering pensions for USW represented workers formerly employed by National Steel and workers hired after May 2003. We have legal and contractual requirements for future funding of this plan, which will have a negative effect on our cash
flows. In addition, funding requirements for participants could increase as a result of any underfunding of this plan. 

We have higher environmental remediation costs than our competitors. This creates a competitive disadvantage and negatively affects our profitability and cash flow. 

U. S. Steel is involved in numerous remediation projects at currently operating
facilities, facilities that have been closed or sold to third parties and other sites where material generated by U. S. Steel was deposited. In addition, there are numerous other former operating or disposal sites that could become the
subject of remediation. 

Environmental remediation costs and related cash requirements of
many of our competitors may be substantially less than ours. Many international competitors do not face similar laws in the jurisdictions where they operate. Many U.S. competitors have substantially shorter operating histories than we do, resulting
in less exposure for environmental remediation. Competitors that have obtained relief under bankruptcy laws may have been released from certain environmental obligations that existed prior to the bankruptcy filing. 

27 

Table of Contents

Other Risk Factors Applicable to U. S. Steel 

Unplanned equipment outages and other unforeseen disruptions may reduce our results of operations. 

Our steel production depends on the operation of critical pieces of equipment, such as blast furnaces,
casters and hot strip mills. It is possible that we could experience prolonged periods of reduced production due to equipment failures at our facilities or those of our key suppliers. It is also possible that operations may be disrupted due to other
unforeseen circumstances such as power outages, explosions, fires, floods, accidents and severe weather conditions. Availability of raw materials and delivery of products to customers could be affected by logistical disruptions (such as shortages of
barges, ocean vessels, rail cars or trucks, or unavailability of rail lines or of locks on the Great Lakes). To the extent that lost production could not be compensated for at unaffected facilities and depending on the length of the outage, our
sales and our unit production costs could be adversely affected. USSE’s shipments in the fourth quarter of 2007 were reduced by outbound rail transportation service disruptions. 

We may be unable to recover cost increases as we supply customers with steel under long-term fixed price sales contracts. 

Historically approximately 50 percent of U. S. Steel’s flat-rolled product sales in the United
States have been based on sales contracts with durations of at least one year. These contracts generally have a fixed price or a price that will fluctuate with changes in a defined index. To the extent that raw materials, energy, labor or other
costs increase over the terms of the various contracts, U. S. Steel may not be able to recover these cost increases from customers with fixed price agreements. While U. S. Steel may from time to time enter into forward purchase contracts to
establish future prices for a portion of our requirements, we would remain at risk for our remaining requirements and would create another risk in the event that future prices decline below the prices that the forward purchases have established.

Customer payment defaults could have an adverse effect on our financial position,
results of operations and cash flow. 

Many of our customers operate in cyclical
industries such as oil and gas, service center, conversion, automotive and appliance, and could experience financial difficulties in times of economic downturn. In some cases, these difficulties may result in bankruptcy filings or cessation of
operations. If customers experiencing financial problems default on paying amounts owed to us, we may not be able to collect these amounts or recognize expected revenue. Any material payment defaults by our customers could have an adverse effect on
our results of operations and financial condition. Also, a material payment default could cause a mandatory repayment or a reduction in the amount of receivables eligible for sale, under our receivables sale program. The Lone Star and Stelco
acquisitions have increased our exposure to customers in many of these cyclical industries. 

The terms of our indebtedness contain provisions that may limit our flexibility. 

In 2007, we entered into a five-year $750 million revolving credit facility (Credit Facility) and five-year and three-year term loan facilities both in the amount of $500 million (Term Loan Facilities). These facilities include
an interest coverage ratio (consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) to consolidated interest expense) covenant of 2:1 and a leverage ratio (consolidated debt to consolidated EBITDA) covenant of 3.25:1. We
also issued $1.6 billion of Senior Notes in 2007 that contain covenants restricting our ability to create liens and engage in sale-leasebacks and requiring the repurchase of the Senior Notes upon a change of control under specified
circumstances, as well as other customary provisions. Compliance with these covenants will depend upon future operating results and other factors that are at least partially outside of our control. These covenants may affect our ability to operate
our business and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities. 

Rating agencies may downgrade our credit ratings, which would make it more difficult for us to raise capital and would increase our financial costs. 

Any downgrade in our credit ratings may make raising capital more difficult, may increase the cost and affect the terms of future borrowings, may affect the terms
under which we purchase goods and services, and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities. 

28 

Table of Contents

“Change in control” clauses may require us to immediately purchase or repay debt. 

Upon the occurrence of “change in control” events specified in our Senior Notes, Credit
Facility, Term Loan Facilities, and various other contracts and leases, the holders of our indebtedness may require us to immediately purchase or repay that debt on less than favorable terms. We may not have the financial resources to make these
purchases and repayments, and a failure to repurchase or repay such indebtedness would trigger cross-acceleration clauses under the Senior Notes and other indebtedness. 

Our foreign operations expose us to uncertainties and risks, which could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flow. 

USSK, located in Slovakia, USSS, located in Serbia, and USSC, located in Canada, constitute
39 percent of our total raw steel production capability. Both USSK and USSS are subject to economic conditions and political factors in Europe, which if changed could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flow. USSC is subject to
economic conditions and political factors in Canada, which if changed could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flow. Political factors include, but are not limited to, taxation, nationalization, inflation, government instability,
civil unrest, increased regulation and quotas, tariffs and other protectionist measures. 

Any future foreign acquisitions would expose us to similar risks. 

We are
subject to significant foreign currency risks, which could negatively impact our profitability and cash flows. 

Our foreign operations accounted for approximately 30 percent of our net sales in 2007. The financial condition and results of operations of USSK, USSS and USSC are reported in
various foreign currencies and then translated into U.S. dollars at the applicable exchange rate for inclusion in our financial statements. The appreciation of the U.S. dollar against these foreign currencies could have a negative impact on our
consolidated profitability. 

In addition, the Stelco acquisition was funded from the
United States, as well as through the reinvestment of undistributed foreign earnings from USSE, creating intercompany monetary assets and liabilities in different functional currencies, which can have a non-cash impact on income when they are
remeasured at the end of each quarter. A $1.2 billion U.S. dollar-denominated intercompany loan to a European affiliate was the primary exposure at December 31, 2007. 

Any future foreign acquisitions would expose us to similar risks. 

Greenhouse gas policies could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

The integrated steel process involves a series of chemical reactions involving carbon that
create carbon dioxide (CO
2

). This distinguishes integrated steel producers from mini-mills and many other industries where CO
2

 generation is generally linked to energy usage. The European Union (EU) has established greenhouse gas regulations and Canada and the United States may also do so. These limitations could have
a negative effect on income and cash flows. Since mini-mill production does not involve the same chemical reactions as integrated production, mini-mills may have a competitive advantage. Also since China and many other developing nations have not
instituted greenhouse gas regulations, and since past international agreements such as the Kyoto Protocol provided exemptions and lesser standards for developing nations, we may also be at a competitive disadvantage. 

On April 26, 2007, Canada’s federal government announced an Action Plan to Reduce Greenhouse
Gases and Air Pollution. The federal government plans to set mandatory reduction targets on all major greenhouse gas producing industries to achieve an absolute reduction of 150 megatonnes in greenhouse gas emissions from 2006 levels by 2020.
Facilities existing in 2006 will be required to cut their greenhouse gas emissions intensity by 18 percent by 2010, with a further two percent reduction in each following year. Implementing regulations are expected to be issued for public comment in
the spring of 2008. Companies will be able to choose the most cost-effective way to meet their targets from a range of options. Environment Canada has indicated that the proposed rules will contain exemptions for fixed process gas emissions
industries, including steel, for which an exemption of 62 percent of greenhouse gas emissions is contemplated. Certain provinces have enacted climate change rules and Ontario may also do so. These limitations could have a negative effect on
production levels and income and cash flows. 

29 

Table of Contents

The European Commission (EC) has established a CO
2

 emission trading scheme for EU member countries. Under this program Slovakia has received fewer CO
2

 emissions
allowances than it requested for both the first period (2005 through 2007) and second period (2008 through 2012). The Slovak Ministry of the Environment, in turn, awarded USSK fewer allowances than USSK had requested for the first period, and has
proposed to award USSK fewer allowances than requested for the second period. USSK purchased emissions allowances to cover its shortfall for the first period and, as to future periods, we may be required to reduce USSK’s production or purchase
emission allowances, either of which may have a negative impact on income and cash flows. 

Our business requires substantial expenditures for debt service, contingent obligations, capital investment, operating leases and maintenance that we may be unable to fund. 

With $3,257 million of debt outstanding as of December 31, 2007, we have significant debt service
requirements. 

Our operations are capital intensive. For the five-year period ended
December 31, 2007, total capital expenditures were $2.9 billion. At December 31, 2007, our contract commitments to acquire property, plant and equipment totaled $434 million and we were obligated to make aggregate lease payments of
$252 million under operating leases. The acquisitions of USSC and the former Lone Star facilities will increase our capital expenditure requirements. We are also considering a $1 billion capital investment program over a period of years at our
Clairton Plant, and are pursuing an opportunity with an affiliate of SunCoke Energy, Inc. to construct a coke plant to supply Granite City Works that is contingent upon obtaining the necessary permits. 

In addition to capital expenditures and lease payments, we spend significant amounts for maintenance of
raw material, raw steel and steel-finishing production facilities. 

As of
December 31, 2007, we had contingent obligations consisting of indemnity obligations under active surety bonds, trusts and letters of credit totaling approximately $143 million, guarantees of approximately $15 million of indebtedness for
unconsolidated entities and contractual purchase commitments under purchase orders and “take or pay” arrangements of approximately $4.4 billion. As the general partner of the Clairton 1314B Partnership, L.P., we are obligated to fund cash
shortfalls incurred by that partnership but may withdraw as the general partner if we are required to fund in excess of $150 million in operating cash shortfalls. 

Our business may not generate sufficient operating cash flow, or external financing sources may not be available in amounts sufficient, to enable us
to service or refinance our indebtedness or to fund other liquidity needs. We intend indefinitely to reinvest undistributed foreign earnings overseas; however, if we need to repatriate funds in the future to satisfy our liquidity needs, the tax
consequences would reduce income and cash flow. 

U. S. Steel is exposed
to uninsured losses. 

U. S. Steel’s insurance coverage against
catastrophic casualty and business interruption exposures contains certain common exclusions, substantial deductibles and self insurance retentions. 

Our collective bargaining agreements may limit our flexibility. 

The collective bargaining agreement with the USW covering the majority of represented employees at the former Lone Star facilities in East Texas expires July 31, 2008, and the
agreement covering the remainder of our U.S. steel and iron ore operations expires September 1, 2008 (the 2003 Basic Labor Agreement). A work stoppage would adversely impact our results of operations. Customer concern about the possibility
of a work stoppage could adversely impact our relationships with our customers causing them to choose to purchase from competitors. Terms of replacement for these collective bargaining agreements could be more costly or otherwise more onerous than
our current agreements. 

The 2003 Basic Labor Agreement contains provisions that prohibit
us from pursuing any North American transaction involving steel or steel-related assets without the consent of the USW, grants the USW a right to bid on any sale of one or more facilities covered by the collective bargaining agreement, requires us
to make reasonable 

30 

Table of Contents

and necessary capital expenditures to maintain the competitive status of our domestic facilities and requires mandatory pre-funding of a trust for retiree health care
and life insurance based on, among other factors, dividend and pension funding levels. That agreement also restricts our ability to trade, sell or use foreign-produced coke and iron ore in North America, and further requires that the ratio of
non-USW employees to USW employees at our domestic facilities not exceed one to five. 

While other domestic integrated unionized steel producers have similar requirements in their agreements with the USW, some foreign and non-union domestic producers are not subject to such requirements. 

There are risks associated with the Lone Star and Stelco acquisitions, as well as any
acquisitions we may make in the future. 

The Lone Star and Stelco acquisitions
were premised upon the achievement of a number of synergies that may not be obtained. Factors that may affect expected synergies from the Lone Star and Stelco acquisitions include management’s ability to successfully integrate these operations;
reactions of customers and joint venture partners; operating levels in the Flat-rolled and Tubular segments; and expansions or acquisitions by major competitors. 

The Lone Star and Stelco acquisitions created $1.7 billion of goodwill on our balance sheet, which exposes us to the risk of future impairment
charges. 

The Lone Star acquisition increased our tubular production capacity
36 percent and the Stelco acquisition increased our North American steelmaking capability by 25 percent, thereby increasing our exposure to cyclical downturns in historically cyclical industries such as oil and gas, service center, conversion,
automotive, construction and appliance. 

The success of any future acquisitions will
depend substantially on the accuracy of our analysis concerning such businesses and our ability to complete such acquisitions on favorable terms, to finance such acquisitions and to integrate the acquired operations successfully with existing
operations. If we are unable to integrate new operations successfully, our financial results and business reputation could suffer. Our recent acquisitions involved prices significantly higher than the prices we paid for our acquisitions in 2003.
Such prices will make it more difficult to achieve adequate financial returns. Additional risks associated with acquisitions are the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns, the potential loss of key employees and
customers of the acquired companies, the possible assumption of unknown liabilities, potential disputes with the sellers, and the inherent risks in entering markets or lines of business in which we have limited or no prior experience. International
acquisitions may present unique challenges and increase the Company’s exposure to the risks associated with foreign operations and countries. Antitrust and similar laws in foreign jurisdictions may prevent us from completing acquisitions.

Provisions of Delaware Law, our governing documents and our rights plan may make a
takeover of U. S. Steel more difficult. 

Certain provisions of Delaware
law, our certificate of incorporation and by-laws and our rights plan could make more difficult or delay our acquisition by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise and the removal of incumbent directors. These provisions are intended
to discourage certain types of coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids, even though such a transaction may offer our stockholders the opportunity to sell their stock at a price above the prevailing market price. 

We may suffer employment losses, which could negatively affect our future performance. 

A significant number of U. S. Steel’s U.S.-based non-union workforce will be
eligible for retirement over the next several years. 

Over the last few years we have
intensified our recruitment, training and retention efforts so that we may continue to optimally staff our operations. Failure to do so could negatively affect our future performance. 

31 

Table of Contents

We may experience difficulties implementing our enterprise resource planning (ERP) system. 

We are currently pursuing the company-wide implementation of an ERP system to help us operate more
efficiently. This is a complex project which would occur in several phases over the next several years. We may not be able to successfully implement the ERP program without experiencing difficulties. In addition, the expected benefits of
implementing the ERP system may not be realized or the costs of implementation may outweigh the realized benefits. The acquisitions of USSC and the former Lone Star facilities have made this process more complex.