Concerning the Steel
Industry 

Steel consumption is cyclical and worldwide overcapacity in the steel
industry and the availability of alternative products have resulted in intense competition, which may have an adverse effect on profitability and cash flow. 

Steel consumption is highly cyclical and generally follows general economic and industrial conditions both worldwide and in various smaller geographic
areas. The steel industry has historically been characterized by excess world supply. This has led to substantial price decreases during periods of economic weakness, which have not been offset by commensurate price increases during periods of
economic strength. Substitute materials are increasingly available for many steel products, which further reduces demand for steel. 

Rapidly growing demand and supply in China and other developing economies may result in additional excess worldwide capacity and falling steel prices. 

Over the last several years steel consumption in China and other developing economies such as India has
increased at a rapid pace. Steel companies have responded by developing plans to rapidly increase steel production capability in these countries. Steel production, especially in China, has been expanding rapidly and could be well in excess of
Chinese demand depending on continuing demand growth rates. Because China is now the largest worldwide steel producer by a significant margin, any significant Chinese capacity excess could have a major impact on world steel trade and prices if
excess production is exported to other markets. 

Increases in prices and limited
availability of raw materials and energy may constrain operating levels and reduce profit margins. 

Steel producers require large amounts of raw materials – iron ore or other iron containing material, steel scrap, coke and coal for integrated producers such as U. S. Steel, and scrap for mini-mill producers. Both
integrated and mini-mill producers consume large amounts of energy. Over the last several years, prices for raw materials and energy, in particular natural gas, have increased significantly. In many cases these price increases have been a greater
percentage than price increases for the sale of steel products. U. S. Steel and other steel producers have periodically been faced with problems in receiving sufficient raw materials and energy in a timely manner, resulting in production
curtailments. These production curtailments and escalated costs have reduced profit margins and may continue to do so in the future. 

22 

Table of Contents

Increased imports of steel products into the U.S. could negatively affect domestic steel prices and demand levels and reduce
profitability of domestic producers. 

Steel imports to the United States
accounted for an estimated 25 percent of the domestic steel market in 2005, 26 percent in 2004 and 19 percent in 2003. Foreign competitors typically have lower labor costs, and are often owned, controlled or subsidized by their
governments, which allows their production and pricing decisions to be influenced by political and economic policy considerations as well as prevailing market conditions. Import levels may also be impacted by decisions of government agencies under
U.S. trade laws. Increases in future levels of imported steel could reduce future market prices and demand levels for domestic steel. 

Environmental compliance and remediation could result in substantially increased capital requirements and operating costs. 

Domestic steel producers are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations relating
to the protection of the environment. These laws continue to evolve and are becoming increasingly stringent. The ultimate impact of complying with such laws and regulations is not always clearly known or determinable because regulations under some
of these laws have not yet been promulgated or are undergoing revision. Environmental laws and regulations, particularly the Clean Air Act, could result in substantially increased capital, operating and compliance costs. 

International environmental requirements vary. While standards in the European Union and Japan are
generally comparable to domestic standards, other nations have substantially lesser requirements that may give competitors in such nations a competitive advantage. 

Unplanned equipment outages and other unforeseen disruptions may reduce our results of operations. 

Our steel production depends on the operation of critical pieces of equipment, such as blast furnaces,
casters and hot strip mills. It is possible that we could experience prolonged periods of reduced production due to unplanned equipment failures. It is also possible that operations may be disrupted due to other unforeseen circumstances such as
power outages, explosions, fires, floods, accidents and severe weather conditions. Availability of supplies could also be affected by logistical disruptions (shortages of barges or rail cars). To the extent that lost production could not be
compensated for at unaffected facilities and depending on the length of the outage, our sales and our unit production costs could be adversely affected. 

Risk Factors concerning U. S. Steel Legacy Obligations 

Many lawsuits have been filed against U. S. Steel involving asbestos-related injuries, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of
operation and cash flow. 

U. S. Steel is a defendant in a large number
of cases in which approximately 8,400 claimants actively allege a variety of respiratory and other diseases based on alleged exposure to asbestos. Many of these cases involve multiple claimants (often hundreds or thousands) and defendants (typically
from fifty to more than one hundred). It is possible that we may experience large judgments against us in the future that could have an impact upon the number of future claims filed against us and on the amount of future settlements, which would
have an adverse impact on our profitability and cash flow. 

Our retiree employee
health care and retiree life insurance plan costs, most of which are unfunded obligations, are higher than those of many of our competitors. These plans create a competitive disadvantage and negatively affect our profitability and cash flow.

We maintain defined benefit retiree health care and life insurance plans
covering most of our domestic employees and former employees upon their retirement. As of December 31, 2005, approximately 114,000 current retirees and beneficiaries are receiving pension and/or medical benefits. U. S. Steel’s underfunded
benefit obligations for retiree medical and life insurance were $2.3 billion at year-end 2005. Most of these underfunded obligations are subject to collective bargaining agreements with unionized workforces and will be subject to future
negotiations. Other postretirement benefit expense is expected to be approximately $111 million in 2006. 

23 

Table of Contents

Many domestic and international competitors do not provide defined benefit retiree health care and life insurance plans and other
international competitors operate in jurisdictions with government sponsored health care plans that may offer them a cost advantage. Several domestic competitors provide defined contribution health care plans with contributions increased based upon
profitability. This will provide these competitors with a significant competitive advantage during periods of low profits. 

Our defined benefit pension plan costs are higher than those of our competitors. These plans create a competitive disadvantage and negatively affect our profitability and
cash flow. 

We have noncontributory defined benefit pension plans covering many
of our domestic employees and former employees upon their retirement. The funded status of these plans declined from an overfunded position of $1.2 billion at year-end 2001 to an underfunded position of $606 million at year-end 2005. Minimum
contributions to these plans is controlled under ERISA and other government regulations and substantial cash contributions may be required. The amount of annual contributions may be substantially increased if Congress adopts pension reform
legislation such as that currently under consideration. Pension benefits are subject to collective bargaining agreements with unionized workforces and will be subject to future negotiations. 

Most domestic and international competitors do not provide defined benefit pension plans, but may
provide defined contribution pension plans with contributions increasing based upon profitability. This will provide these competitors with a significant competitive advantage during periods of low profits. 

We have higher environmental remediation costs than our competitors. This creates a competitive
disadvantage and negatively affects our profitability and cash flow. 

U. S. Steel
is currently involved in approximately 60 remediation projects at currently operating facilities, facilities that have been closed or sold to third parties and other sites where material generated by U. S. Steel was deposited. In addition,
there are numerous other former operating or disposal sites that could become the subject of remediation. 

Environmental remediation costs and related cash requirements of many of our competitors may be substantially less than ours. Many international competitors do not face similar laws in the jurisdictions where they operate.
Numerous domestic competitors have substantially shorter operating histories than we do, resulting in less exposure for environmental remediation. Domestic competitors that have obtained relief under the Bankruptcy Code may have been released from
certain environmental obligations that existed prior to the bankruptcy filing. 

Other
Risk Factors applicable to U. S. Steel 

The terms of our indebtedness
may restrict our ability to pay dividends. 

Under the terms of our 10 3

/
4
% Senior Notes due 2008 and our 9 3

/
4
% Senior Notes due 2010 (collectively, the “Senior Notes”), we are not able to pay dividends on capital stock unless we meet certain restricted payment tests. 

The terms of our indebtedness and our accounts receivable program contain restrictive provisions
that may limit our flexibility. 

We have Senior Notes outstanding in the
aggregate principal amount of $726 million as of December 31, 2005. The Senior Notes impose significant restrictions on us such as limits on additional borrowings and certain investments and the use of funds from asset sales. Our $600 million
revolving credit agreement secured by inventory prohibits us from selling certain principal properties and imposes additional restrictions if the amount available to be borrowed under that agreement is less than $100 million. Such restrictions
include maintaining a fixed charge coverage ratio and limitations on capital expenditures and investments. The Senior Notes, the revolving credit agreement and some of our other loan facilities and leases have provisions that may cause a default
under one of these agreements to become a default under the others. These covenants may affect our ability to operate our business and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities. 

24 

Table of Contents

Rating agencies may downgrade our credit ratings, which would make it more difficult for us to raise capital and would
increase our financial costs. 

Any downgrade in our credit ratings would make
raising capital more difficult, would increase the cost of future borrowings and would affect the terms on which we purchase goods and services. In addition, the fees payable under our receivables sales program would increase and the amount of
receivables eligible for sale could be reduced. 

“Change in control”
clauses may require us to immediately purchase or repay debt. 

Upon the
occurrence of “change in control” events specified in our Senior Notes, inventory facility and various other loan documents, the holders of our indebtedness may require us to immediately purchase or repay that debt on less than favorable
terms. We may not have the financial resources to make these purchases and repayments, and a failure to purchase or repay such indebtedness would trigger cross-acceleration clauses under the Senior Notes and other indebtedness. 

We have deferred tax assets that we may not be able to realize. 

As of December 31, 2005, U. S. Steel had net federal, foreign and state deferred tax assets of
$486 million. Although management believes that it is more likely than not that future operating results and tax planning strategies generating sufficient future taxable income can be utilized to realize the net deferred tax assets, there can be no
assurance that we will be able to generate such results or implement these strategies. 

Our international operations expose us to uncertainties and risks from abroad, which could negatively affect our results of operations. 

USSK, located in the Slovak Republic, and USSB, located in Serbia, constitute nearly 28% of our total raw steel production capability, and accounted for 24% of net sales for
2005. Both USSK and USSB are subject to economic conditions and political factors in Europe, which if changed could negatively affect their results of operations and cash flow. Political factors include, but are not limited to, taxation,
nationalization, inflation, currency fluctuations, increased regulation and quotas, tariffs and other protectionist measures. USSK and USSB are also subject to foreign currency exchange risks. 

Any future international acquisitions would expose us to similar risks. 

Natural gas supplies to USSB may be curtailed and such curtailments would have a negative effect
on our profitability and cash flows. 

USSB is dependent upon availability of
natural gas in Serbia, which is dependent upon a single pipeline. Serbia has experienced major curtailments during periods of peak demand in Eastern Europe. Such curtailments have forced USSB to interrupt steel production and finishing operations in
the past and this could recur in the future. 

The carbon dioxide emission limits
established by the European Commission may limit the amount of steel that can be produced at USSK and negatively affect our results of operations and cash flow. 

The European Commission (EC) has established carbon dioxide (CO
2

) emission limits for EU member countries. Under this program the Slovak Ministry of the Environment has reduced the amount of CO
2

 that USSK may emit. USSK may be required to reduce its production or purchase emission credits, either of which may have a negative impact on income and cash flow. 

Our business requires substantial debt service, contingent obligations, capital investment,
operating lease, capital commitments and maintenance expenditures that we may be unable to fulfill. 

With approximately $1.6 billion of debt outstanding as of December 31, 2005, we have substantial debt service requirements. Interest and other financial costs, excluding foreign currency losses, interest income,
capitalized 

25 

Table of Contents

interest and the adjustment from the Gary property tax settlement, totaled $124 million in 2005 and are expected to be about the same in 2006; however, interest and
other financial costs will change with changes to our capital structure. 

Our operations
are capital intensive. For the five-year period ended December 31, 2005, total capital expenditures were $2.2 billion. USSK has a commitment to the Slovak government for a capital improvements program over a period commencing with the
acquisition date and ending on December 31, 2010. As of December 31, 2005, the remaining commitment under this program was $53 million. At December 31, 2005, our domestic contract commitments to acquire property, plant and equipment
totaled $82 million and we were obligated to make aggregate lease payments of $376 million under operating leases. 

In addition to capital expenditures and lease payments, we spend significant amounts for maintenance of raw material, raw steel and steel-finishing production facilities, including
periodic relines or rebuilds of our seventeen blast furnaces. 

As of December 31,
2005, we had contingent obligations consisting of indemnity obligations under active surety bonds, trusts and letters of credit totaling approximately $133 million, guarantees of approximately $10 million of indebtedness for unconsolidated entities
and contractual purchase commitments under purchase orders and “take or pay” arrangements of approximately $3.9 billion, plus contingencies under the sale of our mining assets of approximately $79 million. As the general partner of the
Clairton 1314B Partnership, L.P., we are obligated to fund cash shortfalls incurred by that partnership but may withdraw as the general partner if we are required to fund in excess of $150 million in operating cash shortfalls. As of
December 31, 2005, we were also contingently liable for $2 million of debt and other obligations of Marathon. 

Our business may not generate sufficient operating cash flow or external financing sources may not be available in amounts sufficient to enable us to service or refinance our
indebtedness or to fund other liquidity needs. 

U. S. Steel is exposed to
uninsured losses. 

U. S. Steel’s insurance coverage against
catastrophic casualty and business interruption exposures contains certain common exclusions, substantial deductibles and self insurance retentions. 

Our collective bargaining agreements may limit our flexibility. 

The collective bargaining agreement with the USWA contains provisions that prohibit us from pursuing any North American transaction involving steel or steel-related assets without
the consent of the USWA, grants the USWA a right to bid on any sale of one or more facilities covered by the collective bargaining agreement and requires us to make reasonable and necessary capital expenditures to maintain the competitive status of
our domestic facilities. That agreement also restricts our ability to trade, sell or use foreign-produced coke and iron ore in North America, and further requires that the ratio of non-USWA employees to USWA employees at our domestic facilities not
exceed 1 to 5. 

Strikes, work stoppages and customer concern about the possibility of
strikes, particularly upon the expiration of our major domestic collective bargaining agreement, could adversely impact our relationships with our customers which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or
results of operations. In addition, mini-mill producers and certain foreign competitors and producers of comparable products do not have unionized work forces. This may place us at a competitive disadvantage. 

While other domestic integrated unionized steel producers have similar requirements in their agreements
with the USWA, foreign and non-union domestic producers are not subject to such requirements. 

U. S. Steel is involved in multiemployer plans covering pensions and other postretirement benefit costs. We have legal and contractual requirements for future funding of these plans, which will have a negative effect on our cash
flows. In addition, funding requirements for participants could increase as a result of any underfunding of these plans. 

26 

Table of Contents

U. S. Steel is subject to work stoppages as a result of periodic labor negotiations at facilities in Europe.

Most employees at USSK and USSB are represented by unions pursuant to agreements
that expire in December 2007 and November 2006, respectively, both of which are subject to annual wage rate negotiations. Any strike or work stoppage upon expiration of the current agreements or as a result of the inability to agree on annual wage
rates could have significant negative effects on results of operations. 

Customer
payment defaults could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Many of our customers operate in cyclical industries and could experience financial difficulties in times of economic downturn. In some cases, these difficulties may result in bankruptcy filings or cessation of operations. If
customers experiencing financial problems default on paying amounts owed to us, we may not be able to collect these amounts or recognize expected revenue. Any material payment defaults by our customers could have an adverse effect on our results of
operations and financial condition. 

There are risks associated with acquisitions.

The success of recent acquisitions and any future acquisitions will depend
substantially on our ability to integrate the acquired operations successfully with existing operations. If we are unable to integrate new operations successfully, our financial results and business reputation could suffer. Recent acquisitions in
the steel industry have involved prices significantly higher than the prices we paid for our recent acquisitions. Such prices will make it more difficult to achieve adequate financial returns. Additional risks associated with acquisitions are the
diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns, the potential loss of key employees and customers of the acquired companies, the possible assumption of unknown liabilities, potential disputes with the sellers, and the inherent
risks in entering markets or lines of business in which we have limited or no prior experience. International acquisitions may present unique challenges and increase the Company’s exposure to the risks associated with foreign operations.

Provisions of Delaware Law, our governing documents and our rights plan may make a
takeover of U. S. Steel more difficult. 

Certain provisions of Delaware
law, our certificate of incorporation and by-laws and our rights plan could make more difficult or delay our acquisition by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise and the removal of incumbent directors. These provisions are intended
to discourage certain types of coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids, even though such a transaction may offer our stockholders the opportunity to sell their stock at a price above the prevailing market price.