Related to the Difficult Economic Conditions 

All segments of our business continue to be impacted by the difficult economic
conditions that began with the global economic recession in 2008 and such impacts have created certain new risks and have also affected the other risks set forth below. U. S. Steel cannot predict the duration of the difficult economic conditions and
the trajectory of the recovery but both will have a significant impact on U. S. Steel. 

29 

Table of Contents

U. S. Steel and its end-product markets continue to be impacted by challenging economic conditions.

The global economic recession that began in 2008 resulted in
significantly lower demand and prices across all of our segments and major markets. 

2010

2009

2008

 Average realized price: ($/net ton)

 Flat-rolled

675

651

780

 U. S. Steel Europe

705

637

932

 Tubular

1,494

1,755

2,041

 Steel Shipments:

 Flat-rolled

15,301

9,861

16,845

 U. S. Steel Europe

5,464

4,463

5,651

 Tubular

1,551

657

1,952

 Total Steel Shipments

22,316

14,981

24,448

 Raw Steel-Capability Utilization:

 Flat-rolled

76

% 

48

% 

79

% 

 U. S. Steel Europe

82

% 

69

% 

87

% 

 Consolidated net (loss) income attributable to United States Steel Corporation

$

(482

) 

$

(1,401

) 

$

2,112

 Consolidated net (loss) income per diluted share attributable to United States Steel
Corporation

$

(3.36

) 

$

(10.42

) 

$

17.96

While some of our end customer markets supplied by our Flat-rolled and USSE segments, such as automotive, saw modest recoveries during 2010, others, such as
construction, remain severely depressed. Oil and gas drilling activity remains below 2008 levels, which has resulted in lower customer demand for the products of our Tubular segment. Our operating levels and prices may remain at depressed levels
until our customers’ demand increases. We face the additional risk of further declines if economic conditions worsen. 

China and certain other steel markets were affected less by the global recession and rebounded more quickly in some cases to and even beyond 2008 levels. As a
result, steel production serving these markets has increased, which has caused prices for iron ore, metallurgical coal and other raw materials to increase. This development has and will continue to cause our costs to increase regardless of the state
of recovery in our end markets. 

U. S. Steel may need to substantially
increase working capital as market conditions and order levels continue to improve. 

As business conditions have started to recover, our working capital requirements have increased and any future increases may require us to draw upon our credit facilities. In general, availability under our 2007
five-year $750 million revolving credit facility, which was amended and restated in 2009, (Amended Credit Agreement) is limited to a monthly borrowing base of certain eligible domestic inventory and availability under our Receivables Purchase
Agreement (RPA) is limited to eligible receivables. Any borrowings would increase our cost, and we may not have sufficient eligible inventory and receivables to borrow the amounts we need. In addition, if availability under the Amended Credit
Agreement falls below the greater of 15 percent of the total aggregate commitments and $112.5 million, we would also be subject to a fixed charge coverage ratio covenant. The USSS €
20 million credit facility and overdraft facility of up to 1 billion Serbian dinars (which together totaled approximately $39 million at December 31, 2010) also contain a borrowing base limit based
upon inventory values. 

U. S. Steel may face increased risks
of customer and supplier defaults. 

There is an increased risk of
insolvency and other credit related issues of our customers and suppliers, including their need to increase working capital as their businesses improve. We believe some of our customers and suppliers may not have sufficient credit available to them,
which could delay payments from customers, result in increased customer defaults and cause our suppliers to delay filling, or to be unable to fill, our needs. 

30 

Table of Contents

U. S. Steel’s joint ventures and other equity investees are also being affected by ongoing challenging
economic conditions. 

U. S. Steel’s joint ventures and other
equity affiliates are also engaged in the production of steelmaking raw materials and finishing of flat-rolled and tubular products. As such, they face many of the same issues we do. Since these entities are smaller than U. S. Steel, they may have
fewer resources available to them to respond to ongoing challenging economic conditions. 

Risk Factors Concerning the Steel Industry 

Steel consumption is highly cyclical, and worldwide overcapacity in the steel industry and the availability of alternative products have resulted in intense competition, which may have an adverse effect on
profitability and cash flow, especially during periods of economic weakness. 

Steel consumption is highly cyclical and generally follows economic and industrial conditions both worldwide and in regional markets. The steel industry has historically been characterized by excess global supply,
which has led to substantial price decreases during periods of economic weakness. Substitute materials are increasingly available for many steel products, which further reduces demand for steel. 

Rapidly growing supply in China and other developing economies may grow faster
than real demand in those economies, which may result in additional excess worldwide capacity and falling steel prices. 

Over the last several years, steel consumption in China and other developing economies has increased at a rapid pace. Steel companies have responded by rapidly
increasing steel production capability in those countries and published reports state that further capacity increases are likely. Steel production capability, especially in China, now appears to be well in excess of China’s home market demand.
Because China is now the largest worldwide steel producer by a significant margin, any excess Chinese supply could have a major impact on world steel trade and prices if this excess and subsidized production is exported to other markets. Since the
Chinese steel industry is largely government owned, it has not been as adversely impacted by the ongoing difficult economic conditions, and it can make production and sales decisions for non-market reasons. 

Increased imports of steel products into North America and Europe could
negatively affect steel prices and demand levels and reduce our profitability. 

Steel imports to the United States accounted for an estimated 22 percent of the domestic steel market in 2010, 22 percent in 2009 and 24 percent in 2008. Foreign competitors may have lower labor costs,
and some are owned, controlled or subsidized by their governments, which allows their production and pricing decisions to be influenced by political and economic policy considerations as well as prevailing market conditions. 

Imports of tubular products to the United States increased significantly beginning in
2008. Oil country tubular goods (OCTG) imports accounted for a large share of the growth, as they have more than doubled over 2007 levels. Imports of OCTG from China registered the most dramatic increase as they grew from 900 thousand tons in
2007 to nearly 2.3 million tons in 2008. The U.S. market experienced a surge in tubular imports in the second half of 2008 that resulted in record OCTG inventories by the end of the year, which affected demand in 2009. Chinese imports of
seamless standard line and pressure pipe increased by more than 290 percent in the three months after the filing of antidumping and countervailing duty petitions in September 2009, as compared to the three months prior to the filing. 

Imports of flat-rolled steel to Canada accounted for an estimated 39 percent of the
Canadian market for flat-rolled steel products in 2010, 35 percent in 2009 and 24 percent in 2008. 

Total imports of flat-rolled carbon steel products to the EU27 (the 27 countries currently comprising the EU) were 14 percent of the EU market in 2010, 15 percent in 2009 and 19 percent in 2008. 

Increases in future levels of imported steel to North America and Europe could reduce
future market prices and demand levels for steel products produced in those markets. 

31 

Table of Contents

Imports into the United States, Canada and the EU have often violated the international trade laws of these
jurisdictions. While in some cases U. S. Steel and others have been successful in obtaining relief under these laws, in other circumstances relief has not been received. When received, such relief is generally subject to automatic or
discretionary recision or reduction. There can be no assurance that any such relief will be obtained or continued in the future or that such relief as obtained will be adequate. 

Limited availability of raw materials and energy may constrain operating levels
and reduce profit margins. 

U. S. Steel and other steel
producers have periodically been faced with problems in obtaining sufficient raw materials and energy in a timely manner due to delays or defaults by suppliers, shortages or transportation problems (such as shortages of barges, ocean vessels, rail
cars or trucks, or disruption of rail lines, waterways or natural gas transmission lines), resulting in production curtailments. We do not produce enough coke to meet our global requirements and our coke production capability is likely to decline
over the next several years given that some of our existing coke batteries in the United States are approaching the end of their useful lives. As a result, we may be further exposed to risks concerning pricing and availability of coke from third
parties. USSE purchases substantially all of its iron ore and coking coal requirements from outside sources. USSE is also dependent upon availability of natural gas produced in Russia and transported through Ukraine. USSE experienced natural gas
supply curtailments during Russia’s suspension of natural gas shipments to Europe in January 2009, resulting in steel production curtailments, escalated costs and reduced profit margins. Any future curtailments and escalated costs may further
reduce profit margins. 

Environmental compliance and remediation could
result in substantially increased capital requirements and operating costs. 

Steel producers in the United States are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. These laws continue to evolve and are becoming increasingly
stringent. The ultimate impact of complying with such laws and regulations is not always clearly known or determinable because regulations under some of these laws have not yet been promulgated or are undergoing revision. Environmental laws and
regulations, particularly the Clean Air Act, could result in substantially increased capital, operating and compliance costs. 

International environmental requirements vary. While standards in the EU, Canada and Japan are generally comparable to U.S. standards, other nations, particularly
China, have substantially lesser requirements that may give competitors in such nations a competitive advantage. 

Greenhouse gas policies could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

The integrated steel process involves a series of chemical reactions involving carbon that create CO
2

. This distinguishes integrated steel producers from mini-mills and many other industries
where CO
2

 generation is generally linked to energy usage. In the United States,
the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has published rules for regulating greenhouse gas emissions for certain facilities and has implemented various reporting requirements. In the last Congress, legislation was passed in the House of
Representatives and introduced in the Senate. We do not know what action, if any, may be taken by the new Congress. The EU has established greenhouse gas regulations and Canada has published details of a regulatory framework for greenhouse gas
emissions. For a discussion of these, see “PART I – Business – Environmental Matters.” We cannot predict the final requirements that may be adopted in the United States and Canada, or the form of future actions that may be taken
by the EU; however, such limitations could entail substantial costs for emission allowances restriction of production and higher prices for coking coal, natural gas and electricity generated by carbon based systems, which could have a negative
effect on results of operations and cash flows. Since mini-mill production does not involve the same chemical reactions as integrated production, mini-mills may have a competitive advantage. Also, since China and many other developing nations have
not instituted greenhouse gas regulations, and since past international agreements such as the Kyoto Protocol provided exemptions and lesser standards for developing nations, we may also be at a competitive disadvantage with certain foreign steel
producers. Many of our customers in the United States, Canada and Europe may experience similar impacts, which could result in decreased demand for our products. 

32 

Table of Contents

Risk Factors Concerning U. S. Steel Legacy Obligations 

Our retiree health care and retiree life insurance plan costs, most of which are
unfunded obligations, and our pension plan costs in North America are higher than those of many of our competitors. These plans create a competitive disadvantage and negatively affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

We maintain retiree health care and life insurance and defined benefit pension plans
covering most of our North American employees and former employees upon their retirement. As of December 31, 2010, approximately 129,000 current employees, retirees and beneficiaries are participating in the plans to receive pension and/or
medical benefits. At December 31, 2010, on an accounting basis, U. S. Steel’s retiree medical and life insurance plans were underfunded by $2.9 billion and our pension plans were underfunded by $2.0 billion. 

Most of our employee benefits are subject to collective bargaining agreements with
unionized workforces and will be subject to future negotiations. Minimum contributions to domestic qualified pension plans are controlled under ERISA and other government regulations. Minimum contributions to U. S. Steel Canada (USSC) pension plans
are governed by an agreement entered into by Stelco Inc. (Stelco) and the Province of Ontario that U. S. Steel assumed in conjunction with the acquisition of Stelco. This agreement requires defined annual contributions until the earlier of full
solvency funding for the four main plans or until December 31, 2015, when minimum funding requirements for the plans resume under the provincial pension legislation. Substantial cash contributions may be required to fund these benefit plans.

U. S. Steel contributes to a multiemployer plan domestically for
USW-represented employees formerly employed by National Steel and represented employees hired after May 2003 called the Steelworkers Pension Trust (SPT). We have legal and contractual requirements for future funding of this plan, which may have a
negative effect on our cash flows. The collective bargaining agreements with the USW entered into effective September 1, 2008 (the 2008 CBAs) increased our required contributions to this plan from $1.80 to $2.65 per hour. In addition, funding
requirements for participants could increase as a result of any underfunding of this plan. 

The turmoil in financial markets during 2008 led to significant declines in the value of equity investments that are held by the trusts under our pension plans and the trust to pay for retiree health care and life
insurance benefits. While some of these losses were recovered in 2009 and 2010, the 2008 losses have contributed to the underfunded position at December 31, 2010. We may be required or may choose to make substantial contributions to these
plans. 

Despite the global recession, domestic health care costs continue to
increase each year, and could accelerate due to inflationary pressures on the overall health care trend rates. These pressures may in part stem from requirements legislated by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act enacted in 2010. This will
adversely impact our results of operations and cash flow. 

Many domestic and
international competitors do not provide retiree health care and life insurance or defined benefit pension plans, and other international competitors operate in jurisdictions with government sponsored retirement and health care plans that may offer
them a cost advantage. Benefit obligations under our plans are not tied to operating rates; therefore, our costs are not expected to decline as a result of the continuing difficult economic conditions or any other future economic downturns.

We have higher environmental remediation costs than our competitors.
This creates a competitive disadvantage and negatively affects our results of operations and cash flows. 

U. S. Steel is involved in numerous remediation projects at currently operating facilities, facilities that have been closed or sold to unrelated parties and other sites where material generated by
U. S. Steel was deposited. In addition, there are numerous other former operating or disposal sites that could become the subject of remediation. For example, we recorded a charge of $49 million in 2009 in connection with the expanded
scope of remediation at our former Geneva Works bringing the total liability for this site to $66 million as of December 31, 2010. 

33 

Table of Contents

Environmental remediation costs and related cash requirements of many of our competitors may be substantially less
than ours. Many international competitors do not face similar laws in the jurisdictions where they operate. Many U.S. competitors have substantially shorter operating histories than we do, resulting in less exposure for environmental remediation.
Competitors that have obtained relief under bankruptcy laws may have been released from certain environmental obligations that existed prior to the bankruptcy filing. 

Other Risk Factors Applicable to U. S. Steel 

Unplanned equipment outages and other unforeseen disruptions may reduce our
results of operations. 

Our steel production depends on the
operation of critical structures and pieces of equipment, such as blast furnaces, casters, hot strip mills and various structures and operations that support them. It is possible that we could experience prolonged periods of reduced production and
increased maintenance and repair costs due to equipment failures at our facilities or those of our key suppliers. For example, we experienced a structural failure at Gary Works in 2010 that disrupted operations for several weeks. It is also possible
that operations may be disrupted due to other unforeseen circumstances such as power outages, explosions, fires, floods, accidents and severe weather conditions. We are also exposed to similar risks involving major customers and suppliers such as
force majeure events of raw materials suppliers that have occurred and may occur in the future. Production at USSE was curtailed in January 2009 due to the suspension of natural gas deliveries to Europe from Russia transported through Ukraine and we
remain vulnerable to this risk. Availability of raw materials and delivery of products to customers could be affected by logistical disruptions (such as shortages of barges, ocean vessels, rail cars or trucks, or unavailability of rail lines or of
locks on the Great Lakes or other bodies of water). To the extent that lost production could not be compensated for at unaffected facilities and depending on the length of the outage, our sales and our unit production costs could be adversely
affected. 

We may be adversely impacted by volatility in prices for
raw materials, energy, and steel. 

In 2010, approximately 65 percent
of U. S. Steel’s Flat-rolled segment sales in the United States are based on sales contracts with volume commitments and durations of at least one quarter, while lesser percentages of Tubular and USSE segment sales are made pursuant to such
contacts. These contracts generally have a fixed price or a price that will fluctuate with changes in a defined index and do not always have firm volume commitments. During periods of rapid escalation of raw materials, energy and other costs such as
was experienced in 2008 and 2010, U. S. Steel may not be able to recover these cost increases from customers with existing fixed price agreements. Conversely, some purchase contracts require annual commitments and in periods of rapid decline, such
as 2009, U. S. Steel may be faced with having agreed to purchase raw materials and energy at prices that are above the then current market price or in greater volumes than required. If steel prices decline, our profit margins on market-based indexed
contracts and spot business will be reduced. 

Declines in the
production levels of our major customers could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flow. 

Our Flat-rolled and USSE segments sell to the automotive, service center, converter, appliance and construction-related industries, all of which have been
significantly impacted by the ongoing difficult economic conditions. Low demand from customers in these key markets may adversely affect our results of operations. 

The terms of our indebtedness contain provisions that may limit our flexibility.

The Amended Credit Agreement is secured by a lien on a majority of
our domestic inventory and certain of our accounts receivable and includes a fixed charge coverage ratio covenant that applies when availability under the Amended Credit Agreement is less than $112.5 million. Because the Amended Credit Agreement was
undrawn throughout 2010, this covenant was not applicable, but based on the four quarters ended December 31, 2010, we would not have met this covenant. The value or levels of inventory may decrease or we may not be able to meet this covenant in
the future, and either or both of these situations would limit our ability to borrow under the Amended Credit Agreement. We also amended our Receivables Purchase Agreement during 2010 to increase the maximum amount of receivables eligible for sale
to $525 million. Reductions in accounts receivable would limit our ability to sell receivables. 

34 

Table of Contents

In general, availability under the Amended Credit Agreement is limited to a monthly borrowing base for certain
eligible domestic inventory. Inventory reductions could limit availability to less than the potential $750 million. If availability under the Amended Credit Agreement falls below the greater of 15 percent of the total aggregate commitments and
$112.5 million, we would also be subject to a fixed charge coverage ratio covenant. The USSS €
20 million credit facility and
overdraft facility of up to 1 billion Serbian dinars (which together totaled approximately $39 million at December 31, 2010) also contain a borrowing base limit based upon inventory values. This may be a particular problem as market conditions
and order levels continue to improve and U. S. Steel needs the liquidity to rebuild working capital. We have granted the lenders under the Amended Credit Agreement a secured position in our most liquid assets, which may be a detriment to other
creditors. 

The Amended Credit Agreement, our Senior Convertible Notes
issued in 2009 and our $2.2 billion of Senior Notes issued in 2007 and 2010 also contain covenants restricting our ability to create liens and engage in sale-leasebacks. Additionally, the repayment of amounts outstanding under the Amended Credit
Agreement and repurchase of the Senior Convertible Notes and Senior Notes is required upon a change of control under specified circumstances, as well as other customary provisions. The Amended Credit Agreement, the Senior Convertible Notes and the
RPA have provisions that certain defaults under a material debt obligation could cause a default under the Amended Credit Agreement or the Senior Convertible Notes or termination of the RPA. These terms may affect our liquidity, our ability to
operate our business and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities. 

Under the terms of the separation from Marathon Oil Corporation (Marathon), we are required to provide for the discharge of their obligations under $196 million of environmental revenue bonds.

Under the terms of the separation from Marathon, we are obligated
to provide for the discharge of Marathon from any liability under $196 million of environmental revenue bonds by December 31, 2011. If we are not able to arrange for the refinancing of these bonds as our sole obligation, we will be required to
pay $198 million, which includes $2 million of call premiums, to call the bonds no later than December 31, 2011. There is no assurance that we will be able to arrange such refinancing or of the terms thereof. 

Rating agencies may downgrade our credit ratings, which would make it more
difficult for us to raise capital and would increase our financial costs. 

Any downgrades in our credit ratings may make raising capital more difficult, may increase the cost and affect the terms of future borrowings, may affect the terms under which we purchase goods and services and may
limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities. 

“Change in control” clauses in our financial and labor agreements grant the other parties to those agreements rights to accelerate obligations and
to terminate or extend our labor agreements. 

Upon the occurrence of
“change in control” events specified in our Senior Notes, Amended Credit Agreement, Senior Convertible Notes and various other contracts and leases, the holders of our indebtedness may require us to immediately repurchase or repay that
debt on less than favorable terms. Additionally, the 2008 CBAs give the USW the right to either terminate or extend the collective bargaining agreements for an additional four years. Among other things, these provisions may make a takeover of U. S.
Steel more difficult. 

A “change of control” is generally defined
to include any of the following: (a) the acquisition by a person or group of at least 35 percent of our common stock, (b) a merger in which holders of our common stock own less than a majority of the equity in the resulting entity, or
(c) replacement of a majority of the members of our Board of Directors by persons who were not nominated by our current directors. 

Our operations expose us to uncertainties and risks in the countries in which we operate, which could negatively affect our results of operations and cash
flows. 

Our U.S. operations are subject to economic conditions and
political factors in the United States, which if changed could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flow. Political factors include, but are not limited to, taxation, inflation, increased regulation, limitations on exports of energy
and raw materials, and trade remedies. 

35 

Table of Contents

Actions taken by the U.S. government could affect our results of operations and cash flow. For example, President Obama’s administration has proposed significant changes to U.S. tax law,
such as the elimination of the last-in first-out (LIFO) inventory costing method, which could negatively affect our profitability and cash flow if they are enacted 

USSK, located in Slovakia, USSS, located in Serbia, and USSC, located in Canada,
constitute 39 percent of our global raw steel production capability. All of them are subject to economic conditions and political factors in the countries in which they are located, and USSK is additionally subject to economic conditions and
political factors associated with the EU and the euro currency. Changes in any of these economic conditions or political factors could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flow. Political factors include, but are not limited to,
taxation, nationalization, inflation, government instability, civil unrest, increased regulation and quotas, tariffs and other protectionist measures. 

Any future foreign acquisitions or expansions could expose us to similar risks. 

We are subject to significant foreign currency risks, which could negatively
impact our profitability and cash flows. 

Our foreign operations
accounted for approximately 34 percent of our net sales in 2010. The financial condition and results of operations of USSK, USSS and USSC are reported in various foreign currencies and then translated into U.S. dollars at the applicable exchange
rate for inclusion in our financial statements. The appreciation of the U.S. dollar against these foreign currencies could have a negative impact on our consolidated results of operations. 

In addition, international cash requirements have been and in the future may be funded by intercompany loans, creating intercompany
monetary assets and liabilities in currencies other than the functional currencies of the entities involved, which can have a non-cash impact on income when they are remeasured at the end of each period. A $1.6 billion U.S. dollar-denominated
intercompany loan from a U.S. subsidiary to a European subsidiary was the primary exposure at December 31, 2010. 

Any future foreign acquisitions or expansions may increase such risks. 

Our business requires substantial expenditures for debt service, obligations, capital investment, operating leases and maintenance that we may be unable to
fund. 

With $3.7 billion of debt outstanding as of December 31,
2010, we have significant debt service requirements. 

Our operations are
capital intensive. For the five-year period ended December 31, 2010, total capital expenditures were $3.2 billion. At December 31, 2010, our contractual commitments to acquire property, plant and equipment totaled $667 million and we
were obligated to make aggregate lease payments of $170 million under operating leases. 

In addition to capital expenditures and lease payments, we spend significant amounts for maintenance of raw material, steelmaking and steel-finishing facilities. 

As of December 31, 2010, we had contingent obligations consisting of indemnity
obligations under active surety bonds, trusts and letters of credit totaling approximately $164 million and contractual purchase commitments, including “take or pay” arrangements, totalling approximately $12.4 billion. 

Our business may not generate sufficient operating cash flow or external financing
sources may not be available in amounts sufficient, to enable us to service or refinance our indebtedness or to fund other liquidity needs. The limitations under our Amended Credit Agreement and RPA, described above, may limit our availability to
draw upon these facilities. We intend to indefinitely reinvest undistributed foreign earnings outside the United States; however, if we need to repatriate funds in the future to satisfy our liquidity needs, the tax consequences would reduce income
and cash flow. 

36 

Table of Contents

U. S. Steel is exposed to uninsured losses. 

Our insurance coverage against catastrophic casualty and business interruption
exposures contains certain common exclusions, substantial deductibles and self insured retentions. 

Our collective bargaining agreements may limit our flexibility. 

Most hourly employees of U. S. Steel’s flat-rolled, tubular, cokemaking and iron ore pellet facilities in the United States are covered by the 2008 CBAs, which expire in September 2012. These
agreements contain provisions that prohibit us from pursuing any North American transaction involving steel or steel-related assets without the consent of the USW, grant the USW a right to bid on any sale of one or more facilities covered by the
2008 CBAs, require us to make reasonable and necessary capital expenditures to maintain the competitive status of our domestic facilities and require mandatory pre-funding of a trust for retiree health care and life insurance. These agreements also
restrict our ability to trade, sell or use foreign-produced coke and iron ore in North America, and further require that the ratio of non-USW employees to USW employees at our domestic facilities not exceed one to five. 

While other domestic integrated unionized steel producers have similar requirements in
their agreements with the USW, non-union producers are not subject to such requirements. 

We are at risk of labor stoppages. 

The collective bargaining agreement at the Hamilton Works expired in July 2010 and there has been a work stoppage since November 7, 2010. We are also at risk for work stoppages at other locations as their
collective bargaining agreements expire or if unauthorized job actions occur. 

There are risks associated with past acquisitions, as well as any acquisitions we may make in the future. 

Our acquisitions of Lone Star Technologies, Inc. (Lone Star) and Stelco, Inc. (Stelco)
created goodwill on our balance sheet which totaled $1.8 billion as of December 31, 2010, and which exposes us to the risk of future impairment charges. Our Flat-rolled reporting unit was allocated goodwill from the Stelco and Lone Star
acquisitions in 2007 and our Texas Operations reporting unit, which is part of our Tubular operating segment, was allocated goodwill from the Lone Star acquisition. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level annually in the third
quarter and whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. The evaluation of impairment involves comparing the estimated fair value of the associated reporting unit to its carrying value, including
goodwill. Fair value is determined based on consideration of the income, market and cost approaches as applicable in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 820. 

If business conditions deteriorate or other factors have an adverse effect on our
estimates of discounted future cash flows or compound annual growth rate, future tests of goodwill impairment may result in an impairment charge. The assumptions used will have a large impact on the conclusions reached in future tests. As of
December 31, 2010, the Flat-rolled and Texas Operations reporting units have $922 million and $834 million of goodwill, respectively. The 2010 annual goodwill impairment test showed that the estimated fair values of our Flat-rolled and Texas
Operations reporting units exceeded their carrying values by approximately $2.0 billion and $400 million, respectively. A 100 basis point increase in the discount rate, a critical assumption in which even a minor change can have a significant
impact on the estimated fair value of the reporting unit, would decrease the fair value of the Flat-rolled and Texas Operations reporting units by approximately $1.5 billion and $260 million, respectively. 

The Lone Star acquisition increased our tubular production capacity by more than
50 percent and the Stelco acquisition increased our North American steelmaking capability by 25 percent, thereby increasing our exposure to cyclical downturns in historically cyclical industries such as oil and gas, service center, conversion,
automotive, construction and appliance. 

The success of any future
acquisitions will depend substantially on the accuracy of our analysis concerning such businesses and our ability to complete such acquisitions on favorable terms, to finance such acquisitions and to integrate the acquired operations successfully
with existing operations. If we are unable to integrate new 

37 

Table of Contents

operations successfully, our financial results and business reputation could suffer. Our acquisitions in 2007 involved purchase prices significantly higher than the prices we paid for our
acquisitions in 2003. Such prices will make it more difficult to achieve adequate financial returns. Additional risks associated with acquisitions are the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns, the potential loss of
key employees and customers of the acquired companies, the possible assumption of unknown liabilities, potential disputes with the sellers, and the inherent risks in entering markets or lines of business in which we have limited or no prior
experience. International acquisitions may present unique challenges and increase the Company’s exposure to the risks associated with foreign operations and countries. Antitrust and other laws in foreign jurisdictions may prevent us from
completing acquisitions. 

There are risks associated with existing and
potential accounting and tax requirements. 

We do not recognize a
tax benefit for pre-tax losses in jurisdictions where we have recorded a full valuation allowance for accounting purposes. As a result, the pre-tax losses associated with USSS and USSC do not provide any tax benefit for accounting purposes.
Significant changes in the mix of pre-tax results among the jurisdictions in which we operate could have a material impact on our effective tax rate. Similarly, our use of intercompany loans has and in the future may have significant impacts on our
financial statements as a result of foreign currency accounting remeasurement effects. Potential future accounting changes could negatively affect our profitability and cash flow. Even if the impacts are non cash they may materially impact
perceptions and judgments about us by rating agencies and investors. Changes in tax law, such as the elimination of the LIFO method of accounting for inventories, could also negatively affect our profitability and cash flow. 

We may be subject to litigation, the resolution of which could negatively affect
our profitability and cash flow in a particular period. 

Our
profitability or cash flow in a particular period could be affected by an adverse ruling in any litigation currently pending in the courts or by litigation that may be filed against us in the future. For information regarding our current significant
legal proceedings, see Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

Provisions of
Delaware Law, our governing documents and our rights plan may make a takeover of U. S. Steel more difficult. 

Certain provisions of Delaware law, our certificate of incorporation and by-laws and our rights plan could make more difficult or delay our acquisition by means of
a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise and the removal of incumbent directors. These provisions are intended to discourage certain types of coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids, even though such a transaction may offer our
stockholders the opportunity to sell their stock at a price above the prevailing market price. 

We may suffer employment losses, which could negatively affect our future performance. 

Approximately 570 of U. S. Steel’s North American-based non-represented employees retired in 2009 as part of a voluntary early retirement program and a
significant number of those remaining are or will be eligible for retirement over the next several years. 

Over the last few years we had intensified our recruitment, training and retention efforts so that we may continue to optimally staff our operations, but we instituted a freeze on hiring in early 2009 in response
to the global economic recession. If we are unable to hire sufficient qualified replacements for those leaving, our future performance may be adversely impacted. With respect to our represented employees, we may be adversely impacted by the loss of
employees who retired or obtained other employment during the time they were laid off or subject to a work stoppage such as currently exists at Hamilton Works. 

38 

Table of Contents

We may experience difficulties implementing our enterprise resource planning (ERP) system. 

We continue to deploy an ERP system at our various locations to help us operate more
efficiently. This is a complex project, which is expected to be implemented in several phases over the next few years. We may not be able to successfully implement the ERP program without experiencing difficulties. In addition, the expected benefits
of implementing the ERP system may not be realized or the costs of implementation may outweigh the realized benefits. We modified the implementation schedule in early 2009 to reduce near-term costs. This action will delay the realization of benefits
from this project and may add to final project costs.