Related to the Difficult Economic Conditions 

All segments of our business continue to be impacted by the difficult economic
conditions that began with the global economic recession in 2008 and such effects have created certain risks and have also affected the other risks set forth below. U. S. Steel cannot predict the duration of the difficult economic conditions and the
trajectory of the recovery but both will have a significant impact on U. S. Steel. 

U. S. Steel and its end-product markets continue to be impacted by challenging economic conditions. 

The global economic recession that began in 2008 resulted in significantly lower demand and decreased profitability across all of our segments and major markets.
While the United States and Canada have shown an improved, but somewhat uneven recovery, Europe remains stagnant with continued economic and financial challenges. Overall, the current demand for steel products is lower when compared to the period
prior to the global economic downturn. 

While some of our end customer
markets supplied by our Flat-rolled and USSE segments, such as automotive, saw modest recoveries during 2010 and 2011, others, such as construction, remain severely depressed. Any decrese in oil and gas drilling activity could result in lower
customer demand for the products of our Tubular segment. Our operating levels and prices may remain at depressed levels until our customers’ demand increases. 

The ongoing EU debt crisis and economic declines in EU markets have affected product
demand and prices for USSE. Should conditions worsen in these markets, or additional markets suffer similar sovereign debt challenges, product demand and pricing may further deteriorate. While USSE does not directly or indirectly hold any sovereign
debt investments, dissolution and replacement of the Euro currency and the potential reintroduction of individual EU currencies could further adversely impact USSE and expose USSE to increased foreign exchange risk. 

China and certain other steel markets were affected less by the global recession and
rebounded more quickly in some cases to and even beyond 2008 levels. As a result, steel production serving these markets has increased, which has caused prices for iron ore, metallurgical coal and other raw materials to increase. This development
has caused, and will continue to cause, our costs to increase regardless of the state of recovery in our end markets. 

U. S. Steel may face increased risks of customer and supplier defaults. 

There is an increased risk of insolvency and other credit related issues of our
customers and suppliers, including their need to increase working capital as their businesses improve. We believe some of our customers and suppliers may not have sufficient credit available to them, which could delay payments from customers, result
in increased customer defaults and cause our suppliers to delay filling, or to be unable to fill, our needs. 

U. S. Steel’s joint ventures and other equity investees are also being affected by ongoing challenging economic conditions. 

U. S. Steel’s joint ventures and other equity affiliates are also engaged in the
production of steelmaking raw materials and finishing of flat-rolled and tubular products. As such, they face many of the same issues we do. Since these entities are smaller than U. S. Steel, they may have fewer resources available to them to
respond to ongoing challenging economic conditions. 

31 

Table of Contents

Risk Factors Concerning the Steel Industry 

Steel consumption is highly cyclical, and worldwide overcapacity in the steel
industry and the availability of alternative products have resulted in intense competition, which may have an adverse effect on profitability and cash flow, especially during periods of economic weakness. 

Steel consumption is highly cyclical and generally follows economic and industrial
conditions both worldwide and in regional markets. The steel industry has historically been characterized by excess global supply, which has led to substantial price decreases during periods of economic weakness. Substitute materials are
increasingly available for many steel products, which further reduces demand for steel. 

As the overall North American economy has recovered, we have experienced shorter business cycles with durations measured in weeks or months rather than the traditional multi-year cycles. This volatility makes it
difficult to balance the procurement of raw materials and energy with our steel production and customer product demand. 

Rapidly growing supply in China and other developing economies may grow faster than real demand in those economies, which may result in additional excess
worldwide capacity and falling steel prices. 

Over the last several
years, steel consumption in China and other developing economies has increased at a rapid pace. Steel companies have responded by rapidly increasing steel production capability in those countries and published reports state that further capacity
increases are likely. Steel production capability, especially in China, now appears to be well in excess of China’s home market demand. Because China is now the largest worldwide steel producer by a significant margin, any excess Chinese supply
could have a major impact on world steel trade and prices if this excess and subsidized production is exported to other markets. Since the Chinese steel industry is largely government owned, it has not been as adversely impacted by the ongoing
difficult economic conditions, and it can make production and sales decisions for non-market reasons. 

Increased imports of steel products into North America and Europe could negatively affect steel prices and demand levels and reduce our profitability. 

Steel imports to the United States accounted for an estimated 13 percent of the
U.S. steel market in 2011 and 2010 and 15 percent in 2009. Foreign competitors may have lower labor costs, and some are owned, controlled or subsidized by their governments, which allows their production and pricing decisions to be influenced
by political and economic policy considerations as well as prevailing market conditions. 

Imports of tubular products to the United States increased significantly beginning in 2008. Oil country tubular goods (OCTG) imports accounted for a large share of the growth, as they have more than doubled over
2007 levels. Imports of OCTG from China registered the most dramatic increase as they grew from 900 thousand tons in 2007 to nearly 2.3 million tons in 2008. The U.S. market experienced a surge in tubular imports in the second half of 2008
that resulted in record OCTG inventories by the end of the year, which affected demand in 2009. Chinese imports of seamless standard line and pressure pipe increased by more than 290 percent in the three months after the filing of antidumping and
countervailing duty petitions in September 2009, as compared to the three months prior to the filing. 

Imports of flat-rolled steel to Canada accounted for an estimated 36 percent of the Canadian market for flat-rolled steel products in 2011, 40 percent in 2010 and 39 percent in 2009. 

Total imports of flat-rolled carbon steel products to the EU27 (the 27 countries
currently comprising the EU) were 17 percent of the EU market in 2011, 14 percent in 2010 and 15 percent in 2009. 

Increases in future levels of imported steel to North America and Europe could reduce future market prices and demand levels for steel products produced in those markets. 

Imports into the United States, Canada and the EU have often violated the international
trade laws of these jurisdictions. While in some cases U. S. Steel and others have been successful in obtaining relief under these laws, in other circumstances relief has not been received. When received, such relief is generally subject
to 

32 

Table of Contents

automatic or discretionary recision or reduction. There can be no assurance that any such relief will be obtained or continued in the future or that such relief as obtained will be adequate.
There is also a risk that international bodies such as the World Trade Organization or judicial bodies in the United States, Canada or the EU may change their interpretations of these laws in ways unfavorable to U. S. Steel such as a recent United
States court ruling rejecting the applicability of countervailing duty laws to non market economies such as China. 

Limited availability of raw materials and energy may constrain operating levels and reduce profit margins. 

U. S. Steel and other steel producers have periodically been faced with problems in obtaining sufficient raw materials and energy in a timely manner due
to delays, defaults or force majeure events by suppliers, shortages or transportation problems (such as shortages of barges, ocean vessels, rail cars or trucks, or disruption of rail lines, waterways or natural gas transmission lines), resulting in
production curtailments. As a result, we may be exposed to risks concerning pricing and availability of raw materials from third parties. USSE purchases substantially all of its iron ore and coking coal requirements from outside sources. USSE is
also dependent upon availability of natural gas produced in Russia and transported through Ukraine. USSE experienced natural gas supply curtailments during Russia’s suspension of natural gas shipments to Europe in January 2009, resulting in
steel production curtailments, escalated costs and reduced profit margins. Since that time, we have taken steps to mitigate the effects of a future disruption including adding storage capacity in the Slovak Republic and the ability to have reverse
flow gas from the Czech Republic to Slovakia. Any future curtailments and escalated costs may further reduce profit margins. 

If we do not complete the ongoing projects to construct new coke batteries and the carbon alloy facility, or if these projects do not produce the anticipated
quality or volume of products, we will become increasingly dependent upon purchased coke as some of our existing batteries are approaching the end of their useful lives. 

Environmental compliance and remediation could result in substantially increased
capital requirements and operating costs. 

Steel producers in the
United States are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. These laws continue to evolve and are becoming increasingly stringent. The ultimate impact of complying with such laws
and regulations is not always clearly known or determinable because regulations under some of these laws have not yet been promulgated or are undergoing revision. Environmental laws and regulations, particularly the Clean Air Act, could result in
substantially increased capital, operating and compliance costs. 

International environmental requirements vary. While standards in the EU, Canada and Japan are generally comparable to U.S. standards, other nations, particularly
China, have substantially lesser requirements that may give competitors in such nations a competitive advantage. 

Greenhouse gas policies could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

The integrated steel process involves a series of chemical reactions involving carbon that create CO
2

. This distinguishes integrated steel producers from mini-mills and many other industries
where CO
2

 generation is generally linked to energy usage. In the United States,
the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has published rules for regulating greenhouse gas emissions for certain facilities and has implemented various reporting requirements. In the last Congress, legislation was passed in the House of
Representatives and introduced in the Senate. We do not know what action, if any, may be taken in the future by the current or a new session of Congress. The EU has established greenhouse gas regulations and Canada has published details of a
regulatory framework for greenhouse gas emissions. For a discussion of these, see “PART I – Business – Environmental Matters.” We cannot predict the final requirements that may be adopted in the United States and Canada, or the
form of future actions that may be taken by the EU; however, such limitations could entail substantial costs for emission allowances restriction of production and higher prices for coking coal, natural gas and electricity generated by carbon based
systems, which could have a negative effect on results of operations and cash flows. Since mini-mill production does not involve the same chemical reactions as integrated production, mini-mills may have a competitive advantage. Also, since China and
many other developing nations have not instituted greenhouse gas regulations, and since past international agreements such as the Kyoto Protocol provided 

33 

Table of Contents

exemptions and lesser standards for developing nations, we may also be at a competitive disadvantage with certain foreign steel producers. Many of our customers in the United States, Canada and
Europe may experience similar impacts, which could result in decreased demand for our products. 

Risk Factors Concerning U. S. Steel Legacy Obligations 

Our retiree health care and retiree life insurance plan costs, most of which are unfunded obligations, and our pension plan costs in North America are higher than those of many of our competitors. These plans
create a competitive disadvantage and negatively affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

We maintain retiree health care and life insurance and defined benefit pension plans covering most of our North American employees and former employees upon their retirement. As of December 31, 2011,
approximately 115,000 current employees, retirees and beneficiaries are participating in the plans to receive pension and/or medical benefits. At December 31, 2011, on an accounting basis, U. S. Steel’s retiree medical and life insurance
plans were underfunded by $2.7 billion and our pension plans were underfunded by $2.4 billion. 

Most of our employee benefits are subject to collective bargaining agreements with unionized workforces and will be subject to future negotiations. Minimum contributions to domestic qualified pension plans (other
than contributions to the Steelworkers Pension Trust (SPT) described below) are regulated under ERISA and the Pension Protection Act of 2006 (the PPA). Minimum contributions to U. S. Steel Canada (USSC) pension plans are governed by an agreement
entered into by Stelco Inc. (Stelco) and the Province of Ontario that U. S. Steel assumed in conjunction with the acquisition of Stelco. This unique agreement requires USSC to fund annually a C$70 million flat dollar contribution plus special
contributions for cost of living adjustments (COLA) indexing and other amendments adopted since 2006 for the four main USSC pension plans through 2015. After this time, the minimum contribution requirements for USSC’s plans are subject to
Ontario Canada provincial rules for funding defined benefit plans which generally require the funding of solvency deficiencies over a five year period and may require significantly more annual contributions than is currently required under a Stelco
(now U. S. Steel) agreement. 

The turmoil in financial markets during 2008
led to significant declines in the value of equity investments that are held by the trusts under our pension plans and the trust to pay for retiree health care and life insurance benefits. While some of the 2008 losses were recovered in 2009 and
2010, poorly performing global equity markets in 2011 negatively impacted our underfunded positions at December 31, 2011. Additionally, certain corporate bond rates are utilized in determining the discount rate used to measure our pension and
other benefit obligations for both U.S. GAAP and funding purposes. The Federal Reserve Board has continued to suppress interest rates in an attempt to stimulate the broader American economy, which has had the direct effect of lowering the bond rates
used in the determination of the appropriate discount rate. A lower discount rate reduces the funded position of these plans. If there is significant underfunding of the liabilities in our defined benefit pension plans, U. S. Steel, may be required
or may choose to make substantial contributions to these plans, which may divert committed capital to satisfy funding requirements related to these obligations and delay or cancel projects that we believe would increase our ability to meet our
customers’ needs as well as our profitability. 

U. S. Steel contributes
to a multiemployer defined benefit pension plan domestically for USW-represented employees formerly employed by National Steel and represented employees hired after May 2003 called the Steelworkers Pension Trust (SPT). We have legal requirements for
future funding of this plan should the SPT become significantly underfunded or we decide to withdraw from the plan. Either of these scenarios may negatively impact our future cash flows. The collective bargaining agreements with the USW entered into
effective September 1, 2008 (the 2008 CBAs) increased our required contributions to this plan from $1.80 to $2.65 per hour for most steelworker employees. Collectively bargained company contributions to the plan could increase as a result of
future changes agreed to by the Company and the USW. 

Despite the global
recession, domestic health care costs continue to increase each year, and could accelerate due to inflationary pressures on the overall health care trend rates. These pressures may in part stem from requirements legislated by the Patient Protection
and Affordable Care Act enacted in 2010. This may adversely impact our results of operations and cash flow. 

34 

Table of Contents

Many domestic and international competitors do not provide retiree health care and life insurance or defined benefit
pension plans, and other international competitors operate in jurisdictions with government sponsored retirement and health care plans that may offer them a cost advantage. Benefit obligations under our plans are not tied to operating rates;
therefore, our costs do not change to reflect general economic conditions. 

We have higher environmental remediation costs than our competitors. This creates a competitive disadvantage and negatively affects our results of operations
and cash flows. 

U. S. Steel is involved in numerous remediation
projects at currently operating facilities, facilities that have been closed or sold to unrelated parties and other sites where material generated by U. S. Steel was deposited. In addition, there are numerous other former operating or
disposal sites that could become the subject of remediation. For example, we recorded a charge of $18 million in 2011 related to a component of the Gary Works RCRA corrective action program, and we recorded a charge of $49 million in 2009 in
connection with the expanded scope of remediation at our former Geneva Works. 

Environmental remediation costs and related cash requirements of many of our competitors may be substantially less than ours. Many international competitors do not
face similar laws in the jurisdictions where they operate. Many U.S. competitors have substantially shorter operating histories than we do, resulting in less exposure for environmental remediation. Competitors that have obtained relief under
bankruptcy laws may have been released from certain environmental obligations that existed prior to the bankruptcy filing. 

Other Risk Factors Applicable to U. S. Steel 

Unplanned equipment outages and other unforeseen disruptions may reduce our results of operations. 

Our steel production depends on the operation of critical structures and pieces of
equipment, such as blast furnaces, casters, hot strip mills and various structures and operations that support them. It is possible that we could experience prolonged periods of reduced production and increased maintenance and repair costs due to
equipment failures at our facilities or those of our key suppliers. For example, we experienced a structural failure at Gary Works in 2010 that disrupted operations for several weeks. It is also possible that operations may be disrupted due to other
unforeseen circumstances such as power outages, explosions, fires, floods, accidents and severe weather conditions. We are also exposed to similar risks involving major customers and suppliers such as force majeure events of raw materials suppliers
that have occurred and may occur in the future. Production at USSE was curtailed in January 2009 due to the suspension of natural gas deliveries to Europe from Russia transported through Ukraine and we remain vulnerable to this risk. Since that
time, we have taken steps to mitigate the effects of a future disruption including adding storage capacity in the Slovak Republic and the ability to have reverse flow gas from the Czech Republic to Slovakia. Availability of raw materials and
delivery of products to customers could be affected by logistical disruptions (such as shortages of barges, ocean vessels, rail cars or trucks, or unavailability of rail lines or of locks on the Great Lakes or other bodies of water). To the extent
that lost production could not be compensated for at unaffected facilities and depending on the length of the outage, our sales and our unit production costs could be adversely affected. 

We may be adversely impacted by volatility in prices for raw materials, energy, and steel. 

In 2011, approximately 67 percent of U. S. Steel’s Flat-rolled segment sales in
the United States are based on sales contracts with volume commitments and durations of at least one quarter, while lesser percentages of Tubular and USSE segment sales are made pursuant to such contracts. These contracts generally have a fixed
price or a price that will fluctuate with changes in a defined index and do not always have firm volume commitments. During periods of rapid escalation of raw materials, energy and other costs such as was experienced in 2010, U. S. Steel may not be
able to recover these cost increases from customers with existing fixed price agreements. Conversely, some purchase contracts require annual commitments, or we may elect to make multi-year commitments, and in periods of rapid decline, such as 2009,
U. S. Steel may be faced with having agreed to purchase raw materials and energy at prices that are above the then current market price or in greater volumes than required. If steel prices decline, our profit margins on market-based indexed
contracts and spot business will be reduced. 

35 

Table of Contents

Declines in the production levels of our major customers could have an adverse effect on our financial position,
results of operations and cash flow. 

We sell to the automotive,
service center, converter, energy and appliance and construction-related industries, all of which have been signficantly impacted by the ongoing difficult economic conditions. Low demand from customers in these key markets may adversely affect our
results of operations. 

We face risks concerning new technologies,
products and increasing customer requirements. 

Technologies such as
direct iron reduction and carbon substitution may be more cost effective than our current production methods. However, we may not have sufficient capital to invest in such technologies and may from time to time, incur cost over-runs and difficulties
adapting and fully integrating these technologies into our existing operations. We may also encounter control or production restrictions, or not realize the cost benefit from such capital intensive technology adaptations to our current production
processes. Customers such as the automotive industry are demanding stronger and lighter products. Tubular customers are increasingly requesting pipe producers to supply connections and other ancillary parts as well as inspection and other services.
We may not be successful in meeting these technological challenges and there may be increased liability exposures connected with the supply of additional products and services. Events such as well failures, line pipe leaks, blowouts, bursts, fires
and product recalls could result in claims that our products or services were defective and caused death, personal injury, property damage or environmental pollution. The insurance we maintain may not be adequate, available to protect us in the
event of a claim, or its coverage may be limited, canceled or otherwise terminated, or the amount of our insurance may be less than the related impact on our enterprise value after a loss. 

The terms of our indebtedness contain provisions that may limit our flexibility. 

The Amended Credit Agreement is secured by a lien on a majority of our domestic
inventory and certain of our accounts receivable and includes a fixed charge coverage ratio covenant that applies to the most recent four consecutive quarters when availability under the Amended Credit Agreement is less than the greater of 10% of
the total aggregrate commitments and $87.5 million. Because the Amended Credit Agreement was undrawn throughout 2011, this covenant was not applicable. The value or levels of inventory may decrease or we may not be able to meet this covenant in the
future, and either or both of these situations would limit our ability to borrow under the Amended Credit Agreement. We also amended our RPA during 2011 to increase the maximum amount of receivables eligible for sale by $100 million to $625 million.
As of December 31, 2011, we have sold $380 million of our receivables to third party commercial paper conduits to fund our working capital requirements. Reductions in accounts receivable would reduce the amount of receivables available for
sale. 

In general, availability under the Amended Credit Agreement is
limited to a monthly borrowing base for certain eligible domestic inventory. Inventory reductions could limit availability to less than the potential $875 million. If availability under the Amended Credit Agreement is less than the greater of 10% of
the total aggregate commitments and $87.5 million, we would also be subject to a fixed charge coverage ratio covenant. In addition, beginning on February 13, 2014 and extending until the repayment or conversion of the 4.00% senior convertible
notes, we must maintain minimum liquidity of at least $350 million if the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the 4.00% senior convertible notes is $350 million or greater; or minimum liquidity of $175 million, if the outstanding principal
amount is lower than $350 million. The minimum liquidity (as further defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) must include at least $145 million of availability under the Amended Credit Agreement. This may be a particular problem as market
conditions and order levels continue to improve and U. S. Steel needs the liquidity to build working capital. We have granted the lenders under the Amended Credit Agreement a secured position in our most liquid assets, which may be a detriment to
other creditors. 

The Amended Credit Agreement, our Senior Convertible Notes
issued in 2009 and our $2.2 billion of Senior Notes issued in 2007 and 2010 also contain covenants limiting our ability to create liens and engage in sale-leasebacks. Additionally, the repayment of amounts outstanding under the Amended Credit
Agreement and repurchase of the Senior Convertible Notes and Senior Notes is required upon a change of control under specified circumstances, as well as other customary provisions. The Amended Credit Agreement, the Senior Convertible Notes and the
RPA have provisions that certain defaults under a material debt obligation could cause a default under the Amended Credit Agreement or the Senior Convertible Notes or termination of the RPA. These terms may affect our liquidity, our ability to
operate our business and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities. 

36 

Table of Contents

Rating agencies may downgrade our credit ratings, which would make it more difficult for us to raise capital and
would increase our financial costs. 

Any downgrades in our credit
ratings may make raising capital more difficult, may increase the cost and affect the terms of future borrowings, may affect the terms under which we purchase goods and services and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business
opportunities. 

“Change in control” clauses in our financial
and labor agreements grant the other parties to those agreements rights to accelerate obligations and to terminate or extend our labor agreements. 

Upon the occurrence of “change in control” events specified in our Senior Notes, Amended Credit Agreement, Senior Convertible Notes and various other
contracts and leases, the holders of our indebtedness may require us to immediately repurchase or repay that debt on less than favorable terms. Additionally, the 2008 CBAs give the USW the right to either terminate or extend the collective
bargaining agreements for an additional four years. Among other things, these provisions may make a takeover of U. S. Steel more difficult. 

A “change of control” is generally defined to include any of the following: (a) the acquisition by a person or group of at least 35 percent of
our common stock, (b) a merger in which holders of our common stock own less than a majority of the equity in the resulting entity, or (c) replacement of a majority of the members of our Board of Directors by persons who were not nominated
by our current directors. 

Our operations expose us to uncertainties
and risks in the countries in which we operate, which could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

Our U.S. operations are subject to economic conditions and political factors in the United States, which if changed could negatively affect our results of
operations and cash flow. Political factors include, but are not limited to, taxation, inflation, increased regulation, limitations on exports of energy and raw materials, and trade remedies. Actions taken by the U.S. government could affect our
results of operations and cash flow. 

USSK, located in Slovakia and USSC,
located in Canada, constitute 31 percent of our global raw steel production capability. Both of them are subject to economic conditions and political factors in the countries in which they are located, and USSK is additionally subject to
economic conditions and political factors associated with the EU and the Euro currency. Changes in any of these economic conditions or political factors could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flow. Political factors include, but
are not limited to, taxation, nationalization, inflation, government instability, civil unrest, increased regulation and quotas, tariffs and other protectionist measures. 

Any future foreign acquisitions or expansions could expose us to similar risks.

We are subject to significant foreign currency risks, which could
negatively impact our profitability and cash flows. 

Our foreign
operations accounted for approximately 31 percent of our net sales in 2011. The financial condition and results of operations of USSK and USSC are reported in various foreign currencies and then translated into U.S. dollars at the applicable
exchange rate for inclusion in our financial statements. The appreciation of the U.S. dollar against these foreign currencies could have a negative impact on our consolidated results of operations. 

In addition, international cash requirements have been and in the future may be funded
by intercompany loans, creating intercompany monetary assets and liabilities in currencies other than the functional currencies of the entities involved, which can have a non-cash impact on income when they are remeasured at the end of each period.
A $1.6 billion U.S. dollar-denominated intercompany loan from a U.S. subsidiary to a European subsidiary was the primary exposure at December 31, 2011. 

If the EU abandons the Euro, or if one or more members withdraw, the re-introduction of individual currencies, would expose us to foreign exchange rate risks for
each currency. 

37 

Table of Contents

Any future foreign acquisitions or expansions may increase such risks. 

Our business requires substantial expenditures for debt service, obligations,
capital investment, operating leases and maintenance that we may be unable to fund. 

With $3.8 billion of long-term debt outstanding as of December 31, 2011, we have significant debt service requirements. 

Our operations are capital intensive. For the five-year period ended December 31, 2011, total capital expenditures were $3.4 billion. At December 31,
2011, our contractual commitments to acquire property, plant and equipment totaled $257 million and we were obligated to make aggregate lease payments of $159 million under operating leases. 

In addition to capital expenditures and lease payments, we spend significant amounts
for maintenance of raw material, steelmaking and steel-finishing facilities. 

As of December 31, 2011, we had contingent obligations consisting of indemnity obligations under active surety bonds, trusts and letters of credit totaling
approximately $173 million and contractual purchase commitments, including “take or pay” arrangements, totalling approximately $10.2 billion. 

Our business may not generate sufficient operating cash flow or external financing sources may not be available in amounts sufficient, to enable us to service or
refinance our indebtedness or to fund capital expenditures and other liquidity needs. The limitations under our Amended Credit Agreement and RPA, described above, may limit our availability to draw upon these facilities. We intend to indefinitely
reinvest undistributed foreign earnings outside the United States; however, if we need to repatriate funds in the future to satisfy our liquidity needs, the tax consequences would reduce income and cash flow. 

U. S. Steel is exposed to uninsured losses. 

Our insurance coverage against catastrophic casualty and business interruption
exposures contains certain common exclusions, substantial deductibles and self insured retentions. 

Our collective bargaining agreements may limit our flexibility. 

Most hourly employees of U. S. Steel’s flat-rolled, tubular, cokemaking and iron ore pellet facilities in the United States are covered by the 2008 CBAs, which expire on September 1, 2012. These
agreements contain provisions that prohibit us from pursuing any North American transaction involving steel or steel-related assets without the consent of the USW, grant the USW a right to bid on any sale of one or more facilities covered by the
2008 CBAs, require us to make reasonable and necessary capital expenditures to maintain the competitive status of our domestic facilities and require mandatory pre-funding of a trust for retiree health care and life insurance. These agreements also
restrict our ability to trade, sell or use foreign-produced coke and iron ore in North America, and further require that the ratio of non-USW employees to USW employees at our domestic facilities not exceed one to five. 

While other domestic integrated unionized steel producers have similar requirements in
their agreements with the USW, non-union producers are not subject to such requirements. 

In Europe, most represented employees at USSK are represented by the OZ Metalurg union and are covered by an agreement that expires in March 2012. 

We are at risk of labor stoppages. 

Our collective bargaining agreements covering most of our domestic employees expire September 1, 2012 and our USSK labor agreement expires in March 2012. We
are at risk for work stoppages thereafter or if unauthorized job actions occur. 

38 

Table of Contents

We are exposed to potential impairment of goodwill recorded on our balance sheet. 

Our acquisitions of Lone Star Technologies, Inc. (Lone Star) and Stelco, Inc. (Stelco)
created goodwill on our balance sheet which totaled $1.8 billion as of December 31, 2011, and which exposes us to the risk of future impairment charges. Our Flat-rolled reporting unit was allocated goodwill from the Stelco and Lone Star
acquisitions in 2007 and our Texas Operations reporting unit, which is part of our Tubular operating segment, was allocated goodwill from the Lone Star acquisition. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level annually in the third
quarter and whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. The evaluation of impairment involves comparing the estimated fair value of the associated reporting unit to its carrying value, including
goodwill. Fair value is determined based on consideration of the income, market and cost approaches as applicable in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 820. 

If business conditions deteriorate or other factors have an adverse effect on our
estimates of discounted future cash flows or compound annual growth rate, future tests of goodwill impairment may result in an impairment charge. The assumptions used will have a large impact on the conclusions reached in future tests. As of
December 31, 2011, the Flat-rolled and Texas Operations reporting units have $945 million and $834 million of goodwill, respectively. The 2011 annual goodwill impairment test showed that the estimated fair values of our Flat-rolled and
Texas Operations reporting units exceeded their carrying values by approximately $1.5 billion and $375 million, respectively. A 75 basis point increase in the discount rate, a critical assumption in which even a minor change can have a
significant impact on the estimated fair value of the reporting unit, would decrease the fair value of the Flat-rolled and Texas Operations reporting units by approximately $1.2 billion and $210 million, respectively. 

There are risks associated with future acquisitions. 

The success of any future acquisitions will depend substantially on the accuracy of our
analysis concerning such businesses and our ability to complete such acquisitions on favorable terms, to finance such acquisitions and to integrate the acquired operations successfully with existing operations. If we are unable to integrate new
operations successfully, our financial results and business reputation could suffer. Our acquisitions in 2007 involved purchase prices significantly higher than the prices we paid for our acquisitions in 2003. Such prices will make it more difficult
to achieve adequate financial returns. Additional risks associated with acquisitions are the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns, the potential loss of key employees and customers of the acquired companies, the
possible assumption of unknown liabilities, potential disputes with the sellers, and the inherent risks in entering markets or lines of business in which we have limited or no prior experience. International acquisitions may present unique
challenges and increase the Company’s exposure to the risks associated with foreign operations and countries. Antitrust and other laws in foreign jurisdictions may prevent us from completing acquisitions. Future acquisitions may result in
additional goodwill. 

There are risks associated with existing and
potential accounting and tax requirements. 

We do not recognize a
tax benefit for pre-tax losses in jurisdictions where we have recorded a full valuation allowance for accounting purposes. As a result, the pre-tax losses associated with USSC do not provide any tax benefit for accounting purposes. Significant
changes in the mix of pre-tax results among the jurisdictions in which we operate could have a material impact on our effective tax rate. Similarly, our use of intercompany loans has and in the future may have significant impacts on our financial
statements as a result of foreign currency accounting remeasurement effects. Potential future accounting changes could negatively affect our profitability and cash flow. Even if the impacts are non cash they may materially impact perceptions and
judgments about us by rating agencies and investors. Changes in tax law could also negatively affect our profitability and cash flow. 

We may be subject to litigation, the resolution of which could negatively affect our profitability and cash flow in a particular period. 

Our profitability or cash flow in a particular period could be affected by an adverse
ruling in any litigation currently pending in the courts or by litigation that may be filed against us in the future. For information regarding our current significant legal proceedings, see Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

39 

Table of Contents

Provisions of Delaware Law, and our governing documents may make a takeover of U. S. Steel more
difficult. 

Certain provisions of Delaware law, our certificate of
incorporation and by-laws could make more difficult or delay our acquisition by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise and the removal of incumbent directors. These provisions are intended to discourage certain types of coercive
takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids, even though such a transaction may offer our stockholders the opportunity to sell their stock at a price above the prevailing market price. 

A person or group could establish a substantial position in U. S. Steel stock. 

Our rights plan expired on December 31, 2011 and was not renewed. The absence of a
rights plan may make it easier for a person or group to acquire a substantial position in U. S. Steel stock. Such person or group may have interests adverse to the interests of other stockholders. 

We may suffer employment losses, which could negatively affect our future
performance. 

Approximately 570 of U. S. Steel’s North
American-based non-represented employees retired in 2009 as part of a voluntary early retirement program and a significant number of those remaining are or will be eligible for retirement over the next several years. 

Over the last few years we had intensified our recruitment, training and retention
efforts so that we may continue to optimally staff our operations. If we are unable to hire sufficient qualified replacements for those leaving, our future performance may be adversely impacted. With respect to our represented employees, we may be
adversely impacted by the loss of employees who retired or obtained other employment during the time they were laid off or subject to a work stoppage. 

We may experience difficulties implementing our enterprise resource planning (ERP) system. 

We continue to deploy an ERP system at our various locations to help us operate more efficiently. This is a complex project, which is
expected to be implemented in several phases over the next few years. We may not be able to successfully implement the ERP program without experiencing difficulties. In addition, the expected benefits of implementing the ERP system, such as
increased productivity and operating efficiencies, may not be fully realized or the costs of implementation may outweigh the realized benefits. We modified the implementation schedule in early 2009 to reduce near-term costs. This action will delay
the realization of benefits from this project and may add to final project costs.