Related to the Challenging Regional and Global Economic Conditions 

All segments of our business continue to be impacted by the challenging economic conditions that began with the global economic recession in 2008. U. S. Steel
cannot predict the duration of the difficult economic conditions and the trajectory of the recovery but both will have a significant impact on U. S. Steel both regionally and globally. 

U. S. Steel and its end-product markets continue to be impacted by challenging economic and political conditions.

The global economic recession that began in 2008 resulted in
significantly lower demand and decreased profitability across all of our segments and major markets. According to published sources, apparent steel consumption in the United States and Canada have shown slight improvement in each of the last 3
years, but consumption remains below levels experienced in the period from 2003 – 2007. In Europe, steel consumption has recovered at a slower pace and little, if any, improvement is forecasted for 2013. 

While some of our end customer markets supplied by our Flat-rolled and USSE segments
saw modest recoveries during 2011 and 2012, others, such as construction, remain depressed. Our tubular business is heavily dependent upon the level of oil and natural gas drilling activity in the United States. Lower natural gas prices in 2012
resulted in less natural gas drilling. Since our Flat-rolled segment supplies the majority of the substrate used by our Tubular segment, any decrease in Tubular demand also adversely affects our Flat-rolled segment. Our operating levels and prices
may remain at depressed levels until demand increases. 

31 

Table of Contents

The ongoing EU sovereign debt crisis and economic declines in EU markets have affected product demand and prices for
USSE. Should conditions worsen in these markets, product demand and pricing may further deteriorate. While USSE does not directly or indirectly hold any sovereign debt investments, dissolution and replacement of the Euro currency and the potential
reintroduction of individual EU currencies could further adversely impact USSE and expose USSE to increased foreign exchange risk. 

Ongoing domestic fiscal issues have adversely affected product demand as many customers are deferring major capital investment projects until there is clear
direction surrounding these uncertainties. The ultimate outcome of these matters may also adversely affect our costs. 

Domestic monetary policy, particularly the quantitative easing and the suppression of interest rates by the Federal Reserve, can have significant impacts on U. S.
Steel. Continued suppression of interest rates may negatively affect certain calculations for our defined benefit pension and retiree medical obligations, which are discussed in more detail below. An eventual increase in interest rates may increase
our borrowing costs. Changes in monetary policy may also affect our customers and suppliers in ways that may be detrimental to U. S. Steel. 

China and certain other steel markets were affected less by the global recession and have rebounded more quickly in some cases to, and even beyond 2008 levels. As a
result, steel production serving these markets has increased, which has caused prices for iron ore, metallurgical coal and other raw materials to increase. This development has caused, and may continue to cause, our costs to increase regardless of
the state of recovery in our end markets. 

U. S. Steel may
face increased risks of customer and supplier defaults. 

As the
economy continues to recover, our customers and suppliers have been forced to increase their working capital. We believe some of our customers and suppliers may not have sufficient credit available to them, which could reduce orders and delay
payments from customers, resulting in increased customer defaults and cause our suppliers to delay filling, or to be unable to fill, our needs. 

U. S. Steel’s joint ventures and other equity investees are also being affected by ongoing challenging economic conditions. 

U. S. Steel’s joint ventures and other equity affiliates are also engaged in the
production of steelmaking, procurement of raw materials and finishing of flat-rolled and tubular products. As such, they face many of the same issues we do. Since these entities are smaller than U. S. Steel, they may have fewer resources available
to them to respond to ongoing challenging economic conditions. Since the other participants in these joint ventures face many of the same issues, their ability to make capital contributions or do business with these ventures may also be reduced.

Risk Factors Concerning the Steel Industry 

Worldwide overcapacity and excess supply in the steel industry may negatively
affect the profitability of steel producers, including U. S. Steel. 

The steel industry has historically been characterized by excess global capacity and supply, which has led to substantial price decreases during periods of economic
recession. There has also been a pattern of worldwide capacity increases, which have been in excess of the growth in demand of steel products during periods when steel markets are stronger. Continued excess capacity, especially in developing,
non-market economies such as China, will potentially result in an over-supply of steel causing downward pricing pressures, which may further reduce our domestic market share, profitability and financial results. 

Imports of tubular products to the United States have continued to increase over the
past several years. As foreign and other domestic producers increase their capacity and the availability of tubular products through importation and the construction of new manufacturing facilities in the United States, supply of certain energy
related tubular products to the domestic markets we serve will increase and may adversely affect our market share, profit margins, operating results and financial position. 

32 

Table of Contents

The steel industry is highly cyclical, which can potentially have an adverse effect on our operations.

Steel consumption is highly cyclical and generally follows economic
and industrial conditions both worldwide and in regional markets. As the overall North American economy continues to recover, we have experienced shorter business cycles with durations measured in months rather than the traditional multi-year
cycles. This volatility makes it difficult to balance the procurement of raw materials and energy with our steel production and customer product demand and can negatively impact our operations. 

We face increased competition from alternative materials, which could impact the
price of steel and adversely affect our profitability and cash flow. 

As a result of increasingly stringent regulatory requirements, designers, engineers and industrial manufacturers, especially those in the automotive industry, are
increasing their use of lighter weight and alternative materials, such as aluminum, composites, plastics and carbon fiber in their products. Increased government incentives and requirements for the use of such materials to meet regulatory
requirements could reduce the demand for steel products, which could potentially reduce our profitability and cash flows. 

Rapidly growing supply in China and other developing economies may grow faster than real demand in those economies, which may result in additional excess
worldwide capacity and falling steel prices. 

Over the last several
years, steel consumption in China and other developing economies has increased at a rapid pace. Steel companies have responded by rapidly increasing steel production capability in those countries and published reports state that further capacity
increases are likely. Steel production capability, especially in China, now appears to be well in excess of China’s home market demand. Because China is now the largest worldwide steel producer by a significant margin, any excess Chinese supply
could have a major impact on world steel trade and prices if this excess and subsidized production is exported to other markets. Since the Chinese steel industry is largely government owned, it has not been as adversely impacted by the ongoing
difficult economic conditions, and it can make production and sales decisions for non-market reasons. 

Increased imports of steel products into North America and Europe could negatively affect steel prices and demand levels and reduce our profitability. 

Steel sheet imports to the United States accounted for an estimated 14 percent in 2012
and 13 percent of the U.S. steel sheet market in 2011 and 2010. Imports of energy related tubular products to the United States remain at high levels and accounted for an estimated 52 percent in 2012, 47 percent in 2011 and 46 percent in
2010. Foreign competitors may have lower labor costs, and some are owned, controlled or subsidized by their governments, which allows their production and pricing decisions to be influenced by political and economic policy considerations as well as
prevailing market conditions. 

Imports of flat-rolled steel to Canada
accounted for an estimated 34 percent of the Canadian market for flat-rolled steel products in 2012, 35 percent in 2011 and 40 percent in 2010. 

Total imports of flat-rolled carbon steel products to the EU27 (the 27 countries currently comprising the EU) were 13 percent of the EU market in 2012, 17 percent
in 2011 and 14 percent in 2010. 

Increases in future levels of imported
steel to North America and Europe could reduce future market prices and demand levels for steel products produced in those markets. 

We have been and continue to be adversely affected by violations of international trade laws. 

Imports into the United States, Canada and the EU have often violated the international trade laws of these jurisdictions. While in some
cases, U. S. Steel and others have been successful in obtaining relief under these laws, in other circumstances, relief has been denied. When received, such relief is generally subject to automatic or discretionary review, rescission or
reduction. There can be no assurance that any such relief will be obtained or continued in the future or that such relief as obtained will be adequate. Since the DOC is a cabinet level 

33 

Table of Contents

department and the ITC is headed by Commissioners nominated by the President and confirmed by the Senate, there may be political factors that reduce the level of protection against violation of
international trade laws. There is also a risk that international bodies such as the World Trade Organization or judicial bodies in the United States, Canada or the EU may change their interpretations of these laws in ways unfavorable to U. S.
Steel. 

Limited availability of raw materials and energy may constrain
operating levels and reduce profit margins. 

U. S. Steel
and other steel producers have periodically been faced with problems in obtaining sufficient raw materials and energy in a timely manner due to delays, defaults or force majeure events by suppliers, shortages or transportation problems (such as
shortages of barges, ocean vessels, rail cars or trucks, or disruption of rail lines, waterways or natural gas transmission lines), resulting in production curtailments. As a result, we may be exposed to risks concerning pricing and availability of
raw materials from third parties. As other areas of the world have recovered faster than North America and Europe, raw materials demand and prices have increased. USSE purchases substantially all of its iron ore and coking coal requirements from
outside sources. USSE is also dependent upon availability of natural gas produced in Russia and transported through Ukraine. Any curtailments and escalated costs may further reduce profit margins. 

If our newly constructed coke battery or our carbon alloy facility, currently under
various stages of start-up and construction, do not produce the anticipated quality or volume of products, we may become dependent upon purchased coke as some of our existing batteries are approaching the end of their useful lives. 

Environmental compliance and remediation could result in substantially increased
capital requirements and operating costs. 

Steel producers in the
United States, along with their customers and suppliers, are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. Steel producers in the EU are also subject to similar laws. These laws
continue to evolve and are becoming increasingly stringent. The ultimate impact of complying with such laws and regulations is not always clearly known or determinable because regulations under some of these laws have not yet been promulgated or are
undergoing revision. Environmental laws and regulations, particularly the CAA, could result in substantially increased capital, operating and compliance costs. 

International environmental requirements vary. While standards in the EU, Canada and Japan are generally comparable to U.S. standards, other nations, particularly
China, have substantially lesser requirements that may give competitors in such nations a competitive advantage. 

Greenhouse gas policies could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

The integrated steel process involves a series of chemical reactions involving carbon that create CO
2

. This distinguishes integrated steel producers from mini-mills and many other industries
where CO
2

 generation is generally linked to energy usage. In the United States,
the EPA has published rules for regulating greenhouse gas emissions for certain facilities and has implemented various reporting requirements. In a previous Congressional session, legislation regulating CO
2

 emissions was passed in the House of Representatives and introduced in the Senate. We do not
know what action, if any, may be taken by the current or future sessions of Congress. The EU has established greenhouse gas regulations and Canada has published details of a regulatory framework for greenhouse gas emissions. For a discussion of
these, see “PART I – Business – Environmental Matters.” We cannot predict the final requirements that may be adopted in the United States and Canada, or the form of future actions that may be taken by the EU; however, such
actions could entail substantial costs for emission allowances, restriction of production and higher prices for coking coal, natural gas and electricity generated by carbon based systems. This could have a negative effect on results of our
operations and cash flows. Since mini-mill production does not involve the same chemical reactions as integrated production, mini-mills may have a competitive advantage. Additionally, since China and many other developing nations have not instituted
greenhouse gas regulations, and since past international agreements such as the Kyoto Protocol provided exemptions and lesser standards for developing nations, we may be at a competitive disadvantage with certain foreign steel producers. Many of our
customers in the United States, Canada and Europe may experience similar impacts, which could result in decreased demand and lower prices for our products. 

34 

Table of Contents

Risk Factors Concerning U. S. Steel Legacy Obligations 

Our retiree health care and retiree life insurance plan costs, most of which are
unfunded obligations, and our pension plan costs in North America are higher than those of many of our competitors. These plans create a competitive disadvantage and negatively affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

We maintain retiree health care and life insurance and defined benefit pension plans
covering many of our North American employees and former employees upon their retirement. As of December 31, 2012, approximately 142,000 current employees, retirees and beneficiaries are participating in the plans to receive pension and/or
healthcare and life insurance benefits. At December 31, 2012, on an accounting basis, U. S. Steel’s retiree medical and life insurance plans were underfunded by $2.2 billion and our pension plans were underfunded by $2.7 billion.

Most of our employee benefits are subject to collective bargaining
agreements and will be subject to future negotiations. About two thirds of our costs for the domestic USW participants’ retiree health benefits in the Company’s main domestic other benefit plan are limited to a per capita dollar maximum
calculation based on 2006 base year actual costs incurred under the main U. S. Steel benefit plan for USW participants (the “cost cap”). The full effect of the cost cap was deferred in the 2012 Labor Agreements until 2015. If the cost cap
was not in place, our accumulated postretirement benefit obligation for our other benefit plans could increase by $1.3 billion. 

Minimum contributions to domestic qualified pension plans (other than contributions to the Steelworkers Pension Trust (SPT) described below) are regulated under
ERISA and the Pension Protection Act of 2006 (the PPA). Minimum contributions to USSC pension plans are governed by an agreement entered into by Stelco Inc. (Stelco) and the Province of Ontario that U. S. Steel assumed in conjunction with the
acquisition of Stelco (the Agreement). The Agreement requires USSC to fund annually a C$70 million flat dollar contribution plus special contributions for cost of living adjustments (COLA) indexing and other amendments adopted since 2006 for the
four main USSC pension plans through 2015. After this time, the minimum contribution requirements for USSC’s plans are subject to provincial rules for funding defined benefit plans which generally require the funding of solvency deficiencies
over a five year period. This may require significantly more annual contributions than is currently required under the Agreement. 

Assets held by the trusts under our pension plans and our trust for retiree health care and life insurance benefits are subject to the risks, uncertainties and
variability of the financial markets. Additionally, certain corporate bond rates are utilized in determining the discount rate used to measure our pension and other benefit obligations for both U.S. GAAP and funding purposes. The Federal Reserve
Board has continued to suppress interest rates in an attempt to stimulate the broader American economy, which has had the direct effect of lowering the bond rates used in the determination of the appropriate discount rate. A lower discount rate
reduces the funded position of these plans. The pension stabilization legislation, enacted during 2012, includes a revised interest rate formula used to measure defined benefit pension obligations for calculating minimum annual contributions. The
new interest rate formula for funding purposes is expected to result in higher interest rates compared to prior law over the next few years which will improve the funded status of our main defined benefit pension plan and reduce minimum required
contributions, but does not impact the Company’s accumulated benefit obligation for U.S. GAAP measurement and financial statement recognition purposes. This reduces, but does not eliminate, the risk of mandatory contributions. 

The level of cash funding for our defined benefit pension plans in future years depends
upon various factors including voluntary contributions that we may make, future pension plan asset performance, actual interest rates under the law, and the impacts of business acquisitions or divestitures, union negotiated benefit changes and
future government regulations, many of which are not within our control. 

If
there is significant underfunding of the obligations under our defined benefit pension plans, U. S. Steel may be required, or may choose to make substantial contributions to these plans, which may divert committed capital to satisfy funding
requirements related to these obligations and delay or cancel capital projects that we believe would increase our ability to meet our customers’ needs as well as improve our profitability. 

U. S. Steel contributes domestically to a multiemployer defined benefit pension plan,
the SPT, for USW-represented employees formerly employed by National Steel and represented employees hired after May 2003. 

35 

Table of Contents

We have legal requirements for future funding of this plan should the SPT become significantly underfunded or we decide to withdraw from the plan. Either of these scenarios may negatively impact
our future cash flows. The 2012 Labor Agreements with the USW continue to require the same contribution rate from the previous 2008 labor agreements of $2.65 per hour for most steelworker employees. Collectively bargained company contributions to
the plan could increase as a result of future changes agreed to by the Company and the USW. 

Despite the global recession, domestic health care costs continue to increase each year, and could accelerate due to inflationary pressures on the overall health care trend rates, government mandates such as the
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, and advances in medicine and pharmacology. These may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flow. Benefit obligations under our plans are not tied to operating rates or financial
results; therefore, our costs do not change to reflect general economic conditions. 

Many domestic and international competitors do not provide retiree health care and life insurance or defined benefit pension plans to their employees. Many other international competitors operate in jurisdictions
with government sponsored retirement and health care plans that may offer them a cost advantage. 

We have higher environmental remediation costs than our competitors. This may create a competitive disadvantage and negatively affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

U. S. Steel is involved in numerous remediation projects at currently operating
facilities, facilities that have been closed or sold to unrelated parties and other sites where material generated by U. S. Steel was deposited. In addition, there are numerous other former operating or disposal sites that could become the
subject of remediation. For example, we recorded a charge of $18 million in 2011 related to a component of the Gary Works RCRA corrective action program. 

Environmental remediation costs and related cash requirements of many of our competitors may be substantially less than ours. Many international competitors do not
face similar laws in the jurisdictions where they operate. Many U.S. competitors have substantially shorter operating histories than we do, resulting in less exposure for environmental remediation. Competitors that have obtained relief under
bankruptcy laws have been released from certain environmental obligations that existed prior to their bankruptcy filings. 

Other Risk Factors Applicable to U. S. Steel 

Unplanned equipment outages and other unforeseen disruptions may reduce our results of operations. 

Our steel production depends on the operation of critical structures and pieces of
equipment, such as blast furnaces, casters, hot strip mills and various structures and operations that support them. It is possible that we could experience prolonged periods of reduced production and increased maintenance and repair costs due to
equipment failures at our facilities or those of our key suppliers. For example, we experienced a structural failure at Gary Works in 2010 that disrupted operations for several weeks. It is also possible that operations may be disrupted due to other
unforeseen circumstances such as power outages, explosions, fires, floods, accidents and severe weather conditions. We are also exposed to similar risks involving major customers and suppliers such as force majeure events of raw materials suppliers
that have occurred and may occur in the future. Availability of raw materials and delivery of products to customers could be affected by logistical disruptions, such as shortages of barges, ocean vessels, rail cars or trucks, or unavailability of
rail lines or of locks on the Great Lakes or other bodies of water. To the extent that lost production could not be compensated for at unaffected facilities and depending on the length of the outage, our sales and our unit production costs could be
adversely affected. 

We may be adversely impacted by volatility in
prices for raw materials, energy, and steel. 

In 2012, approximately
68 percent of U. S. Steel’s Flat-rolled segment sales in the United States are based on sales contracts with volume commitments and durations of at least one quarter, while lesser percentages of Tubular and USSE segment sales are made pursuant
to such contracts. These contracts generally have a fixed price or a price that will fluctuate with changes in a defined index and do not always have firm volume commitments. During periods of rapid escalation of raw materials, energy and other
costs, U. S. Steel may not be 

36 

Table of Contents

able to recover these cost increases from customers with existing fixed price agreements. Conversely, some purchase contracts require annual commitments, or we may elect to make multi-year
commitments, and in periods of rapid decline, U. S. Steel may be faced with having agreed to purchase raw materials and energy at prices that are above the then current market price or in greater volumes than required. If steel prices decline, our
profit margins on market-based indexed contracts and spot business will be reduced. 

Declines in the production levels of our major customers could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

We sell to the automotive, service center, converter, energy and appliance and
construction-related industries, all of which have been significantly impacted by the ongoing challenging economic conditions. Low demand from customers in these key markets may adversely affect our results of operations. 

We face risks concerning new technologies, products and increasing customer
requirements. 

Technologies such as direct iron reduction and carbon
substitution may be more cost effective than our current production methods. However, we may not have sufficient capital to invest in such technologies and may, from time to time, incur cost over-runs and difficulties adapting and fully integrating
these technologies into our existing operations. We may also encounter control or production restrictions, or not realize the cost benefit from such capital intensive technology adaptations to our current production processes. Customers such as the
automotive industry are demanding stronger and lighter products. Tubular customers are increasingly requesting pipe producers to supply connections and other ancillary parts as well as inspection and other services. We may not be successful in
meeting these technological challenges and there may be increased liability exposures connected with the supply of additional products and services. 

Product liability claims could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

Events such as well failures, line pipe leaks, blowouts, bursts, fires and product
recalls could result in claims that our products or services were defective and caused death, personal injury, property damage or environmental pollution. The insurance we maintain may not be adequate, available to protect us in the event of a
claim, or its coverage may be limited, canceled or otherwise terminated, or the amount of our insurance may be less than the related impact on our enterprise value after a loss. 

The terms of our indebtedness contain provisions that may limit our flexibility.

The Amended Credit Agreement is secured by a lien on a majority of
our domestic inventory and certain of our accounts receivable and includes a fixed charge coverage ratio covenant that applies to the most recent four consecutive quarters when availability under the Amended Credit Agreement is less than the greater
of 10% of the total aggregate commitments and $87.5 million. The value or levels of inventory may decrease or we may not be able to meet this covenant in the future, and either or both of these situations would limit our ability to borrow under the
Amended Credit Agreement. 

In addition, beginning on February 13, 2014
and extending until the repayment or conversion of the 4.00% senior convertible notes, we must maintain minimum liquidity (as further defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) of at least $350 million, if the aggregate outstanding principal amount of
the 4.00% senior convertible notes is $350 million or greater; or minimum liquidity of $175 million, if the outstanding principal amount is lower than $350 million. The minimum liquidity must include at least $145 million of availability
under the Amended Credit Agreement. This may be a particular problem as market conditions and order levels continue to improve when U. S. Steel may need the liquidity to build working capital. We have granted the lenders under the Amended
Credit Agreement a secured position in our most liquid assets, which may be a detriment to other creditors. 

We also have a Receivables Purchase Agreement (RPA) that provides liquidity depending on the amount of eligible domestic trade accounts receivables. Reductions in accounts receivable would reduce the amount of
receivables available for sale. 

37 

Table of Contents

The Amended Credit Agreement, our Senior Convertible Notes issued in 2009 and our $2.3 billion of Senior Notes also
contain covenants limiting our ability to create liens and engage in sale-leasebacks. Additionally, the repayment of amounts outstanding under the Amended Credit Agreement and repurchase of the Senior Convertible Notes and Senior Notes is required
upon a change of control under specified circumstances, as well as other customary provisions. The Amended Credit Agreement, the Senior Convertible Notes and the RPA have provisions that certain defaults under a material debt obligation could cause
a default under the Amended Credit Agreement or the Senior Convertible Notes or termination of the RPA. These terms may affect our liquidity, our ability to operate our business and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business
opportunities. 

At December 31, 2012, in the event of a change in
control of U. S. Steel, holders of U. S. Steel debt obligations totaling approximately $3.2 billion, which includes the Senior Notes and the Senior Convertible Notes, may require U. S. Steel to repurchase such obligations in whole or in part for
cash at a price equal to 100 percent of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. In such an event, U. S. Steel may also be required to either repurchase the leased Fairfield caster for $19 million, or provide a letter of credit to
secure the remaining obligation. 

We face substantial debt maturities.

Over the next six years, we have $2.1 billion of debt maturing (see
Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). We may not be able to refinance this debt or may be forced to do so on terms substantially less favorable to U. S. Steel than our currently outstanding debt. We may be forced to delay or not make
capital expenditures, which may adversely affect our competitive position and financial results. 

Rating agencies may downgrade our credit ratings, which would make it more difficult for us to raise capital and would increase our financial costs. 

Any downgrades in our credit ratings may make raising capital more difficult, may
increase the cost and affect the terms of future borrowings, may affect the terms under which we purchase goods and services and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities. 

“Change in control” clauses in our financial and labor agreements grant
the other parties to those agreements rights to accelerate obligations and to terminate or extend our labor agreements. 

Upon the occurrence of “change in control” events specified in our Senior Notes, Amended Credit Agreement, Senior Convertible Notes and various other
contracts and leases, the holders of our indebtedness may require us to immediately repurchase or repay that debt on less than favorable terms. Additionally, the 2012 Labor Agreements give the USW the right to either terminate the collective
bargaining agreement or extend it for an additional three years. Among other things, these provisions may make a takeover of U. S. Steel more difficult. 

A “change of control” is generally defined to include any of the following: (a) the acquisition by a person or group of at least 35 percent of
our common stock, (b) a merger in which holders of our common stock own less than a majority of the equity in the resulting entity, or (c) replacement of a majority of the members of our Board of Directors by persons who were not nominated
by our current directors. 

Our operations expose us to uncertainties
and risks in the countries in which we operate, which could negatively affect our results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. 

Our U.S. operations are subject to economic conditions, including credit and capital market conditions, and political factors in the United States, which if changed
could negatively affect our results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. Political factors include, but are not limited to, taxation, inflation, increased regulation, limitations on exports of energy and raw materials, and trade remedies.
Actions taken by the U.S. government could affect our results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. 

USSK, located in Slovakia and USSC, located in Canada, constitute 34 percent of our global raw steel production capability. Both of them are subject to economic conditions, including credit and capital market
conditions, and political factors in the countries in which they are located, and USSK is subject to economic conditions and political 

38 

Table of Contents

factors associated with the EU and the Euro currency. Changes in any of these economic conditions or political factors could negatively affect our results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
Political factors include, but are not limited to, taxation, nationalization, inflation, government instability, civil unrest, increased regulation and quotas, tariffs and other protectionist measures. An example of such a change is the increase of
the Slovak corporate tax rate from 19% to 23% effective January 1, 2013. 

Any future foreign acquisitions or expansions could expose us to similar risks. 

U. S. Steel has incurred and may incur in the future, facility carrying costs
when production capacity is idled, increased costs to resume production at idled facilities, or costs to idle facilities.

Our decisions concerning what facilities to operate and at what levels are made based upon our customers’ orders for products as well as the capabilities and
cost performance of our locations. In depressed markets such as those experienced in the recent recession, we concentrated production operations at several plant locations and did not operate others in response to customer demand. 

When we restart idled facilities, we incur costs to replenish raw material inventories,
prepare the previously idled facilities for operation, perform the required repair and maintenance activities and prepare employees to return to work safely and resume production responsibilities. 

Faced with temporary or structural overcapacity in various markets, we may in the
future seek to rationalize operations through asset sales, temporary shutdowns or closures of facilities. These initiatives may lead to significant costs or charges. 

We are subject to significant foreign currency risks, which could negatively
impact our profitability and cash flows. 

Our foreign operations
accounted for approximately 27 percent of our net sales in 2012. The financial condition and results of operations of USSK and USSC are reported in various foreign currencies and then translated into U.S. dollars at the applicable exchange rates for
inclusion in our financial statements. The appreciation of the U.S. dollar against these foreign currencies could have a negative impact on our consolidated results of operations. 

In addition, international cash requirements have been and in the future may be funded by intercompany loans, creating intercompany
monetary assets and liabilities in currencies other than the functional currencies of the entities involved, which can have a non-cash impact on income when they are remeasured at the end of each period. 

If the EU abandons the Euro, or if one or more members withdraw, the re-introduction of
individual currencies would expose us to foreign exchange rate risks for each currency. Any future foreign acquisitions or expansions may increase such risks. 

Our business requires substantial expenditures for debt service obligations, capital investments, operating leases and maintenance that we may be unable to
fund. 

With $3.9 billion of long-term debt outstanding as of
December 31, 2012, we have significant debt service requirements. 

Our
operations are capital intensive. For the five-year period ended December 31, 2012, total capital expenditures were $3.5 billion. At December 31, 2012, our contractual commitments to acquire property, plant and equipment totaled
$248 million and we were obligated to make aggregate lease payments of $215 million under operating leases. 

In addition to capital expenditures and lease payments, we spend significant amounts for maintenance of our raw material, iron and steelmaking and steel-finishing facilities. 

39 

Table of Contents

As of December 31, 2012, we had contingent obligations consisting of indemnity obligations under active surety
bonds, trusts and letters of credit totaling approximately $185 million and contractual purchase commitments, including “take or pay” arrangements, totaling approximately $10.6 billion. 

Our business may not generate sufficient operating cash flow or external financing
sources may not be available in amounts sufficient, to enable us to service or refinance our indebtedness or to fund capital expenditures and other liquidity needs. The limitations under our Amended Credit Agreement and RPA, described above, may
limit our availability to draw upon these facilities. We intend to indefinitely reinvest undistributed foreign earnings outside the United States; however, if we repatriate funds in the future in excess of our intercompany loan balances, which at
the end of 2012 total approximately $2.1 billion, the tax consequences would reduce income and cash flow. 

U. S. Steel is exposed to uninsured losses. 

Our insurance coverage against catastrophic casualty and business interruption exposures contains certain common exclusions, substantial deductibles and self insured retentions. 

Our collective bargaining agreements may limit our flexibility.

Most hourly employees of U. S. Steel’s flat-rolled,
tubular, cokemaking and iron ore pellet facilities in the United States are covered by the 2012 Labor Agreements, which expire on September 1, 2015. These agreements contain provisions that prohibit us from pursuing any North American
transaction involving steel or steel-related assets without the consent of the USW, grant the USW a right to bid on any sale of one or more facilities covered by the 2012 Labor Agreements, require us to make reasonable and necessary capital
expenditures to maintain the competitive status of our domestic facilities and require mandatory pre-funding of a trust for retiree health care and life insurance. These agreements also restrict our ability to trade, sell or use foreign-produced
coke and iron ore in North America, and further require that the ratio of non-USW employees to USW employees at our domestic facilities not exceed one to five. 

While other domestic integrated unionized steel producers have similar requirements in their agreements with the USW, non-union producers are not subject to such
requirements. 

In Europe, most represented employees at USSK are represented
by the OZ Metalurg union and are covered by an agreement that expires at the end of December 2014. 

At USSC, the collective bargaining agreement with the USW covering employees at the Lake Erie Works and Hamilton Works expires in April 2013 and October 2014, respectively. 

Many international competitors operate in jurisdictions where employees have
significantly fewer rights, which may give an advantage to such competitors. 

We are at risk of labor stoppages. 

Our collective bargaining agreements covering most of our domestic employees expire September 1, 2015. 

At USSC, the collective bargaining agreement with the USW covering employees at Lake Erie Works expires in April 2013. The collective
bargaining agreement with the USW covering employees at Hamilton Works expires in October 2014. 

In Europe, most represented employees at USSK are represented by the OZ Metalurg union and are covered by an agreement that expires at the end of December 2014. 

We are at risk for work stoppages thereafter or if unauthorized job actions occur.

40 

Table of Contents

We are exposed to potential impairment of goodwill recorded on our balance sheet. 

As of December 31, 2012, we have $1.8 billion of goodwill, which exposes us to the
risk of future impairment charges. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level annually in the third quarter and whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. The evaluation of impairment
allows for either a review of certain economic, cost, market and other qualitative factors, or a quantitative analysis comparing the estimated fair value of the associated reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. Fair value is
determined based on consideration of the income, market and cost approaches as applicable in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 820. 

As of December 31, 2012, the Flat-rolled and Texas Operations, which is part of
the Tubular segment, reporting units have $984 million and $834 million of goodwill, respectively. U. S. Steel completed its 2012 annual goodwill impairment evaluation and determined on the basis of a number of economic, cost, market and other
qualitative factors, including consideration of certain factors from the 2011 annual goodwill impairment evaluation, there was no indication of goodwill impairment for any of the reporting units. The 2011 annual goodwill impairment test showed the
estimated fair values of our Flat-rolled and Texas Operations, which is a part of our Tubular segment, reporting units exceeded their carrying values by approximately $1.5 billion and $375 million, respectively. A 75 basis point increase in the
discount rate, a critical assumption in which even a minor change can have a significant impact on the estimated fair value of the reporting unit, would decrease the fair value of the Flat-rolled and Texas Operations reporting units by approximately
$1.2 billion and $210 million, respectively. 

If business conditions
deteriorate or other factors have an adverse effect on our qualitative and quantitative estimates, inclusive of discounted future cash flows or assumed growth rates, or if we experience a sustained decline in our market capitalization, future
evaluations of goodwill impairment may result in impairment charges. 

There are risks associated with future acquisitions 

The success of any future acquisitions will depend substantially on the accuracy of our analysis concerning such businesses and our ability to complete such
acquisitions on favorable terms, as well as to finance such acquisitions and to integrate the acquired operations successfully with existing operations. If we are unable to integrate new operations successfully, our financial results and business
reputation could suffer. Additional risks associated with acquisitions are the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns, the potential loss of key employees and customers of the acquired companies, the possible
assumption of unknown liabilities, potential disputes with the sellers, and the inherent risks in entering markets or lines of business in which we have limited or no prior experience. International acquisitions may present unique challenges and
increase the Company’s exposure to the risks associated with foreign operations and countries. Antitrust and other laws may prevent us from completing acquisitions. Future acquisitions may result in additional goodwill. 

There are risks associated with existing and potential accounting and tax
requirements. 

We do not recognize a tax benefit for pretax losses
in jurisdictions where we have recorded a full valuation allowance for accounting purposes. As a result, the pretax losses associated with USSC do not provide any tax benefit for accounting purposes. Significant changes in the mix of pretax results
among the jurisdictions in which we operate could have a material impact on our effective tax rate. Similarly, our use of intercompany loans has and in the future may have significant impacts on our financial statements as a result of foreign
currency accounting remeasurement effects. Potential future accounting changes could negatively affect our profitability and cash flow. Even if the impacts are non cash, they may materially impact perceptions and judgments about us by rating
agencies and investors. Changes in tax law could also negatively affect our profitability and cash flow. 

We may be subject to litigation, the resolution of which could negatively affect our profitability and cash flow in a particular period. 

Our profitability or cash flow in a particular period could be affected by an adverse ruling in any litigation currently pending in the
courts or by litigation that may be filed against us in the future. For information regarding our current significant legal proceedings, see Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

41 

Table of Contents

Provisions of Delaware Law and our governing documents may make a takeover of U. S. Steel more
difficult. 

Certain provisions of Delaware law, our certificate of
incorporation and by-laws could make it more difficult or delay our acquisition by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise and the removal of incumbent directors. Such a transaction may offer our stockholders the opportunity to sell
their stock at a price above the prevailing market price and therefore may be appealing to some or all stockholders. 

A person or group could establish a substantial position in U. S. Steel stock. 

Our rights plan expired on December 31, 2011 and was not renewed. The absence of a
rights plan may make it easier for a person or group to acquire a substantial position in U. S. Steel stock. Such person or group may have interests adverse to the interests of other stockholders. 

We may suffer employment losses, which could negatively affect our future
performance. 

Over the last few years we have intensified our
recruitment, training and retention efforts so that we may continue to optimally staff our operations. If we are unable to hire sufficient qualified replacements for those employees that leave U. S. Steel, our future performance may be adversely
impacted. With respect to our represented employees, we may be adversely impacted by the loss of employees who retired or obtained other employment during the time they were laid off or subject to a work stoppage. 

A failure of our information technology infrastructure could adversely affect our
business and operations. 

We rely upon the capacity, reliability and
security of our information technology infrastructure and our ability to expand and update this infrastructure in response to the changing needs of our business. For example, we continue to deploy an ERP system at our various locations to help us
operate more efficiently. This is a complex project, which is expected to be implemented in several phases over the next few years. We may not be able to successfully implement the ERP program without experiencing difficulties. In addition, the
expected benefits of implementing the ERP system, such as increased productivity and operating efficiencies, may not be fully realized or the costs of implementation may outweigh the realized benefits. Along with modifying the implementation
schedule in early 2009 to reduce near-term costs, we modified the implementation schedule in 2012 to extend the time period for system stabilization following deployments, which extends the overall timeline for project completion. This action will
delay the realization of benefits from this project and may add to final project costs. Further, if we experience a problem with the functioning of an important information technology system, the resulting disruptions could have an adverse affect on
our business. 

Increased global information technology security
requirements, vulnerabilities, threats and a rise in sophisticated and targeted computer crime pose a risk to the security of our systems, networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. Despite our efforts to protect
sensitive information, confidential and personal data, our facilities and systems and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to security breaches. This could lead to disclosure, modification or destruction of proprietary and
other key information, defective products, production downtimes and operational disruptions, which in turn could adversely affect our reputation, competitiveness and results of operations. We may face greater risks in this area than our competitors
as we implement the ERP system because among other things, we must simultaneously protect both the ERP and legacy systems until the ERP project is complete. 

We have several operations conducted by joint ventures and other equity investees that we cannot operate solely for our benefit. 

Several of our joint ventures and other equity investees are strategically important to
U. S. Steel. Under joint venture and other equity investee arrangements, we share ownership and management of an entity with one or more parties who may or may not have the same goals, strategies, priorities or resources as we do. In general, joint
ventures and other equity investees are intended to be operated for the benefit of all of the investors, rather than for our sole benefit. The benefits from a successful joint venture or other equity arrangement are shared among the investors, so
that we do not receive all the benefits from our successful joint ventures. For additional information with respect to our joint ventures and other equity investees, see Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

42 

Table of Contents

We depend on third parties for transportation services, and increases in costs or the availability of
transportation could adversely affect our business and operations. 

Our business depends on the transportation of a large number of products, both domestically and internationally. We rely primarily on third parties for
transportation of the products we manufacture or distribute as well as delivery of our raw materials. 

If any of these providers were to fail to deliver raw materials to us in a timely manner, we may be unable to manufacture and deliver our products in response to customer demand. In addition, if any of these third
parties were to cease operations or cease doing business with us, we may be unable to replace them at a reasonable cost. 

In addition, such failure of a third-party transportation provider could harm our reputation, negatively affect our customer relationships and have a material
adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 

A
significant portion of the goods we manufacture and raw materials we use in our production processes are transported by railroad, trucks, barges and ships, which are highly regulated. Changes in these regulations could increase our costs or reduce
the availability of such transportation. In addition, an increase in transportation rates or fuel surcharges could materially adversely affect our sales and profitability.