Concerning the Current Global Recession 

The volatile global economic climate is
having significant negative effects on our business and our forward view is limited because of low order backlogs and short lead times. All segments of our business have been impacted and such impacts have created certain new risks and have also
affected the other risks set forth below. 

U. S. Steel’s end product
markets have been severely affected. 

Our Flat-rolled and European segments sell
to the automotive, appliance and construction-related industries, all of which have reported substantially lower customer demand due to the ongoing global recession. Prices for both oil and natural gas have fallen dramatically and this has led to a
substantial decrease in oil and gas drilling activity, which has resulted in lower customer demand for our Tubular segment. As a result, U. S. Steel’s operating levels have fallen and will remain at depressed levels until our
customers’ demand increases. 

28 

Table of Contents

In addition to slackening demand by end customers, we believe that some of our customers are experiencing difficulty in obtaining
credit or maintaining their ability to qualify for trade credit insurance, resulting in a further reduction in purchases and an increase in our credit risk exposure. The duration of the recession and the trajectory of the recovery for these
industries may have a significant impact on U. S. Steel. 

U. S. Steel may not be able to access financial markets and there may be difficulty drawing upon existing financial agreements. 

Given the current economic environment, it is unclear on what terms if any we could access the capital markets. Lehman Brothers Commercial Bank (Lehman) holds a $15 million
commitment in our $750 million credit facility (Credit Facility). With the bankruptcy filing by Lehman’s parent, we do not know if Lehman could or would fund its share of the commitment. Other lenders may be facing financial difficulties and
may be unable or unwilling to honor a draw request. Accordingly, there may be a reduction of the sums normally available under our credit facilities. This decrease in available credit may increase the risk of our customers defaulting on their
payment obligations to U. S. Steel and may cause some of our suppliers to be delayed in filling or to be unable to fill our needs. Customer defaults may trigger repurchases or reduce the availability under our accounts receivables facility. In
addition, that facility is funded by the sale of commercial paper by the purchasers so volatility in the commercial paper market may increase costs under that facility. Interest rates under the Credit Facility, our other variable rate credit
facilities and our term loans may be set by auction among the lenders or as a margin over published rates such as the London Interbank Offered Rate and the Fed Funds Rate, which may result in substantially higher interest rates. 

U. S. Steel may face increased risks of customer and supplier defaults.

There is an increased risk of insolvency and other credit related issues of our
customers, particularly those in hard hit industries such as automotive, construction and appliance. Also, there is the possibility that our suppliers may face similar risks. 

U. S. Steel’s joint ventures and other equity investees are also being affected by the current global recession. 

U. S. Steel’s joint ventures and other equity affiliates are also engaged in the production of raw
materials and the production or sales of flat-rolled and tubular products. As such they face many of the same issues previously described concerning U. S. Steel. Since these entities are smaller than U. S. Steel they may have fewer resources
available to them to respond to the current global recession. 

Risk Factors Concerning
the Steel Industry 

Steel consumption is cyclical and worldwide overcapacity in
the steel industry and the availability of alternative products have resulted in intense competition, which may have an adverse effect on profitability and cash flow, especially during periods of economic weakness. 

Steel consumption is highly cyclical and generally follows economic and industrial conditions both
worldwide and in regional markets. The steel industry has historically been characterized by excess world supply, which has led to substantial price decreases during periods of economic weakness. The current economic downturn has decreased the
demand for our products and is negatively affecting our profitability and cash flow. Substitute materials are increasingly available for many steel products, which further reduces demand for steel. 

Rapidly growing supply in China and other developing economies, which may increase faster than
increases in demand in those economies, may result in additional excess worldwide capacity and falling steel prices. 

Over the last several years, steel consumption in China and other developing economies has increased at a rapid pace. Steel companies have responded by developing plans to rapidly
increase steel production capability in these countries. Steel production, especially in China, has expanded rapidly and appears to be well in excess of Chinese demand. Because China is now the largest worldwide steel producer by a significant
margin, any significant excess Chinese capacity could have a major impact on world steel trade and prices if this excess and subsidized 

29 

Table of Contents

production is exported to other markets. Since the Chinese steel industry is largely government owned, it may not be as adversely impacted by the current world
financial situation and it may make production and sales decisions for non-market reasons. 

Increased imports of steel products into North America and Europe could negatively affect steel prices and demand levels and reduce our profitability. 

Steel imports to the United States accounted for an estimated 28 percent of the domestic steel market in 2008, 26 percent in 2007 and
31 percent in 2006. Foreign competitors may have lower labor costs, and some are owned, controlled or subsidized by their governments, which allows their production and pricing decisions to be influenced by political and economic policy
considerations as well as prevailing market conditions. The expiration in 2007 of a number of antidumping and countervailing duty orders may facilitate additional imports in 2009 and beyond. In addition, the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar
makes imports more attractive to steel purchasers in the United States. 

Imports of
tubular products increased significantly in 2008. Oil country tubular goods (OCTG) accounted for a large share of the growth as they have more than doubled over 2007 levels. Imports of OCTG from China registered the most dramatic increase as they
grew from 900,000 tons in 2007 to nearly 2.3 million tons in 2008. The U.S. market experienced a surge in tubular imports in the second half of 2008 that resulted in record OCTG inventories by the end of the year, which is expected to affect
demand in 2009. 

Imports of flat-rolled steel to Canada accounted for an estimated 25
percent of the Canadian market for flat-rolled steel products in 2008, 27 percent in 2007 and 34 percent in 2006. 

Total imports of flat-rolled carbon steel products to the EU27 were 15 percent of the EU market in 2008, 17 percent in 2007 and 14 percent in 2006. 

Increases in future levels of imported steel to North America and Europe could reduce future market
prices and demand levels for steel products produced in those markets. 

Imports into the
United States, Canada and the European Union have often violated the international trade laws of these jurisdictions. While in some cases U. S. Steel and others have been successful in obtaining relief under these laws, in other
circumstances relief has not been received. When received, such relief is generally subject to automatic or discretionary recision or reduction. There can be no assurance that any such relief will be obtained or continued in the future or that such
relief as obtained will be adequate. 

Increases in prices and limited availability
of raw materials and energy may constrain operating levels and reduce profit margins. 

Steel producers require large amounts of raw materials – iron ore or other iron containing material, steel scrap, coke, coal, zinc, tin and other metallic additions for integrated producers such as U. S. Steel, and scrap, zinc and
other metallic additions for mini-mill producers. Both integrated and mini-mill producers consume large amounts of energy. Over the last several years, prices for raw materials and energy have increased significantly. In many cases these prices have
increased by a greater percentage or have decreased more slowly than the selling prices for steel products. 

U. S. Steel and other steel producers have periodically been faced with problems in obtaining sufficient raw materials and energy in a timely manner due to shortages or transportation problems (such as shortages of
barges, ocean vessels, rail cars or trucks, or unavailability of rail lines or of locks on the Great Lakes), resulting in production curtailments. USSE is dependent upon availability of natural gas from Russia through Ukraine. USSE experienced
natural gas curtailments during periods of peak demand in Eastern Europe and Russia in 2006 and during Russia’s suspension of gas shipments to Europe in January 2009. Resulting production curtailments and escalated costs have reduced profit
margins and any future curtailments and escalated costs may reduce profit margins. 

Environmental compliance and remediation could result in substantially increased capital requirements and operating costs. 

Steel producers in the United States are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. These laws continue to
evolve and are becoming increasingly stringent. The 

30 

Table of Contents

ultimate impact of complying with such laws and regulations is not always clearly known or determinable because regulations under some of these laws have not yet been
promulgated or are undergoing revision. Environmental laws and regulations, particularly the Clean Air Act, could result in substantially increased capital, operating and compliance costs. 

International environmental requirements vary. While standards in the European Union, Canada and Japan
are generally comparable to U.S. standards, other nations, particularly China, have substantially lesser requirements that may give competitors in such nations a competitive advantage. 

Risk Factors Concerning U. S. Steel Legacy Obligations 

Our retiree employee health care and retiree life insurance plan costs, most of which are unfunded obligations, and our pension plan costs in North America are
higher than those of many of our competitors. These plans create a competitive disadvantage and negatively affect our profitability and cash flow. 

We maintain defined benefit retiree health care and life insurance and defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans covering most of our North American employees and
former employees upon their retirement. As of December 31, 2008, approximately 130,000 current employees, retirees and beneficiaries are participating in the plans to receive pension and/or medical benefits. At December 31, 2008, U. S.
Steel’s benefit obligations for retiree medical and life insurance exceeded trust assets by $3.1 billion, an increase of $210 million from the amount at the end of 2007. The funded status of the projected pension benefit obligation
decreased from a net overfunded position of $223 million at year-end 2007 to a net underfunded position of $2.0 billion at year-end 2008. 

Most of our other benefits and pension benefits are subject to collective bargaining agreements with unionized workforces and will be subject to future negotiations. Minimum
contributions to domestic qualified pension plans are controlled under ERISA and other government regulations. Minimum contributions to USSC pension plans are governed by an agreement entered into by Stelco and the Province of Ontario that U. S.
Steel assumed in conjunction with the acquisition of Stelco. This agreement requires defined annual contributions until the earlier of full solvency funding for the four main plans or until December 31, 2015, when minimum funding requirements for
the plans resume under the provincial pension legislation. Substantial cash contributions may be required to fund other benefits and pensions. Total costs for pension plans and other benefits are expected to be approximately $380 million in 2009, an
increase of $153 million from 2008. 

Many domestic and international competitors do not
provide defined benefit retiree health care and life insurance and pension plans, and other international competitors operate in jurisdictions with government sponsored health care plans that may offer them a cost advantage. Benefit obligations
under our plans are not tied to operating rates; therefore, our costs are not expected to decline as a result of the current global recession or any other future economic downturns. 

U. S. Steel contributes to a multiemployer plan in the United States covering pensions for USW-represented workers formerly employed by
National Steel and workers hired after May 2003. We have legal and contractual requirements for future funding of this plan, which will have a negative effect on our cash flows. The collective bargaining agreements with the USW entered into
effective September 1, 2008 (the 2008 CBAs) increased our required contributions to this plan from $1.80 to $2.65 per hour worked. In addition, funding requirements for participants could increase as a result of any underfunding of this plan.

The recent turmoil in financial markets has led to significant declines in the value of
equity investments that are held by the trusts under our pension plans and the trust to pay for retiree health care and life insurance benefits, which has contributed to the underfunded position at December 31, 2008. Since the Pension
Protection Act of 2006 was enacted, U. S. Steel has not been required to make mandatory contributions to our main U.S. pension plan. Such contributions may be required in the future. 

31 

Table of Contents

We have higher environmental remediation costs than our competitors. This creates a competitive disadvantage and negatively
affects our profitability and cash flow. 

U. S. Steel is involved in numerous
remediation projects at currently operating facilities, facilities that have been closed or sold to unrelated parties and other sites where material generated by U. S. Steel was deposited. In addition, there are numerous other former
operating or disposal sites that could become the subject of remediation. 

Environmental
remediation costs and related cash requirements of many of our competitors may be substantially less than ours. Many international competitors do not face similar laws in the jurisdictions where they operate. Many U.S. competitors have substantially
shorter operating histories than we do, resulting in less exposure for environmental remediation. Competitors that have obtained relief under bankruptcy laws may have been released from certain environmental obligations that existed prior to the
bankruptcy filing. 

Other Risk Factors Applicable to U. S. Steel

Unplanned equipment outages and other unforeseen disruptions may reduce our
results of operations. 

Our steel production depends on the operation of critical
pieces of equipment, such as blast furnaces, casters and hot strip mills. It is possible that we could experience prolonged periods of reduced production due to equipment failures at our facilities or those of our key suppliers. It is also possible
that operations may be disrupted due to other unforeseen circumstances such as power outages, explosions, fires, floods, accidents and severe weather conditions. Production at USSE was curtailed in January 2009 due to the suspension of natural gas
deliveries to Europe from Russia and we remain vulnerable to this risk. Availability of raw materials and delivery of products to customers could be affected by logistical disruptions (such as shortages of barges, ocean vessels, rail cars or trucks,
or unavailability of rail lines or of locks on the Great Lakes). To the extent that lost production could not be compensated for at unaffected facilities and depending on the length of the outage, our sales and our unit production costs could be
adversely affected. 

We may be unable to recover cost increases as we supply
customers with steel under long-term fixed price sales contracts. 

Historically
approximately 50 percent of U. S. Steel’s flat-rolled product sales in the United States have been based on sales contracts with durations of at least one year. These contracts generally have a fixed price or a price that will fluctuate with
changes in a defined index. To the extent that raw materials, energy, labor or other costs increase over the terms of the various contracts, U. S. Steel may not be able to recover these cost increases from customers with fixed price agreements.
While U. S. Steel may from time to time enter into forward purchase contracts to establish future prices for a portion of our requirements, we would remain at risk for our remaining requirements and would create another risk in the event that future
prices decline below the prices that the forward purchases have established. 

Declines in the production levels of our major customers and customer payment defaults could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flow. 

Flat-rolled and USSE sell to the automotive, appliance and construction-related industries, all of
which have reported substantially lower customer demand due to the ongoing global recession. Prices for both oil and natural gas have fallen dramatically leading to a reduction in oil and gas exploration and development, which in turn has resulted
in lower customer demand for our Tubular segment. In addition to slackening demand by end customers, we believe that some of our customers are experiencing difficulty in obtaining credit, which has further reduced their purchases from us. The
duration of the recession and the trajectory of the recovery for these industries may have a significant impact on U. S. Steel. 

In some cases, these difficulties may result in bankruptcy filings or cessation of operations. If customers experiencing financial problems default on paying amounts owed to us, we
may not be able to collect these amounts. Any material payment defaults by our customers could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. The decrease in available credit may increase the risk of our customers
defaulting on their payment obligations to U. S. Steel and may cause some of our suppliers to be delayed in filling 

32 

Table of Contents

or unable to fill our needs. Customer defaults may trigger repurchases or reduce the availability under our accounts receivables facility. In addition, that facility
is funded by the sale of commercial paper by the purchasers so volatility in the commercial paper market may increase costs under that facility. 

The terms of our indebtedness contain provisions that may limit our flexibility. 

In 2007, we entered into a five-year $750 million revolving credit facility (Credit Facility) and five-year and three-year term loan facilities both
in the amount of $500 million (Term Loan Facilities), with $655 million outstanding under the Term Loan Facilities at December 31, 2008. These facilities include an interest coverage ratio (consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization (EBITDA) to consolidated interest expense) covenant of 2:1 and a leverage ratio (consolidated debt to consolidated EBITDA) covenant of 3.25:1. We also issued $1.6 billion of Senior Notes in 2007 that contain covenants
restricting our ability to create liens and engage in sale-leasebacks and requiring the repurchase of the Senior Notes upon a change of control under specified circumstances, as well as other customary provisions. Compliance with these covenants
will depend upon future operating results and other factors that are at least partially outside of our control. These covenants may affect our ability to operate our business and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business
opportunities. 

Rating agencies may downgrade our credit ratings, which would make
it more difficult for us to raise capital and would increase our financial costs. 

Any downgrade in our credit ratings may make raising capital more difficult, may increase the cost and affect the terms of future borrowings, may affect the terms under which we purchase goods and services, and may limit our ability to take
advantage of potential business opportunities. 

“Change in control”
clauses in our financial and labor agreements grant the other party rights to accelerate obligations and to terminate or extend our labor agreements, 

Upon the occurrence of “change in control” events specified in our Senior Notes, Credit Facility, Term Loan Facilities and various other contracts and leases, the holders
of our indebtedness may require us to immediately repurchase or repay that debt on less than favorable terms. Additionally, the 2008 CBAs give the USW the right to either terminate or extend the collective bargaining agreements for an additional
four years. 

A “change of control” is generally defined to include any of the
following: (a) the acquisition by a person or group of at least 35 percent of our common stock, (b) a merger in which holders of our common stock own less than a majority of the equity in the resulting entity, or (c) replacement
of a majority of the members of our Board of Directors. 

Our operations expose us
to uncertainties and risks in the countries in which we operate, which could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flow. 

Our U.S. operations are subject to economic conditions and political factors in the United States, which if changed could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flow.
Political factors include, but are not limited to, taxation, inflation, increased regulation, limitations on exports of energy and raw materials, and trade remedies. Actions taken by the new U.S. Administration could affect our results of operations
and cash flow. 

USSK, located in Slovakia, USSS, located in Serbia, and USSC, located in
Canada, constitute 39 percent of our total raw steel production capability. All of them are subject to economic conditions and political factors in the countries in which they are located, and USSK is additionally subject to economic conditions
and political factors associated with the European Union and the euro currency. Changes in any of these economic conditions or political factors could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flow. Political factors include, but are not
limited to, taxation, nationalization, inflation, government instability, civil unrest, increased regulation and quotas, tariffs and other protectionist measures. 

Any future foreign acquisitions would expose us to similar risks. 

33 

Table of Contents

We are subject to significant foreign currency risks, which could negatively impact our profitability and cash flows.

Our foreign operations accounted for approximately 34 percent of our net sales
in 2008. The financial condition and results of operations of USSK, USSS and USSC are reported in various foreign currencies and then translated into U.S. dollars at the applicable exchange rate for inclusion in our financial statements. The
appreciation of the U.S. dollar against these foreign currencies could have a negative impact on our consolidated profitability. 

In addition, the acquisition of USSC was funded from the United States, as well as through the reinvestment of undistributed foreign earnings from USSE, creating intercompany
monetary assets and liabilities in currencies other than the functional currencies of the entities involved, which can have a non-cash impact on income when they are remeasured at the end of each quarter. An $815 million U.S. dollar-denominated
intercompany loan to a European affiliate was the primary exposure at December 31, 2008. 

Any future foreign acquisitions would expose us to similar risks. 

Greenhouse gas policies could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

The integrated steel process involves a series of chemical reactions involving carbon that create carbon dioxide
(CO
2

). This distinguishes integrated steel producers from mini-mills and many other industries where CO
2

 generation is generally linked to energy usage. The European Union (EU) has established greenhouse gas regulations and Canada and the United States may also do so. These limitations could have a negative effect on income and
cash flows. Since mini-mill production does not involve the same chemical reactions as integrated production, mini-mills may have a competitive advantage. Also since China and many other developing nations have not instituted greenhouse gas
regulations, and since past international agreements such as the Kyoto Protocol provided exemptions and lesser standards for developing nations, we may also be at a competitive disadvantage. 

The new U.S. Administration has announced its commitment to implement a national cap-and-trade program
to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 80 percent by 2050. The parameters and timetable of this proposed program have not been announced but it could have a negative impact on production levels, income and cash flows. Furthermore, it could have
negative impacts on our suppliers and customers that could result in higher costs and lower sales for us. 

On April 26, 2007, Canada’s federal government announced an Action Plan to Reduce Greenhouse Gases and Air Pollution. The federal government plans to set mandatory reduction targets on all major greenhouse gas
producing industries to achieve an absolute reduction of 150 megatonnes in greenhouse gas emissions from 2006 levels by 2020. Facilities existing in 2006 will be required to cut their greenhouse gas emissions intensity by 18 percent by 2010, with a
further two percent reduction in each following year. Companies will be able to choose the most cost-effective way to meet their targets from a range of options. Environment Canada has indicated that the proposed rules will contain exemptions for
fixed process gas emissions industries, including steel, for which an exemption of 62 percent of greenhouse gas emissions is contemplated. Certain provinces have enacted climate change rules and Ontario may also do so. These limitations could have a
negative effect on income and cash flows. 

The European Commission (EC) has established a CO
2

 emission trading scheme for EU member countries. Under this program Slovakia has received fewer
CO
2

 emissions allowances than it requested for both the first period (2005 through 2007) and second period (2008 through 2012). The Slovak Ministry of the Environment,
in turn, awarded USSK fewer allowances than USSK had requested for both periods. USSK purchased emissions allowances to cover its shortfall for the first period and, as to future periods, we may be required to reduce USSK’s production or
purchase emission allowances, either of which may have a negative impact on income and cash flows. 

Our business requires substantial expenditures for debt service, contingent obligations, capital investment, operating leases and maintenance that we may be unable to fund. 

With $3,145 million of debt outstanding as of December 31, 2008, we have significant debt service
requirements. 

Our operations are capital intensive. For the five-year period ended
December 31, 2008, total capital expenditures were $3.5 billion, including $161 million of expenditures by Gateway Energy & Coke Company, LLC (Gateway) 

34 

Table of Contents

that are consolidated in our financial results based on Financial Accounting Standards Board Interpretation No. 46(R). At December 31, 2008, our contract
commitments to acquire property, plant and equipment totaled $271 million and we were obligated to make aggregate lease payments of $186 million under operating leases. We are planning a significant capital investment over a period of years for
new coke oven batteries at our Clairton Plant, replacing existing batteries that are nearing the end of their useful lives and rehabilitating several other existing batteries. We are currently in the first phase of this investment, which includes
construction of a technologically and environmentally advanced coke battery that will replace the current capacity of three older units, and rehabilitation of several existing coke batteries. Also, Gateway is in the process of constructing a coke
plant to supply Granite City Works and we are constructing a cogeneration facility that will utilize by-products and that we will own and operate. Should we choose to defer capital expenditures to conserve cash, it could become more expensive to
complete such deferred projects in the future. 

In addition to capital expenditures and
lease payments, we spend significant amounts for maintenance of raw material, raw steel and steel-finishing production facilities. 

As of December 31, 2008, we had contingent obligations consisting of indemnity obligations under active surety bonds, trusts and letters of credit totaling approximately $147
million, operating lease obligations of approximately $29 million that may be declared immediately due and payable in the event of the bankruptcy of Marathon Oil Corporation, and contractual purchase commitments under purchase orders and “take
or pay” arrangements of approximately $13.5 billion. 

Our business may not generate
sufficient operating cash flow, or external financing sources may not be available in amounts sufficient, to enable us to service or refinance our indebtedness or to fund other liquidity needs. We intend indefinitely to reinvest undistributed
foreign earnings outside the United States; however, if we need to repatriate funds in the future to satisfy our liquidity needs, the tax consequences would reduce income and cash flow. 

We have approximately $1.2 billion of revolving credit facilities and a $500 million accounts receivable securitization facility, which provide us
with available financing to meet our cash needs. In light of the current volatile market environment, we may not be able to obtain the full amount of the funds available under these facilities. 

U. S. Steel is exposed to uninsured losses. 

U. S. Steel’s insurance coverage against catastrophic casualty and business interruption
exposures contains certain common exclusions, substantial deductibles and self insurance retentions. 

Our collective bargaining agreements may limit our flexibility. 

Most hourly employees of U. S. Steel’s flat-rolled, tubular, cokemaking and iron ore pellet facilities in the United States are covered by the 2008 CBAs, which expire in September 2012. These agreements contain
provisions that prohibit us from pursuing any North American transaction involving steel or steel-related assets without the consent of the USW, grant the USW a right to bid on any sale of one or more facilities covered by the 2008 CBAs, require us
to make reasonable and necessary capital expenditures to maintain the competitive status of our domestic facilities and require mandatory pre-funding of a trust for retiree health care and life insurance. These agreements also restrict our ability
to trade, sell or use foreign-produced coke and iron ore in North America, and further require that the ratio of non-USW employees to USW employees at our domestic facilities not exceed one to five. 

While other domestic integrated unionized steel producers have similar requirements in their agreements
with the USW, some foreign and non-union domestic producers are not subject to such requirements. 

There are risks associated with past acquisitions, as well as any acquisitions we may make in the future. 

The Lone Star and Stelco acquisitions created $1.6 billion of goodwill on our balance sheet as of December 31, 2008, which exposes us to the risk of future impairment
charges. 

35 

Table of Contents

The Lone Star acquisition increased our tubular production capacity by more than 50 percent and the Stelco acquisition
increased our North American steelmaking capability by 25 percent, thereby increasing our exposure to cyclical downturns in historically cyclical industries such as oil and gas, service center, conversion, automotive, construction and appliance.

The success of any future acquisitions will depend substantially on the accuracy of our
analysis concerning such businesses and our ability to complete such acquisitions on favorable terms, to finance such acquisitions and to integrate the acquired operations successfully with existing operations. If we are unable to integrate new
operations successfully, our financial results and business reputation could suffer. Our recent acquisitions involved purchase prices significantly higher than the prices we paid for our acquisitions in 2003. Such prices will make it more difficult
to achieve adequate financial returns. Additional risks associated with acquisitions are the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns, the potential loss of key employees and customers of the acquired companies, the
possible assumption of unknown liabilities, potential disputes with the sellers, and the inherent risks in entering markets or lines of business in which we have limited or no prior experience. International acquisitions may present unique
challenges and increase the Company’s exposure to the risks associated with foreign operations and countries. Antitrust and similar laws in foreign jurisdictions may prevent us from completing acquisitions. 

We may be subject to litigation, the disposition of which could negatively affect our
profitability and cash flow in a particular period. 

Our profitability or cash
flow in a particular period could be affected by an adverse ruling in any litigation currently pending in the courts or by litigation that may be filed against us in the future. For information regarding our current significant legal proceedings,
see Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

Provisions of Delaware Law, our governing
documents and our rights plan may make a takeover of U. S. Steel more difficult. 

Certain provisions of Delaware law, our certificate of incorporation and by-laws and our rights plan could make more difficult or delay our acquisition by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise and the removal of
incumbent directors. These provisions are intended to discourage certain types of coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids, even though such a transaction may offer our stockholders the opportunity to sell their stock at a price
above the prevailing market price. 

We may suffer employment losses, which could
negatively affect our future performance. 

A significant number of U. S.
Steel’s U.S.-based non-represented employees will be eligible for retirement over the next several years. 

Over the last few years we have intensified our recruitment, training and retention efforts so that we may continue to optimally staff our operations. Failure to do so could negatively affect our future performance. 

In response to the current economic situation, we have laid off many employees mainly at our idled
facilities, have placed a temporary freeze on hiring and have offered a voluntary early retirement program (VERP) to certain non-represented employees. We are closely monitoring the impact of these actions to ensure that long-term staffing needs of
our company will be met. Approximately 500 employees accepted the VERP and the majority will be retiring on February 28, 2009. 

The current cost reduction actions will increase the number of personnel and organization changes and may increase the risk of internal control failures. We are monitoring these
changes closely and expanding our training program. 

We may experience difficulties
implementing our enterprise resource planning (ERP) system. 

We are currently
implementing an ERP system to help us operate more efficiently. This is a complex project, which is expected to be implemented in several phases over the next several years. We may not be able to successfully implement the ERP program without
experiencing difficulties. In addition, the expected benefits of implementing the ERP system may not be realized or the costs of implementation may outweigh the realized benefits. We recently extended the implementation schedule to reduce near-term
costs. This action will delay the realization of benefits from this project and may add to final project costs. 

36 

Table of Contents