Concerning the
Steel Industry 

Steel consumption is cyclical and worldwide overcapacity in the
steel industry and the availability of alternative products have resulted in intense competition, which may have an adverse effect on profitability and cash flow. 

Steel consumption is highly cyclical and generally follows general economic and industrial conditions both worldwide and in various smaller geographic
areas. The steel industry has historically been characterized by excess world supply, which has led to substantial price decreases during periods of economic weakness. Future economic downturns could decrease the demand for our products. Substitute
materials are increasingly available for many steel products, which further reduces demand for steel. 

Rapidly growing supply in China and other developing economies, which may increase faster than increases in demand, may result in additional excess worldwide capacity and falling steel prices. 

Over the last several years, steel consumption in China and other developing economies has increased at
a rapid pace. Steel companies have responded by developing plans to rapidly increase steel production capability in these countries. Steel production, especially in China, has been expanding rapidly and appears to be well in excess of Chinese
demand. Because China is now the largest worldwide steel producer by a significant margin, any significant excess Chinese capacity could have a major impact on world steel trade and prices if this excess production is exported to other markets.

Increased imports of steel products into the U.S. could negatively affect domestic
steel prices and demand levels and reduce profitability of domestic producers. 

Steel imports to the United States accounted for an estimated 31 percent of the domestic steel market in 2006, 25 percent in 2005 and 26 percent in 2004. Foreign competitors may have lower labor costs, and some are owned,
controlled or subsidized by their governments, which allows their production and pricing decisions to be influenced by political and economic policy considerations as well as prevailing market conditions. Increases in future levels of imported steel
could reduce future market prices and demand levels for domestic steel. The recent expiration of a number of antidumping and countervailing duty orders may facilitate additional imports. Several more antidumping and countervailing duty orders
applicable to steel products are currently under review by the relevant government agencies. Expiration of these orders could result in even greater import levels. 

Increases in prices and limited availability of raw materials and energy may constrain operating levels and reduce profit margins.

Steel producers require large amounts of raw materials – iron ore or other
iron containing material, steel scrap, coke, coal and zinc for integrated producers such as U. S. Steel, and scrap and zinc for mini-mill producers. Both integrated and mini-mill producers consume large amounts of energy. Over the last several
years, prices for raw materials and energy, in particular natural gas and zinc, have increased significantly. In many cases these price increases have been a greater percentage than price increases for the sale of steel products.
U. S. Steel and other steel producers have periodically been faced with problems in obtaining sufficient raw materials and energy in a timely manner, resulting in production curtailments. USSB is dependent upon availability of natural gas
in Serbia, which is dependent upon a single pipeline. Serbia has experienced major curtailments during periods of peak demand in Eastern Europe and Russia. These production curtailments and escalated costs have reduced profit margins and may
continue to do so in the future. 

Environmental compliance and remediation could
result in substantially increased capital requirements and operating costs. 

Steel producers in the U.S. are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. These laws continue to evolve and are becoming increasingly stringent. The 

22 

Table of Contents

ultimate impact of complying with such laws and regulations is not always clearly known or determinable because regulations under some of these laws have not yet been
promulgated or are undergoing revision. Environmental laws and regulations, particularly the Clean Air Act, could result in substantially increased capital, operating and compliance costs. 

International environmental requirements vary. While standards in the European Union (EU) and Japan are
generally comparable to U.S. standards, other nations have substantially lesser requirements that may give competitors in such nations a competitive advantage. 

Unplanned equipment outages and other unforeseen disruptions may reduce our results of operations. 

Our steel production depends on the operation of critical pieces of equipment, such as blast furnaces, casters and hot strip mills. It is possible
that we could experience prolonged periods of reduced production due to equipment failures at our facilities or those of our key suppliers. It is also possible that operations may be disrupted due to other unforeseen circumstances such as power
outages, explosions, fires, floods, accidents and severe weather conditions. Availability of raw materials and delivery of products to customers could be affected by logistical disruptions (such as shortages of barges, rail cars or trucks). To the
extent that lost production could not be compensated for at unaffected facilities and depending on the length of the outage, our sales and our unit production costs could be adversely affected. 

Risk Factors Concerning U. S. Steel Legacy Obligations 

Many lawsuits have been filed against U. S. Steel involving asbestos-related injuries, which
could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operation and cash flow. 

U. S. Steel is a defendant in a large number of cases in which approximately 3,700 claimants actively allege a variety of respiratory and other diseases based on alleged exposure to asbestos. It is possible that we
may experience large judgments against us in the future that could have an impact upon the number of future claims filed against us and on the amount of future settlements, which would have an adverse impact on our profitability and cash flow.

Our retiree employee health care and retiree life insurance plan costs, most of
which are unfunded obligations, and our pension plan costs in the U.S. are higher than those of many of our competitors. These plans create a competitive disadvantage and negatively affect our profitability and cash flow. 

We maintain defined benefit retiree health care and life insurance and defined benefit and defined
contribution pension plans covering most of our U.S. employees and former employees upon their retirement. As of December 31, 2006, approximately 109,000 current employees, retirees and beneficiaries are participating in the plans to receive
pension and/or medical benefits. U. S. Steel’s underfunded benefit obligations for retiree medical and life insurance (other benefits) were $2.2 billion at year-end 2006. Most of our other benefits and pension benefits are subject to collective
bargaining agreements with unionized workforces and will be subject to future negotiations. Minimum contributions to the main qualified pension plan are controlled under ERISA and other government regulations. Substantial cash contributions will be
required to fund other benefits and pension benefits. Total costs for pension plans and other benefits are expected to be approximately $237 million in 2007. 

Many domestic and international competitors do not provide defined benefit retiree health care and life insurance and pension plans, and other international competitors operate in
jurisdictions with government sponsored health care plans that may offer them a cost advantage. Several domestic competitors provide defined contribution health care and pension plans with contributions increased based upon profitability. This will
provide these competitors with a significant competitive advantage during periods of low profits. 

U. S. Steel contributes to a multiemployer plan covering pensions for unionized workers. We have legal and contractual requirements for future funding of this plan, which will have a negative effect on our cash flows. In addition,
funding requirements for participants could increase as a result of any underfunding of this plan. 

23 

Table of Contents

We have higher environmental remediation costs than our competitors. This creates a competitive disadvantage and negatively
affects our profitability and cash flow. 

U. S. Steel is currently involved in
numerous remediation projects at currently operating facilities, facilities that have been closed or sold to third parties and other sites where material generated by U. S. Steel was deposited. In addition, there are numerous other former
operating or disposal sites that could become the subject of remediation. 

Environmental
remediation costs and related cash requirements of many of our competitors may be substantially less than ours. Many international competitors do not face similar laws in the jurisdictions where they operate. Numerous U.S. competitors have
substantially shorter operating histories than we do, resulting in less exposure for environmental remediation. U.S. competitors that have obtained relief under the Bankruptcy Code may have been released from certain environmental obligations that
existed prior to the bankruptcy filing. 

Other Risk Factors Applicable to
U. S. Steel 

We may be unable to recover cost increases as we supply
customers with steel under long-term fixed price sales contracts. 

Historically
approximately 50 percent of U. S. Steel’s flat-rolled product sales in the United States have been based on sales contracts with durations of at least one year. These contracts generally have a fixed price or a price that will fluctuate with
changes in a defined index. To the extent that raw materials, energy, labor or other costs increase over the terms of the various contracts, U. S. Steel may not be able to recover these cost increases from customers with fixed price agreements. U.
S. Steel currently enters into forward purchases to establish future prices for a portion of our required natural gas and zinc needs; however, we remain at risk for our remaining requirements. We are also at risk in the event that future prices
decline below the prices that the forward purchases have established. 

Customer
payment defaults could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Many of our customers operate in cyclical industries and could experience financial difficulties in times of economic downturn. In some cases, these difficulties may result in bankruptcy filings or cessation of operations. If
customers experiencing financial problems default on paying amounts owed to us, we may not be able to collect these amounts or recognize expected revenue. Any material payment defaults by our customers could have an adverse effect on our results of
operations and financial condition. Also, a material payment default could cause a default, or a reduction in the amount of receivables available for sale, under our receivables sale program. 

The terms of our indebtedness may restrict our ability to pay dividends. 

Under the terms of our 9 3

/
4
% Senior Notes due 2010 (Senior Notes), we must meet certain restricted payment tests in order to pay dividends or make
certain investments. 

The terms of our indebtedness contain restrictive
provisions that may limit our flexibility. 

We have Senior Notes outstanding in
the aggregate principal amount of $378 million as of December 31, 2006. The Senior Notes impose significant restrictions on us such as limits on additional borrowings and certain investments and the use of funds from asset sales. Our $600
million revolving credit agreement secured by inventory (Inventory Facility) prohibits us from selling certain principal properties and imposes additional restrictions if the amount available to be borrowed under that agreement is less than $100
million. Such restrictions include maintaining a fixed charge coverage ratio and limitations on capital expenditures and investments. The Senior Notes, the revolving credit agreement and some of our other loan facilities and leases have provisions
that may cause a default under one of these agreements to become a default under the others. These covenants may affect our ability to operate our business and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities. 

24 

Table of Contents

Rating agencies may downgrade our credit ratings, which would make it more difficult for us to raise capital and would
increase our financial costs. 

Any downgrade in our credit ratings may make
raising capital more difficult, may increase the cost of future borrowings, may affect the terms under which we purchase goods and services, and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities. 

“Change in control” clauses may require us to immediately purchase or repay debt.

Upon the occurrence of “change in control” events specified in our
Senior Notes, Inventory Facility and various other contracts and leases, the holders of our indebtedness may require us to immediately purchase or repay that debt on less than favorable terms. We may not have the financial resources to make these
purchases and repayments, and a failure to purchase or repay such indebtedness would trigger cross-acceleration clauses under the Senior Notes and other indebtedness. 

We have deferred tax assets that we may not be able to realize. 

As of December 31, 2006, U. S. Steel had net federal, foreign and state deferred tax assets of $465 million. Although management believes that it
is more likely than not that future operating results and tax planning strategies generating sufficient future taxable income can be utilized to realize the net deferred tax assets, there can be no assurance that we will be able to generate such
results or implement these strategies. 

Our international operations expose us to
uncertainties and risks from abroad, which could negatively affect our results of operations. 

USSK, located in Slovakia, and USSB, located in Serbia, constitute nearly 28 percent of our total raw steel production capability, and accounted for 25 percent of net sales and 40 percent of income from
operations for 2006. Both USSK and USSB are subject to economic conditions and political factors in Europe, which if changed could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flow. Political factors include, but are not limited to,
taxation, nationalization, inflation, currency fluctuations, increased regulation and quotas, tariffs and other protectionist measures. USSK and USSB are also subject to foreign currency exchange risks. 

Any future international acquisitions would expose us to similar risks. 

The quantity of carbon dioxide emission allowances awarded by the European Commission may limit
the amount of steel that can be produced at USSK or force USSK to purchase emissions allowances, negatively affecting our results of operations and cash flow. 

The European Commission (EC) has established a carbon dioxide (CO
2

) emission trading scheme for EU member countries. Under this program Slovakia has received fewer CO
2

 emissions allowances than it requested for both the first period (2005 through 2007) and second period (2008 through 2012). The Slovak Ministry of the Environment, in
turn, awarded USSK fewer allowances than USSK had requested for the first period, and is likely to award USSK fewer allowances than requested for the second period. USSK is purchasing emissions allowances needed to cover its anticipated shortfall
for the first period and, as to future periods, we may be required to reduce USSK’s production or purchase emission allowances, either of which may have a negative impact on income and cash flow. See “Item 1. Business – Environmental
Matters.” 

Adoption of greenhouse gas policies in the U.S. could negatively
affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

While ratification of the Kyoto
protocol in the U.S. has not occurred, there remains the possibility that limitations on greenhouse gases may be imposed. Any such limitations could have a negative effect on income and cash flow. 

Our business requires substantial expenditures for debt service, contingent obligations, capital
investment, operating leases and maintenance that we may be unable to fund. 

With
$1,025 million of debt outstanding as of December 31, 2006, we have significant debt service requirements. 

25 

Table of Contents

Our operations are capital intensive. For the five-year period ended December 31, 2006, total capital expenditures were $2.5
billion. At December 31, 2006, our contract commitments to acquire property, plant and equipment totaled $186 million and we were obligated to make aggregate lease payments of $270 million under operating leases. 

In addition to capital expenditures and lease payments, we spend significant amounts for maintenance of
raw material, raw steel and steel-finishing production facilities, including periodic relines or rebuilds of our seventeen blast furnaces. 

As of December 31, 2006, we had contingent obligations consisting of indemnity obligations under active surety bonds, trusts and letters of credit totaling approximately $124
million, guarantees of approximately $2 million of indebtedness for unconsolidated entities and contractual purchase commitments under purchase orders and “take or pay” arrangements of approximately $2.9 billion, plus contingencies under
the sale of our mining assets of approximately $79 million. As the general partner of the Clairton 1314B Partnership, we are obligated to fund cash shortfalls incurred by that partnership but may withdraw as the general partner if we are required to
fund in excess of $150 million in operating cash shortfalls. 

Our business may not
generate sufficient operating cash flow, or external financing sources may not be available in amounts sufficient, to enable us to service or refinance our indebtedness or to fund other liquidity needs. We intend indefinitely to reinvest
undistributed foreign earnings overseas; however, if we need to repatriate funds in the future to satisfy our liquidity needs, the tax consequences would reduce income and cash flow. 

U. S. Steel is exposed to uninsured losses. 

U. S. Steel’s insurance coverage against catastrophic casualty and business interruption exposures contains certain common exclusions,
substantial deductibles and self insurance retentions. 

Our collective bargaining
agreements may limit our flexibility. 

The collective bargaining agreement with
the USW contains provisions that prohibit us from pursuing any North American transaction involving steel or steel-related assets without the consent of the USW, grants the USW a right to bid on any sale of one or more facilities covered by the
collective bargaining agreement, requires us to make reasonable and necessary capital expenditures to maintain the competitive status of our domestic facilities and requires mandatory pre-funding of a trust for retiree health care and life insurance
based on, among other factors, dividend and pension funding levels. That agreement also restricts our ability to trade, sell or use foreign-produced coke and iron ore in North America, and further requires that the ratio of non-USW employees to USW
employees at our domestic facilities not exceed one to five. 

While other domestic
integrated unionized steel producers have similar requirements in their agreements with the USW, some foreign and non-union domestic producers are not subject to such requirements. 

Strikes, work stoppages and customer concern about the possibility of strikes, particularly upon the expiration of our major domestic collective
bargaining agreement, could adversely impact our relationships with our customers which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, mini-mill producers, certain foreign
competitors and producers of comparable products do not have unionized work forces. This may place us at a competitive disadvantage. 

There are risks associated with acquisitions. 

The success of any future acquisitions will depend substantially on our ability to integrate the acquired operations successfully with existing operations. If we are unable to
integrate new operations successfully, our financial results and business reputation could suffer. Recent acquisitions in the steel industry have involved prices significantly higher than the prices we paid for our acquisitions in 2003. Such prices
will make it more difficult to achieve adequate financial returns. Additional risks associated with acquisitions are the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns, the potential loss of key employees and customers of the
acquired companies, the possible assumption of unknown liabilities, potential disputes with the sellers, and the 

26 

Table of Contents

inherent risks in entering markets or lines of business in which we have limited or no prior experience. International acquisitions may present unique challenges and
increase the Company’s exposure to the risks associated with foreign operations. 

Provisions of Delaware Law, our governing documents and our rights plan may make a takeover of U. S. Steel more difficult. 

Certain provisions of Delaware law, our certificate of incorporation and by-laws and our rights plan could make more difficult or delay our acquisition by means of a tender offer,
a proxy contest or otherwise and the removal of incumbent directors. These provisions are intended to discourage certain types of coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids, even though such a transaction may offer our stockholders the
opportunity to sell their stock at a price above the prevailing market price. 

Approximately one third of U. S. Steel’s U.S.-based non-union workforce will be eligible for retirement in the next five years. 

Over the last few years we have intensified our recruitment, training and retention efforts so that we may continue to optimally staff our operations. Failure to do so could
negatively affect our future performance. 

We may experience difficulties
implementing our enterprise resource planning (ERP) system. 

We are currently
pursuing the potential company-wide benefits of implementing an ERP system to help us operate more efficiently. This is a complex project which would occur in several phases over the next several years. There can be no assurance that we can
successfully implement an ERP program without experiencing difficulties or that the program will improve our global operations. In addition, we cannot guarantee that the expected benefits of implementing an ERP system will be realized or that
realized benefits will outweigh the costs of implementation.