The following risks and uncertainties, together with other information set forth in this Form 10-K, should be carefully
considered by current and future investors in our securities. These risks and uncertainties are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties presently unknown to us currently deemed
immaterial also may impair our business operations. The occurrence of one or more of these risks or uncertainties could materially and adversely affect our business, our financial condition, and the
results of our operations, which in turn could negatively impact the value of our securities. 

 Oil, gas, and NGL prices fluctuate due to a number of uncontrollable factors, creating a component of uncertainty in our development plans and overall operations. Declines
in prices adversely affect our financial results and rate of growth in proved reserves and production. 

        Oil and gas markets are volatile. We cannot predict future prices. The prices we receive for our production heavily influence our
revenue, profitability, access to capital, and future rate of growth. The prices we receive depend on numerous factors beyond our control. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes in
domestic and global supply and demand for oil and gas, geopolitical instability, the actions of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, the level of domestic and global oil and gas
exploration and production activity, weather conditions, technological advances affecting energy consumption, governmental regulations and taxes, and advancement of alternative fuels. 

        Our
proved oil and gas reserves and production volumes will decrease unless such reserves are replaced with new discoveries or acquisitions. Accordingly, for the foreseeable future, we
expect to make substantial capital investments for the exploration and development of new oil and gas reserves. Historically, we have paid for these types of capital expenditures with cash flow
provided by our production operations, our credit facility, and proceeds from the sale of senior notes. Low prices reduce the amount of oil and gas that we can economically produce and may cause us to
curtail, delay, or defer certain exploration and development projects. Moreover, low prices also may impact our abilities to borrow under our bank credit facility and to raise additional debt or
equity capital to fund acquisitions. 

 If prices decrease, we may be required to take write-downs of the carrying values of our oil and gas properties and/or our goodwill. 

        Accounting rules require that we periodically review the carrying value of our oil and gas properties and goodwill for possible
impairment. Even moderate future price declines could cause us to incur impairment charges, which could have a material adverse effect on the results of our operations in the period taken. 

        As
of December 31, 2013, the calculated value of the ceiling limitation exceeded the carrying value of our oil and gas properties subject to a ceiling test and no impairment was
necessary. However, a decline of 3% or more in the value of the ceiling limitation would have resulted in an impairment. If prices decline, or if there is a negative impact on one or more of the other
components of the calculation, we may incur a full cost ceiling impairment related to our oil and gas properties in future quarters. 

 U.S. or global financial markets may impact our business and financial condition. 

        A credit crisis or other turmoil in the U.S. or global financial system may have a negative impact on our business and our financial
condition. Our ability to access the capital markets may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to raise financing. This could have an impact on our flexibility to react to changing
economic and business conditions. Deteriorating economic conditions could have a negative impact on our lenders, the purchasers of our oil and gas production, and the working interest owners in