Risks Associated with Our Business 

Our profitability depends in part on the ability of our utility subsidiaries to recover their costs from their customers and there may be changes in
circumstances or in the regulatory environment that impair the ability of our utility subsidiaries to recover costs from their customers. 

We are subject to comprehensive regulation by federal and state utility regulatory agencies. The utility commissions in the states where our utility subsidiaries operate
regulate many aspects of our utility operations, including siting and construction of facilities, customer service and the rates that we can charge customers. The FERC has jurisdiction, among other
things, over wholesale rates for electric transmission service and the sale of electric energy in interstate commerce. 

The
profitability of our utility operations is dependent on our ability to recover the costs of providing energy and utility services to our customers. Our utility subsidiaries currently provide
service at rates approved by one or more regulatory commissions. These rates are generally regulated based on an analysis of the utility's expenses incurred in a test year. Our utility subsidiaries
are subject to both future and historical test years depending upon the regulatory mechanisms approved in each jurisdiction. Thus, the rates a utility is allowed to charge may or may not match its
expenses at any given time. While rate regulation is premised on providing a reasonable opportunity to earn a reasonable rate of return on invested capital, there can be no assurance that the
applicable regulatory commission will judge all the costs of our utility subsidiaries to have been prudently incurred or that the regulatory process in which rates are determined will always result in
rates that will produce full recovery of such costs. Rising fuel costs could increase the risk that our utility subsidiaries will not be able to fully recover their fuel costs from their customers.
Furthermore, there could be changes in the regulatory environment that would impair the ability of our utility subsidiaries to recover costs historically collected from their customers. If all of the
costs of our utility subsidiaries are not recovered through customer rates, they could incur financial operating losses, which, over the long term, could jeopardize their ability to pay us dividends
and our ability to meet our financial obligations. 

Management
currently believes these prudently incurred costs are recoverable given the existing regulatory mechanisms in place. However, changes in regulations or the imposition of additional
regulations, including additional environmental regulation or regulation related to climate change, could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and hence could materially and adversely
affect our ability to meet our financial obligations, including paying dividends on our common stock. 

Any reductions in our credit ratings could increase our financing costs and the cost of maintaining certain contractual relationships. 

We cannot be assured that any of our current ratings or our subsidiaries' ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or
withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant. In addition, our credit ratings may change as a result of the differing methodologies or change in
the methodologies used by the various rating agencies. For example, Standard and Poor's calculates an imputed debt associated with capacity payments from purchase power contracts. An increase in the
overall level of capacity payments would increase the amount of imputed debt, based on Standard and Poor's methodology. Therefore, Xcel Energy and its subsidiaries credit ratings could be adversely
affected based on the level of capacity payments associated with purchase power contracts or changes in how imputed debt is determined. Any downgrade could lead to higher borrowing costs. 

We are subject to interest rate risk. 

If interest rates increase, we may incur increased interest expense on variable interest debt or short-term borrowings, which could have an adverse impact on our
operating results. 

We are subject to capital market risk. 

Utility operations require significant capital investment in plant, property and equipment; consequently, Xcel Energy is an active participant in debt and equity markets. Any
disruption in capital markets could have a material impact on our ability to fund our operations. Capital markets are global in nature and are impacted by numerous events throughout the world economy.
Capital market disruption events, as evidenced by the collapse in the U.S. sub-prime mortgage 

35

market,
could prevent Xcel Energy from issuing new securities or cause us to issue securities with less than ideal terms and conditions. 

We are subject to credit risks. 

Credit risk includes the risk that counterparties that owe us money or product will breach their obligations. Should the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform,
we may be forced to enter into alternative arrangements. In that event, our financial results could be adversely affected and we could incur losses. 

We are subject to commodity risks and other risks associated with energy markets. 

We engage in wholesale sales and purchases of electric capacity, energy and energy-related products and are subject to market supply and commodity price risk. Commodity price
changes can affect the value of our commodity trading derivatives. We mark certain derivatives to estimated fair market value on a daily basis (mark-to-market accounting),
which may cause earnings volatility. We utilize quoted observable market prices to the maximum extent possible in determining the value of these derivative commodity instruments. For positions for
which observable market prices are not available, we utilize observable quoted market prices of similar assets or liabilities or indirectly observable prices based on forward price curves of similar
markets. For positions for which we have unobservable market prices, we incorporate estimates and assumptions as to a variety of factors such as pricing relationships between various energy
commodities and geographic locations. Actual experience can vary significantly from these estimates and assumptions and significant changes from our assumptions could cause significant earnings
variability. 

If
we encounter market supply shortages, we may be unable to fulfill contractual obligations to our retail, wholesale and other customers at previously authorized or anticipated costs. Any such supply
shortages could cause us to seek alternative supply services at potentially higher costs or suffer increased liability for unfulfilled contractual obligations. Any significantly higher energy or fuel
costs relative to corresponding sales commitments would have a negative impact on our cash flows and could potentially result in economic losses. Potential market supply shortages may not be fully
resolved through alternative supply sources and such interruptions may cause short-term disruptions in our ability to provide electric and/or natural gas services to our customers. These
cost and reliability issues vary in magnitude for each operating subsidiary depending upon unique operating conditions such as generation fuels mix, availability of fuel transportation, electric
generation capacity, and transmission, etc. 

We are subject to environmental laws and regulations, compliance with which could be difficult and costly. 

We are subject to environmental laws and regulations that affect many aspects of our past, present and future operations, including air emissions, water quality, wastewater
discharges and the generation, transport and disposal of solid wastes and hazardous substances. These laws and regulations require us to obtain and comply with a wide variety of environmental
registrations, licenses, permits, inspections and other approvals. Environmental laws and regulations can also require us to restrict or limit the output of certain facilities or the use of certain
fuels, to install pollution control equipment at our facilities, clean up spills and correct environmental hazards and other contamination. Both public officials and private individuals may seek to
enforce the applicable environmental laws and regulations against us. We may be required to pay all or a portion of the cost to remediate (i.e. clean-up) sites where our past
activities, or the activities of certain other parties, caused environmental contamination. At Dec. 31, 2007, these included: 

•

sites
of former manufactured gas plants operated by our subsidiaries or predecessors; and

•

third
party sites, such as landfills, to which we are alleged to be a potentially responsible party that sent hazardous materials and wastes. 

We
are also subject to mandates to provide customers with clean energy, renewable energy and energy conservation offerings. These mandates are designed in part to mitigate the potential environmental
impacts of utility operations. Failure to meet the requirements of these mandates may result in fines or penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. If our
regulators do not allow us to recover all or a part of the cost of capital investment or the operating and maintenance costs incurred to comply with the mandates, it could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations. 

In
addition, existing environmental laws or regulations may be revised, new laws or regulations seeking to protect the environment may be adopted or become applicable to us and we may incur additional
unanticipated obligations or liabilities under existing environmental laws and regulations. 

36

We are subject to physical and financial risks associated with climate change. 

There is a growing consensus that emissions of GHGs are linked to global climate change. Climate change creates physical and financial risk. Physical risks from climate change
include an increase in sea level and changes in weather conditions, such as an increase in changes in precipitation and extreme weather events. Xcel Energy does not serve any coastal communities so
the possibility of sea level rises does not directly affect Xcel Energy or its customers. Our customers' energy needs vary with weather conditions, primarily temperature and humidity. For residential
customers, heating and cooling represent their largest energy use. To the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change, customers' energy use could increase or decrease depending on the
duration and magnitude of the changes. Increased energy use due to weather changes may require us to invest in more generating assets, transmission and other infrastructure to serve increased load.
Decreased energy use due to weather changes may affect our financial condition, through decreased revenues. Extreme weather conditions in general require more system backup, adding to costs, and can
contribute to increased system stresses, including service interruptions. Weather conditions outside of the company's service territory could also have an impact on Xcel Energy revenues. Xcel Energy
buys and sells electricity depending upon system needs and market opportunities. Extreme weather conditions creating high energy demand on our own and/or other systems may raise electricity prices as
we buy short-term energy to serve our own system, which would increase the cost of energy we provide to our customers. Severe weather impacts Xcel Energy service territories, primarily
through thunderstorms, tornadoes and snow or ice storms. We include storm restoration in our budgeting process as a normal business expense and we anticipate continuing to do so. To the extent the
frequency of extreme weather events increases, this could increase our cost of providing service. Changes in precipitation resulting in droughts or water shortages could adversely affect our
operations, principally our fossil generating units. A negative impact to water supplies due to long-term drought conditions could adversely impact our ability to provide electricity to
customers, as well as increase the price they pay for energy. We may not recover all costs related to mitigating these physical and financial risks. 

To
the extent climate change impacts a region's economic health, it may also impact Xcel Energy revenues. Xcel Energy's financial performance is tied to the health of the regional economies we serve.
The price of energy, as a factor in a region's cost of living as well as an important input into the cost of goods, has an impact on the economic health of our communities. The cost of additional
regulatory requirements, such as a tax on GHGs or additional environmental regulation, would normally be borne by consumers through higher prices for energy and purchased goods. To the extent
financial markets view climate change and emissions of GHGs as a financial risk, this could negatively affect our ability to access capital markets or cause Xcel Energy to receive less than ideal
terms and conditions. 

We may be subject to legislative and regulatory responses to climate change, with which compliance could be difficult and costly. 

Legislative and regulatory responses related to climate change create financial risk. Increased public awareness and concern may result in more regional and/or federal
requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of GHG. Numerous states have announced or adopted programs to stabilize and reduce GHG and federal legislation has been introduced in both houses of
Congress. Xcel Energy's electric generating facilities are likely to be subject to regulation under climate change policies introduced at either the state or federal level within the next few years.
Xcel Energy is advocating with state and federal policy makers to design climate change regulation that is effective, flexible, low-cost and consistent with the our environmental
leadership strategy. 

Many
of the federal and state climate change legislative proposals use a "cap and trade" policy structure, in which GHG emissions from a broad cross-section of the economy would be subject to an
overall cap. Under the proposals, the cap becomes more stringent with the passage of time. The proposals establish mechanisms for GHG sources, such as power plants, to obtain "allowances" or permits
to emit GHGs during the course of a year. The sources may use the allowances to cover their own emissions or sell them to other sources that do not hold enough emissions for their own operations.
Proponents of the cap and trade policy believe it will result in the most cost effective, flexible emission reductions. The impact of legislation and regulations, including a "cap and trade"
structure, on Xcel Energy and its customers will depend on a number of factors, including whether GHG sources in multiple sectors of the economy are regulated, the overall GHG emissions cap level, the
degree to which GHG offsets are allowed, the allocation of emission allowances to specific sources and the indirect impact of carbon regulation on natural gas and coal prices. An important factor is
Xcel Energy's ability to recover the costs incurred to comply with any regulatory requirements that are ultimately imposed. We may not recover all costs related to complying with regulatory
requirements imposed on Xcel Energy or its operating subsidiaries. If our regulators do not allow us to recover all or a part of the cost of capital 

37

investment
or the operating and maintenance costs incurred to comply with the mandates, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

For
further discussion see the Management's Discussion and Analysis section and Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements. 

Our subsidiary, NSP-Minnesota, is subject to the risks of nuclear generation. 

NSP-Minnesota's two nuclear stations, Prairie Island and Monticello, subject it to the risks of nuclear generation, which include: 

•

the
risks associated with storage, handling and disposal of radioactive materials and the current lack of a long-term disposal solution for radioactive
materials;

•

limitations
on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover losses that might arise in connection with nuclear operations; and

•

uncertainties
with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives. 

The
NRC has authority to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generation facilities. In the event of non-compliance, the NRC has the authority to
impose fines or shut down a unit, or both, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. Revised safety requirements promulgated by the NRC could
necessitate substantial capital expenditures at NSP-Minnesota's nuclear plants. 

If
an incident did occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Furthermore, the non-compliance of other nuclear facilities operators
with applicable regulations or the occurrence of a serious nuclear incident at other facilities could result in increased regulation of the industry as a whole, which could then increase
NSP-Minnesota's compliance costs and impact the results of operations of its facilities. 

Economic conditions could negatively impact our business. 

Our operations are affected by local, national and worldwide economic conditions. The consequences of a prolonged recession may include a lower level of economic activity and
uncertainty regarding energy prices and the capital and commodity markets. A lower level of economic activity might result in a decline in energy consumption, which may adversely affect our revenues
and future growth. Instability in the financial markets, as a result of recession or otherwise, also may affect the cost of capital and our ability to raise capital. 

Worldwide
economic activity has an impact on the demand for basic commodities needed for utility infrastructure, such as steel, copper, aluminum, etc., which may impact our ability to acquire
sufficient supplies. Additionally, the cost of those commodities may be higher than expected. 

Our utility operations are subject to long term planning risks. 

On a periodic basis, or as needed, our utility operations file long term resource plans with our regulators. These plans are based on numerous assumptions over the relevant
planning horizon such as: sales growth, economic activity, costs, regulatory mechanisms, impact of technology on sales and production and customer response. Given the uncertainty in these planning
assumptions, there is a risk that the magnitude and timing of resource additions and demand may not coincide. This could lead to under recovery of costs or insufficient resources to meet customer
demand. 

Our operations could be impacted by war, acts of terrorism, threats of terrorism or disruptions in normal operating conditions due to localized or
regional events. 

Our generation plants, fuel storage facilities, transmission and distribution facilities and information systems may be targets of terrorist activities that could disrupt our
ability to produce or distribute some portion of our energy products. Any such disruption could result in a significant decrease in revenues and significant additional costs to repair and insure our
assets, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. The potential for terrorism has subjected our operations to increased risks and could have a
material adverse effect on our business. While we have already incurred increased costs for security and capital expenditures in response to these risks, we may experience additional capital and
operating costs to implement security for our plants, including our nuclear 

38

power
plants under the NRC's design basis threat requirements, such as additional physical plant security and additional security personnel. 

The
insurance industry has also been affected by these events and the availability of insurance covering risks we and our competitors typically insure against may decrease. In addition, the insurance
we are able to obtain may have higher deductibles, higher premiums and more restrictive policy terms. 

A
disruption of the regional electric transmission grid, interstate natural gas pipeline infrastructure or other fuel sources, could negatively impact our business. Because our generation,
transmission systems, and local natural gas distribution companies are part of an interconnected system, we face the risk of possible loss of business due to a disruption caused by an event (severe
storm, severe temperature extremes, generator or transmission facility outage, pipeline rupture, railroad disruption, sudden and significant increase or decrease in wind generation) within our
operating systems or on a neighboring system or the actions of a neighboring utility. Any such disruption could result in a significant decrease in revenues and significant additional costs to repair
assets, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results. 

We are subject to business continuity risks associated with our ability to respond to unforeseen events. 

Our response to unforeseen events will, in part, determine the financial impact of the event on our financial condition and results. It's difficult to predict the magnitude of
such events and associated impacts. 

We are subject to information security risks. 

A security breach of our information systems could subject us to financial harm associated with theft or inappropriate release of certain types of information, including, but
not limited to, customer or system operating information. We are unable to quantify the potential impact of such an event. 

Rising energy prices could negatively impact our business. 

Higher fuel costs could significantly impact our results of operations if requests for recovery are unsuccessful. In addition, higher fuel costs could reduce customer demand or
increase bad debt expense, which could also have a material impact on our results of operations. Delays in the timing of the collection of fuel cost recoveries as compared with expenditures for fuel
purchases could have an impact on our cash flows. We are unable to predict future prices or the ultimate impact of such prices on our results of operations or cash flows. 

Our operating results may fluctuate on a seasonal and quarterly basis and can be adversely affected by milder weather. 

Our electric and natural gas utility businesses are seasonal businesses and weather patterns can have a material impact on our operating performance. Demand for electricity is
often greater in the summer and winter months associated with cooling and heating. Because natural gas is heavily used for residential and commercial heating, the demand for this product depends
heavily upon weather patterns throughout our service territory, and a significant amount of natural gas revenues are recognized in the first and fourth quarters related to the heating season.
Accordingly, our operations have historically generated less revenues and income when weather conditions are milder in the winter and cooler in the summer. Unusually mild winters and summers could
have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our natural gas distribution activities involve numerous risks that may result in accidents and other operating risks and costs. 

There are inherent in our natural gas distribution activities a variety of hazards and operating risks, such as leaks, explosions and mechanical problems, which could cause
substantial financial losses. In addition, these risks could result in loss of human life, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, impairment of our operations and substantial losses
to us. In accordance with customary industry practice, we maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these risks and losses. 

The
occurrence of any of these events not fully covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. For our distribution lines located near
populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers, industrial sites and other public gathering areas, the level of damages resulting from these risks is greater. 

39

Increased risks of regulatory penalties could negatively impact our business. 

The Energy Act increased the FERC's civil penalty authority for violation of FERC statutes, rules and orders. The FERC can now impose penalties of $1 million per
violation per day. Effective June 2007, 83 electric reliability standards that were historically subject to voluntary compliance could negativity impact our business became mandatory and subject to
potential civil penalties for violations. If a serious reliability incident did occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our operations or financial results. 

Increasing costs associated with our defined benefit retirement plans and other employee-related benefits may adversely affect our results of
operations, financial position, or liquidity. 

We have defined benefit and postretirement plans that cover substantially all of our employees. Assumptions related to future costs, return on investments, interest rates and
other actuarial assumptions have a significant impact on our funding requirements related to these plans. These estimates and assumptions may change based on actual stock market performance, changes
in interest rates and any changes in governmental regulations. In addition, the Pension Protection Act of 2006 changed the minimum funding requirements for defined benefit pension plans beginning in
2008. Therefore, our funding requirements and related contributions may change in the future. 

Increasing costs associated with health care plans may adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or liquidity. 

The costs of providing health care benefits to our employees and retirees have increased substantially in recent years. We believe that our employee benefit costs, including
costs related to health care plans for our employees and former employees, will continue to rise. The increasing costs and funding requirements associated with our health care plans may adversely
affect our results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. 

Risks Associated with Our Holding Company Structure 

We must rely on cash from our subsidiaries to make dividend payments. 

We are a holding company and thus our investments in our subsidiaries are our primary assets. Substantially all of our operations are conducted by our subsidiaries.
Consequently, our operating cash flow and our ability to service our indebtedness and pay dividends, depends upon the operating cash flow of our subsidiaries and the payment of funds by them to us in
the form of dividends. Our subsidiaries are separate legal entities that have no obligation to pay any
amounts due pursuant to our obligations or to make any funds available for that purpose or for dividends on our common stock, whether by dividends or otherwise. In addition, each subsidiary's ability
to pay dividends to us depends on any statutory and/or contractual restrictions that may be applicable to such subsidiary, which may include requirements to maintain minimum levels of equity ratios,
working capital or other assets. Our utility subsidiaries are regulated by various state utility commissions, which generally possess broad powers to ensure that the needs of the utility customers are
being met. 

If
our utility subsidiaries were to cease making dividend payments, it could adversely affect our ability to pay dividends on our common stock and preferred stock or otherwise meet our financial
obligations. 

Certain provisions of law, as well as provisions in our bylaws and shareholder rights plan, may make it more difficult for others to obtain control of
us, even though some shareholders might consider this favorable. 

We are a Minnesota corporation and certain anti-takeover provisions of Minnesota law apply to us and create various impediments to the acquisition of control of us
or to the consummation of certain business combinations with us. In addition, our shareholder rights plan contains provisions, which may make it more difficult to effect certain business combinations
with us without the approval of our board of directors. Finally, certain federal and state utility regulatory statutes may also make it difficult for another party to acquire a controlling interest in
us. These provisions of law and of our corporate documents, individually or in the aggregate, could discourage a future takeover attempt which individual shareholders might deem to be in their best
interests or in which shareholders would receive a premium for their shares over current prices. 

Item 1B — Unresolved SEC Staff Comments 

None. 

40