Risks
Associated with Our Business

Our profitability depends in part on the ability of our utility
subsidiaries to recover their costs from their customers and there may be
changes in circumstances or in the regulatory environment that impair the
ability of our utility subsidiaries to recover costs from their customers.

We are subject
to comprehensive regulation by several federal and state utility regulatory
agencies, which significantly influences our operating environment and our
ability to recover our costs from utility customers. The utility commissions in
the states where our utility subsidiaries operate regulate many aspects of our
utility operations including siting and construction of facilities, customer
service and the rates that we can charge customers.

The
profitability of our utility operations is dependent on our ability to recover
costs related to providing energy and utility services to our customers.  Our public utility subsidiaries currently
provide service at rates approved by one or more regulatory commissions.  These rates are generally regulated based on
an analysis of the utility’s expenses incurred in a test year.  Thus, the rates a utility is allowed to
charge may or may not match its expenses at any given time.  While rate regulation is premised on
providing a reasonable opportunity to earn a reasonable rate of return on
invested capital, there can be no assurance that the applicable regulatory
commission will judge all of our costs to have been prudently incurred or that
the regulatory process in which rates are determined will always result in
rates that will produce full recovery of our costs.   Although we believe that the current
regulatory environment applicable to our business would permit us to recover
the costs of our utility services, it is possible that there could be changes
in the regulatory environment that would impair our ability to recover costs
historically collected from our customers. 

State utility
commissions generally possess broad powers to ensure that the needs of the
utility customers are being met. The state utility commissions also may seek to
impose restrictions on the ability of our utility subsidiaries to pay dividends
to us. If successful, this could materially and adversely affect our ability to
meet our financial obligations, including paying dividends on our common stock.

The FERC has
jurisdiction over wholesale rates for electric transmission service, electric
energy sold at wholesale in interstate commerce, hydro facility licensing and
certain other activities of our utility subsidiaries. Federal, state and local
agencies also have jurisdiction over many of our other activities, including
regulation of retail rates and environmental matters.  

We are unable
to predict the impact on our operating results from the future regulatory
activities of any of these agencies. Changes in regulations or the imposition
of additional regulations could have an adverse impact on our results of
operations and hence could materially and adversely affect our ability to meet
our financial obligations, including paying dividends on our common stock.

We are subject to commodity price risk, credit risk and other risks
associated with energy markets.

We engage in
wholesale sales and purchases of electric capacity, energy and energy-related
products and, accordingly, are subject to commodity price risk, credit risk and
other risks associated with these activities.

We are exposed to
market and credit risks in our generation, distribution, commodity acquisition,
short-term wholesale and commodity trading activities.  To minimize the risk of market price
fluctuations and product availability, we enter into physical and financial
contracts to hedge both price and availability risk associated with purchase
and sale commitments, fuel requirements and inventories of coal, natural gas,
fuel oil and energy and energy-related products.  However, these contracts do not completely
eliminate risks, including commodity price changes, market supply shortages, credit
risk and interest rate changes. The impact of these variables could result in
our inability to fulfill contractual obligations, significantly higher energy
or fuel costs relative to corresponding sales commitments or increased interest
expense.

Credit and
performance risk includes the risk that counterparties that owe us money or
product will breach their obligations. Should the counterparties to these
arrangements fail to perform, we may be forced to enter into alternative
arrangements. In that event, our financial results could be adversely affected
and we could incur losses.

We mark
commodity trading derivatives to estimated fair market value on a daily basis
(mark-to-market accounting), which causes earnings variability. Quoted market
prices are utilized in determining the value of these derivative commodity
instruments.  For positions for which
market prices are not available, we utilize models based on forward price
curves. These

39

models incorporate
estimates and assumptions as to a variety of factors such as pricing
relationships between various energy commodities and geographic locations.
Actual experience can vary significantly from these estimates and assumptions.

Our subsidiary, PSCo, has received a notice from the Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) proposing to disallow certain interest expense deductions that
PSCo claimed in 1993 through 1999. Should the IRS ultimately prevail on this
issue, our liquidity position and financial results could be materially
adversely affected.

PSCo’s wholly
owned subsidiary PSR Investments, Inc. (PSRI) owns and manages permanent
life insurance policies on some of PSCo’s employees, known as corporate-owned
life insurance (COLI). At various times, borrowings have been made against the
cash values of these COLI policies and deductions taken on the interest expense
on these borrowings. The IRS has challenged the deductibility of such interest
expense deductions and has disallowed the deductions taken in tax years 1993
through 1999.

We believe
that the tax deduction of interest expense on the COLI policy loans is in full
compliance with the law. Accordingly, PSRI has not recorded any provision for
income tax or related interest or penalties that may be imposed by the IRS and
has continued to take deductions for interest expense related to policy loans
on its income tax returns for subsequent years.

In April 2004,
Xcel Energy filed a lawsuit against the government in the U.S. District Court
for the District of Minnesota to establish its right to deduct the policy loan
interest expense that had accrued during tax years 1993 and 1994 on policy
loans related to its COLI policies.

After Xcel Energy had filed this suit, the IRS sent it two statutory
notices of proposed deficiency of tax, penalty, and interest for taxable years
1995 through 1999.  Xcel Energy then
timely filed two Tax Court petitions challenging those notices.  Xcel Energy anticipates that the dispute
relating to its claimed interest expense deductions for tax years 1993 and
later will be resolved in the refund suit that is pending in the Minnesota
federal district court and that the two Tax Court petitions will be held in
abeyance pending the outcome of the refund litigation.

On
Oct. 12, 2005, the district court denied Xcel Energy’s motion for summary
judgment on the grounds that there were disputed issues of material fact that
required a trial for resolution.  At the
same time, the district court denied the government’s motion for summary
judgment that was based on its contention that PSCo had lacked an insurable
interest in the lives of the employees insured under the COLI policies.  However, the district court granted Xcel
Energy’s motion for partial summary judgment on the grounds that PSCo did have
the requisite insurable interest.  The
case is expected to proceed to trial and the litigation could take another two
or more years.

Xcel Energy believes that the tax deduction for interest expense on the
COLI policy loans is in full compliance with the tax law. Accordingly, PSRI has
not recorded any provision for income tax or related interest or penalties that
may be imposed by the IRS and has continued to take deductions for interest
expense related to policy loans on its income tax returns for subsequent years.  As discussed above, the litigation could
require several years to reach final resolution.  Defense of Xcel Energy’s position may require
significant cash outlays, which may or may not be recoverable in a court
proceeding.  Although the ultimate resolution
of this matter is uncertain, it could have a material adverse effect on Xcel
Energy’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows.  

Should the IRS
ultimately prevail on this issue, tax and interest payable through Dec. 31,
2005, would reduce retained earnings by an estimated $361 million.  In 2004, Xcel Energy received formal
notification that the IRS will seek penalties. If penalties (plus associated
interest) also are included, the total exposure through Dec. 31, 2005, is
approximately $428 million.  Xcel Energy
annual earnings for 2006 would be reduced by approximately $44 million, after
tax, which represents 10 cents per share, if COLI interest expense deductions
were no longer available.

We are subject to environmental laws and regulations, compliance with
which could be difficult and costly.

We are subject to
a number of environmental laws and regulations affecting many aspects of our
past, present and future operations, including air emissions, water quality,
wastewater discharges and the management of wastes and hazardous
substances.  These laws and regulations
generally require us to obtain and comply with a wide variety of environmental
registrations, licenses, permits, inspections and other approvals.  Environmental laws and regulations can also
require us to perform environmental remediations and to install pollution
control equipment at our facilities. 
Both public officials and private individuals may seek to enforce the
applicable environmental laws and regulations against us.  We must pay all or a portion of the cost to
remediate sites where our past activities, or the activities of certain other
parties, caused environmental

40

contamination.  At December 31, 2005, these sites
included:

•  the site of a former federal
uranium enrichment facility;

•  the sites of former manufactured
gas plants operated by our subsidiaries or predecessors; and

•  third party sites, such as
landfills, to which we are alleged to be a potentially responsible party that
sent hazardous materials and wastes.

In addition, we
cannot assure you that existing environmental laws or regulations will not be
revised or that new laws or regulations seeking to protect the environment will
not be adopted or become applicable to us or that we will not identify in the
future conditions that will result in obligations or liabilities under existing
environmental laws and regulations. 
Revised or additional laws or regulations which result in increased
compliance costs or additional operating restrictions, or currently
unanticipated costs or restrictions under existing laws or regulations,
particularly if those costs are not fully recoverable from our customers, could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

For further discussion see Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Our subsidiary, NSP-Minnesota, is subject to the risks of nuclear
generation.

NSP-Minnesota’s
two nuclear stations, Prairie Island and Monticello, subject it to the risks of
nuclear generation, which include:

•      the risks associated with storage,
handling and disposal of radioactive materials and the current lack of a
long-term disposal solution for radioactive materials;

•      limitations on the amounts and types of insurance
commercially available to cover losses that might arise in connection with
nuclear operations; and

•      uncertainties with respect to the
technological and financial aspects of decommissioning nuclear plants at the
end of their licensed lives.

The Nuclear
Regulatory Commission (NRC) has broad authority under federal law to impose
licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear
generation facilities. In the event of non-compliance, the NRC has the
authority to impose fines or shut down a unit, or both, depending upon its
assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved.
Revised safety requirements promulgated by the NRC could necessitate
substantial capital expenditures at NSP-Minnesota’s nuclear plants. In
addition, although we have no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident,
if an incident did occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations or financial condition. Furthermore, the non-compliance
of other nuclear facilities operators with applicable regulations or the
occurrence of a serious nuclear incident at other facilities could result in
increased regulation of the industry as a whole, which could then increase
NSP-Minnesota’s compliance costs and impact the results of operations of its
facilities.

Recession, grid disturbances, acts of war or terrorism could negatively
impact our business.

The
consequences of a prolonged recession and adverse market conditions may include
the continued uncertainty of energy prices and the capital and commodity
markets. We cannot predict the impact of any economic slowdown or fluctuating
energy prices. However, such impact could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations.

Also, because
our generation and transmission systems are part of an interconnected regional
grid, we face the risk of possible loss of business due to a disruption or
black-out caused by an event (severe storm, generator or transmission facility
outage) on a neighboring system or the actions of a neighboring utility,
similar to the Aug. 14, 2003 black-out in portions of the eastern U.S. and
Canada. Any such disruption could result in a significant decrease in revenues
and significant additional costs to repair assets, which could have a material
adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.

The conflict
in Iraq and any other military strikes or sustained military campaign may
affect our operations in unpredictable ways and may cause changes in the insurance
markets, force us to increase security measures and cause disruptions of fuel
supplies and markets, particularly with respect to natural gas and purchased
energy. The possibility that infrastructure facilities, such as electric
generation, transmission and distribution facilities, would be direct targets
of, or indirect casualties of, an act of war may affect our operations. War and
the possibility of further war may have an adverse impact on the economy in
general. A lower level of economic activity might result in a decline in energy
consumption, which may adversely affect our revenues and future growth.
Instability in the financial markets as a result of war may also affect our
ability to raise capital.

41

Further, like
other operators of major industrial facilities, our generation plants, fuel
storage facilities and transmission and distribution facilities may be targets
of terrorist activities that could result in disruption of our ability to
produce or distribute some portion of our energy products. Any such disruption
could result in a significant decrease in revenues and significant additional
costs to repair and insure our assets, which could have a material adverse
impact on our financial condition and results of operations.  The potential for terrorism has subjected our
operations to increased risks and could have a material adverse effect on our
business.  While we have already incurred
increased costs for security and capital expenditures in response to these
risks, we may experience additional capital and operating costs to implement
security for our plants, including our nuclear power plants under the NRC’s
design basis threat requirements, such as additional physical plant security
and additional security personnel. 

The insurance
industry has also been affected by these events.  To date, we have been able to obtain
insurance at satisfactory levels and terms; however, the availability of
insurance covering risks we and our competitors typically insure against may
decrease.  In addition, the insurance we
are able to obtain may have higher deductibles, higher premiums and more
restrictive policy terms.

Reduced coal
availability could negatively impact our business.

Xcel Energy’s coal generation portfolio is heavily dependent on coal
supplies located in the Powder River Basin of Wyoming.  Approximately 70 percent of our annual coal
requirement comes from this area. Coal generation comprises approximately 60
percent to 85 percent of our annual generation for the operating
utilities.  In the first half of 2005, we
began experiencing disruptions in our coal deliveries from the Powder River
Basin, which continued throughout the year and are expected to continue at
least through part of 2006.  In response
to these disruptions Xcel Energy mitigated the impact of reduced coal
deliveries, by modifying the dispatch of certain facilities to conserve coal
inventories. In addition to the mitigation efforts, Xcel Energy negotiated for
the acquisition of additional, higher capacity rail cars and is working to
upgrade certain coal handling facilities with completion anticipated in the
first half of 2006.  Despite, these
efforts, coal inventories have declined to below target levels. While we have
secured, under contract, approximately 99 percent of our anticipated 2006 coal
requirements, we cannot predict with any certainty the likelihood of receiving
the required coal.  This factor, combined
with the currently low inventory levels, has led us to continue coal mitigation.  While we are planning to rebuild inventories
during 2006, there is no guarantee that we will be able to do so.   The ultimate impact of coal availability
cannot be fully assessed at this time, but could impact our future
results.  

Rising energy prices could negatively impact our business.

A variety of
market factors have contributed to higher natural gas prices.  The direct impact of these higher costs is
generally mitigated for Xcel Energy through recovery of such costs from
customers through various fuel cost recovery mechanisms.  However, higher fuel costs could
significantly impact the results of operations, if requests for recovery are
unsuccessful.  In addition, the higher
fuel costs could reduce customer demand or increase bad debt expense, which
could also have a material impact on Xcel Energy’s results of operations.  Delays in the timing of the collection of
fuel cost recoveries as compared with expenditures for fuel purchases are
expected to have an impact on the cash flows of Xcel Energy.  Xcel Energy is unable to predict the future
natural gas prices or the ultimate impact of such prices on its results of
operations or cash flows.

Our operating results may fluctuate on a seasonal and quarterly basis
and can be adversely affected by milder weather.

Our electric
and natural gas utility businesses are seasonal businesses and weather patterns
can have a material impact on our operating performance. Demand for electricity
is often greater in the summer and winter months associated with cooling and
heating. Because natural gas is heavily used for residential and commercial
heating, the demand for this product depends heavily upon weather patterns
throughout our service territory and a significant amount of natural gas
revenues are recognized in the first and fourth quarters related to the heating
season. Accordingly, our operations have historically generated less revenues
and income when weather conditions are milder in the winter and cooler in the
summer. We expect that unusually mild winters and summers would have an adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Our natural gas distribution activities involve numerous risks that may
result in accidents and other operating risks and costs.

There are
inherent in our natural gas distribution activities a variety of hazards and
operating risks, such as leaks, explosions and mechanical problems, that could
cause substantial financial losses.  In
addition, these risks could result in loss of human life, significant damage to
property, environmental pollution, impairment of our operations and substantial
losses to us.  In accordance with
customary industry practice, we maintain insurance against some, but not all,
of these risks and losses.

42

The occurrence
of any of these events not fully covered by insurance could have a material
adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.  For our distribution lines located near
populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers,
industrial sites and other public gathering areas, the level of damages
resulting from these risks is greater.

Increasing costs associated with our defined benefit retirement plans,
health care plans and other employee-related benefits may adversely affect our
results of operations, financial position, or liquidity.

We have
defined benefit and postretirement plans that cover substantially all of our
employees.  Assumptions related to future
costs, return on investments, interest rates and other actuarial assumptions
have a significant impact on our earnings and funding requirements.  Based on our assumptions at Dec. 31,
2005 and assuming continuation of the current federal interest rate relief
beyond 2005, in order to maintain required funding levels for our pension
plans, we do not expect to make required future contributions.  However, it is our practice to make voluntary
contributions to maintain more prudent funding levels than minimally
required.  These amounts are estimates
and may change based on actual stock market performance, changes in interest
rates and any changes in governmental regulations.  Therefore, contributions could be required in
the future.

In addition to
the costs of our retirement plans, the costs of providing health care benefits
to our employees and retirees have increased substantially in recent
years.  We believe that our employee
benefit costs, including costs related to health care plans for our employees
and former employees, will continue to rise. 
The increasing costs and funding requirements with our defined benefit
retirement plan, health care plans and other employee benefits may adversely
affect our results of operations, financial position, or liquidity.  

Risks
Associated with Our Holding Company Structure

We must rely on cash from our subsidiaries to make dividend payments.

We are a
holding company and thus our investments in our subsidiaries are our primary
assets. Substantially all of our operations are conducted by our subsidiaries.
Consequently, our operating cash flow and our ability to service our
indebtedness and pay dividends, depends upon the operating cash flow of our
subsidiaries and the payment of funds by them to us in the form of dividends.
Our subsidiaries are separate legal entities that have no obligation to pay any
amounts due pursuant to our obligations or to make any funds available for that
purpose or for dividends on our common stock, whether by dividends or
otherwise. In addition, each subsidiary’s ability to pay dividends to us
depends on any statutory and/or contractual restrictions that may be applicable
to such subsidiary, which may include requirements to maintain minimum levels
of equity ratios, working capital or other assets.

Our utility
subsidiaries are regulated by various state utility commissions which generally
possess broad powers to ensure that the needs of the utility customers are
being met. To the extent that the state commissions attempt to impose
restrictions on the ability of our utility subsidiaries to pay dividends to us,
it could adversely affect our ability to pay dividends on our common stock and
preferred stock or otherwise meet our financial obligations.

Our utility subsidiaries are 
subject to regulatory restrictions on accessing capital.

Financings by
our utility subsidiaries are subject to prior approval by the applicable state
regulatory commission and, possibly, by the FERC.  The state utility commissions generally
posses broad powers to ensure the needs of the utility customers are being met
and there is no assurance they will authorize financings in amounts requested
by our utility subsidiaries.

For additional
information regarding our liquidity and capital resources, see Item 7 –
Management’s Discussion and Analysis.

Any reductions in our credit ratings could increase our financing costs
and the cost of maintaining certain contractual relationships.

We cannot
assure you that any of our current ratings or our subsidiaries’ ratings will
remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be
lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment,
circumstances in the future so warrant. 
Any future downgrade could increase the cost of short-term borrowings
but would not result in any defaults or accelerations as a result of the rating
changes.  Any downgrade could lead to
higher borrowing costs.

43

Certain provisions of law, as well as provisions in our bylaws and
shareholder rights plan, may make it more difficult for others to obtain
control of us, even though some shareholders might consider this favorable.

We are a
Minnesota corporation and certain anti-takeover provisions of Minnesota law
apply to us and create various impediments to the acquisition of control of us
or to the consummation of certain business combinations with us.  In addition, our shareholder rights plan
contains provisions which may make it more difficult to effect certain business
combinations with us without the approval of our board of directors.  Finally, certain federal and state utility
regulatory statutes may also make it difficult for another party to acquire a
controlling interest in us.  These
provisions of law and of our corporate documents, individually or in the
aggregate, could discourage a future takeover attempt which individual
shareholders might deem to be in their best interests or in which shareholders
would receive a premium for their shares over current prices.

Item 1B — Unresolved SEC Staff Comments

None.