Any of the following risk factors could have a significant or material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or liquidity, in addition to the other information contained in this report. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business, financial condition and results of operations and/or liquidity. 

Our Business 

The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters have adversely affected the results of operations and could in the future adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects.

We have substantial exposure to losses resulting from natural or man-made disasters or other catastrophic events. Catastrophes can be caused by various natural or man-made events, including hurricanes, wind, tropical storms, earthquakes, floods, hailstorms, tornadoes, drought, wildfires, tsunamis, severe weather, volcanoes, solar storms, nuclear, chemical, biological, radiological or other environmental events, accidents and disasters, human error, power outages, explosions, fires, war, cyber events or systemic cyber failures and acts of terrorism. Our results for 2017 reflect the impact of the significant natural catastrophe events in 2017. See Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Significant Items Affecting the Results of Operations" herein for details regarding these events. Many catastrophes are restricted to small geographic areas; however, hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis and man-made catastrophes may produce significant damage or loss of life in larger areas, particularly in heavily populated areas. In addition, cyber events or systemic cyber failures have the potential to cause significant damage on a country wide, regional or potentially even a global basis depending upon the event. The effects of global climate change (including but not limited to effects on weather patterns, greenhouse gases, sea, land and air temperatures and precipitation) may add to the unpredictability, frequency and severity of natural disasters in certain parts of the world and could create additional uncertainty as to future trends and exposures. In addition, we cannot predict how legal, regulatory, geopolitical and/or social responses to concerns around global climate change may impact our business. Macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, social unrest and criminal activities and changes in technological conditions may add to the unpredictability, frequency and severity of man-made catastrophes in certain parts of the world and could create additional uncertainty as to future trends and exposures. The incidence and severity of catastrophes are inherently unpredictable, and it is difficult to predict the timing of such events with statistical certainty or to estimate the amount of loss any given occurrence will generate.

The occurrence of claims from catastrophic events is likely to result in substantial volatility in our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the fiscal quarter or year in which a catastrophic event occurs, as well as subsequent fiscal periods, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and our ability to write new business. In this regard, the significant level of natural catastrophes in the second half of 2017 had a material adverse impact on our 2017 results. This risk is exacerbated due to accounting principles and rules that do not permit (re)insurers to reserve for such catastrophic events until they occur. We expect that future possible increases in the values and concentrations of insured property, the effects of inflation and changes in cyclical weather patterns, particularly as global temperatures rise, may increase the severity of catastrophic events in the future. Although we attempt to manage our exposure to catastrophic events with multiple approaches such as setting event based risk limits based on Probable Maximum Loss, modeling and monitoring overall exposures and risk accumulations, in addition to purchase of third-party reinsurance, a single catastrophic event or an unusual frequency of smaller losses in a particular period has affected and could in the future affect multiple geographic zones and lines of business, and the frequency or severity of catastrophic events could exceed our estimates, in each case potentially having a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Climate change may increase the severity of natural catastrophes and, as a global writer of catastrophe insurance, we have exposure to natural catastrophes from multiple sources and in multiple regions, which may result in disproportionately higher shares of industry losses than suggested by our capitalization relative to the rest of the industry.

In addition, while we may, depending on market conditions, purchase catastrophe reinsurance and retrocessional protection through both traditional reinsurance and the capital markets, the occurrence of one or more major catastrophes in any given period could result in losses that exceed such reinsurance and retrocessional protection. This could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and may result in substantial liquidation of investments, possibly at a loss, and outflows of cash as losses are paid.

With respect to acts of terrorism in particular, the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2015 ("TRIPRA") extended to December 31, 2020 a U.S. federal program that allows us to assess a premium charge for terrorism coverage and, if the policyholder declines the coverage or fails to pay the buy-back premium, certified acts of terrorism may be excluded from the policy subject to state specific requirements. Under TRIPRA, subject to a premium-based deductible and compliance with TRIPRA’s requirements, we are eligible for reimbursement by the Federal Government for up to 82% in 2018 (decreasing to 80% in 2020) of our covered terrorism-related losses arising from a certified terrorist attack. However, there is a 

26

maximum aggregate industry liability of $100 billion. If the Company is not given adequate notice of potential exhaustion of the aggregate cap, the Company could overpay with regard to such losses and it is unlikely the Treasury would reimburse the Company. Additionally, if TRIPRA is not extended beyond 2020, its expiration or a significant change in its terms could have an adverse effect on us, our clients or the insurance industry.

The failure of any of the underwriting risk management strategies that we employ could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and/or liquidity.

We seek to limit our loss exposure by, among other things, writing a number of our insurance, reinsurance or retrocession contracts on an excess of loss basis, adhering to maximum limitations on policies written in defined geographical zones, limiting program size for each client and prudently underwriting each program written. In addition, in the case of proportional treaties, we generally seek to use per occurrence limitations or loss ratio caps to limit the impact of losses from any one event. We cannot be sure that all of these loss limitation methods will have the precise risk management impact intended. For instance, although we also seek to limit our loss exposure by geographic diversification, geographic zone limitations involve significant underwriting judgments, including the determination of the area of the zones and the inclusion of a particular policy within a particular zone's limits. Underwriting involves the exercise of considerable judgment and the making of important assumptions about matters that are inherently unpredictable and beyond our control, and for which historical experience and probability analysis may not provide sufficient guidance. The failure of any of the underwriting risk management strategies that we employ could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Also, various provisions of our policies, such as limitations or exclusions from coverage or choice of forum, may not be enforceable in the manner that we intend and disputes relating to coverage and choice of legal forum may arise, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

The insurance and reinsurance industries are historically cyclical and we may experience periods with excess underwriting capacity and unfavorable premium rates.

The insurance and reinsurance industries have historically been cyclical, characterized by periods of intense price competition due to excess underwriting capacity as well as periods when shortages of capacity permitted favorable premium levels. An increase in premium levels is often followed by an increasing supply of insurance and reinsurance capacity, either by capital provided by new entrants or by the commitment of additional capital by existing insurers or reinsurers, which may cause prices to decrease. These factors could lead to a significant reduction in premium rates, less favorable policy terms and conditions and fewer submissions for our underwriting services. In addition to these considerations, changes in the frequency and severity of losses suffered by insureds and insurers may affect the cycles of the insurance and reinsurance industries significantly. Given the significant level of natural catastrophes in 2017, the insurance and reinsurance industries may be entering a new cycle with a different pricing environment.

The U.K.'s expected withdrawal vote in favor of withdrawing from the E.U. ("Brexit"), effective March 2019 could adversely affect us.

Negotiations to determine the terms of the U.K.'s withdrawal from the E.U. as well as its relationship with the E.U. post-Brexit, including the terms of commercial activities between the U.K. and the E.U., have commenced, but remain largely unresolved. Brexit caused significant market volatility and currency exchange rate fluctuations and its future effects are expected to be far-reaching. Brexit, or the perceived impact thereof, may adversely affect business activity and global economic, political, regulatory or market conditions, particularly as 2018 progresses and pressure mounts to reach agreement regarding an orderly withdrawal and transition period prior to year end, as recently requested by the U.K., and could continue to contribute to instability in global financial and foreign exchange markets, political institutions and regulatory agencies as events unfold. 

We anticipate that Brexit will disrupt our U.K. domiciled entities', including our Lloyd's syndicates', ability to passport within the E.U. As a consequence, we announced in September 2017 that it is our intention to move the domicile of our principal E.U. insurance company, XL Insurance Company SE, from England to Ireland, using its SE status, so that it will remain in the E.U. post Brexit and thus continue to benefit from passporting within the E.U. Such a move, however, is subject to various regulatory approvals and thus outside of our sole control. With regard to our Lloyd’s business, we continue to monitor Lloyd’s proposals to establish a new insurance company in Belgium to ensure continued access to the EEA for Lloyd’s business. Those proposals are subject to regulatory approvals and are outside of our control. 

Brexit is also likely to inhibit the free movement of goods and people between the U.K. and the E.U. Brexit could also lead to legal uncertainty around contractual arrangements that span either side of Brexit. In addition, we anticipate a large number of new and potentially divergent national laws and regulations including tax rules as the U.K. determines which E.U. laws to replace or replicate, which could lead to a more complex and expensive business model, creating the potential for additional uncertainty. However, at this comparatively early stage, the ultimate effects of Brexit remain unknown and will depend on agreements the U.K. may yet reach to retain access to E.U. markets. 

27

Beyond concerns relating to the cross-border transfer of goods, services and people, Brexit could have significant economic, legal, regulatory, structural, monetary and geopolitical impacts, including slow growth in the U.K., in the E.U., or globally; creation of a prolonged low interest rate environment; market volatility and continued currency exchange fluctuations; inflationary pressures in the U.K.; increased costs of doing business in the U.K., including as a result of new and/or additional laws and regulations; and uncertainty with respect to the application of laws and regulations that have been introduced or revised as a result of Brexit. 

Each of these effects alone, and at a more heightened risk in combination, has the potential to create a more complex and more expensive business model, in addition to a recessionary environment, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Given these possibilities, as well as the lack of comparable precedent, we may not anticipate the full extent to which our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected by Brexit.

A downgrade or potential downgrade in our financial strength and credit ratings by one or more rating agencies could materially and negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows.

As our ability to underwrite business is dependent upon the quality of our claims paying and financial strength ratings as evaluated by independent rating agencies, a downgrade by any of these institutions could cause our competitive position in the insurance and reinsurance industries to suffer and make it more difficult for us to market our products.

A downgrade below "A-" of our principal insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries by either S&P or A.M. Best Company ("A.M. Best"), which is three notches below the current S&P financial strength rating of "A+" (Stable) and two notches below the A.M. Best financial strength rating of "A" (Negative), may trigger termination provisions in a significant number of our assumed reinsurance and retrocessional agreements and may potentially require us to return unearned premiums to cedants or post additional collateral. In addition, a material reduction in our shareholders' equity may trigger termination provisions or require us to post additional collateral in a majority of our assumed reinsurance agreements. Based on premium value, we estimate that approximately 52% of our in-force reinsurance contracts at December 31, 2017 contained provisions allowing clients to terminate those contracts upon a decline in our ratings to below "A-." 

In the event of such a downgrade, we cannot predict whether or how many of our clients would actually exercise such termination rights or the extent to which any such terminations would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or future prospects, or the market price for our securities. A downgrade could also result in both a substantial loss of business for us, as ceding companies and brokers that place such business may move to other insurers and reinsurers with higher ratings, and a loss of key employees. In certain limited instances, such downgrades may require us to return cash or assets to counterparties or to settle derivative and/or other transactions with the respective counterparties.

In addition to the financial strength ratings of our principal insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries, various rating agencies also publish credit ratings for XLIT. Credit ratings are indicators of a debt issuer's ability to meet the terms of debt obligations in a timely manner, are part of our overall funding profile, and affect our ability to access certain types of liquidity. Downgrades in our credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and cash flows in a number of ways, including adversely limiting our access to capital markets, potentially increasing the cost of debt or requiring us to post collateral.

Sovereign debt crisis concerns regarding the instability of countries experiencing such crises, as well as the downgrading of sovereign nations' credit ratings, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Global markets and economic conditions have in the past been negatively impacted by the uncertainty relating to sovereign debt levels in certain markets, such as those of developing nations including, but not limited to, Brazil and China, and of various E.U. member states (including Greece, Italy, Ireland, Portugal and Spain (the "European Periphery Nations")), the ability of those countries to service their sovereign debt obligations and the stability of financial institutions operating within those countries. This uncertainty in the past resulted, and could in the future result again, in volatile bond yields on such sovereign debt, as well as on those of the debt of corporations located or operating within such countries, and on the valuation of equity markets, and could have material adverse impacts on financial markets and economic conditions regionally or throughout the world. Such volatility could, in turn, have material adverse impacts on the performance of our investment portfolio, as well as some of our credit-sensitive underwriting activities. In addition, should governments default on their obligations, there could be a negative impact on both our direct equity and fixed income holdings, as well as on non-government issues and financials held within the country of default. See Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results - Balance Sheet Analysis - European Sovereign Debt," for an analysis of our fixed maturity portfolio's exposure to European Periphery Nations.

In addition, downgrades of sovereign debt - principally of E.U. member states, the United States, or other nations to which our investment portfolio is exposed - and concern about the potential default of government issuers, exits of member states 

28

from the E.U., or a possible breakup of the E.U. could create broader financial turmoil and uncertainty and could negatively impact the average credit rating quality of our investment portfolio, which could require us to change our minimum average credit quality target, and may result in foreign exchange and investment losses.

Given the extent of our European operations, including that several of our subsidiaries are domiciled in Europe, and given our European investment holdings, clients and counterparties, volatility in the European financial markets, or the failure of any significant European financial institution arising from the wider implications of a crisis, even if not an immediate counterparty to us, could have a material adverse impact on our business, investment portfolio, liquidity or financial performance.

For a discussion of the risks to our business during or following a financial market disruption and risks to our investment portfolio, see the risk factor entitled "We are exposed to significant capital markets risk related to changes in interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices and foreign exchange rates as well as other investment risks, which may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows."

Our efforts to develop new products or expand in targeted markets may not be successful and may create enhanced risks.

Our business initiatives involve developing new products or expanding existing products in targeted markets. We may not be successful in introducing new products or expanding in targeted markets and, even if we are successful, these efforts may create enhanced risks. Among other risks:

▪

Demand for new products or business generated in new markets may not meet our expectations.

▪

Pricing for new or enhanced products may be inadequate and may result in unprofitable business.

▪

To the extent we are able to market new products or expand into new markets, our risk exposures may change, and the data and models we use to manage such exposures may not be as sophisticated as those we use in existing markets or with existing products. This, in turn, could lead to losses in excess of our expectations.

▪

Efforts to develop new products or markets have the potential to create or increase distribution channel conflict.

▪

In connection with the addition of new products to existing coverages or the conversion of existing policyholders to a new product, some policyholders' pricing may increase, while the pricing for other policyholders may decrease, the net impact of which could negatively impact retention and margins.

▪

To develop new products or markets, we may encounter unanticipated regulatory scrutiny, operational issues or unanticipated coverage risks, or we may need to make substantial capital and operating expenditures, which may also negatively impact results.

If our efforts to develop new products or expand in targeted markets are not successful, our results could be materially and adversely affected.

If actual claims exceed our loss reserves, or if increases in the estimated levels of loss reserves are necessary, our financial results and cash flows could be adversely affected.

Our results of operations and financial condition depend upon our ability to accurately assess the potential losses associated with the risks that we insure and reinsure. We establish reserves for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expense ("LAE") liabilities, which are estimates of future payments of reported and unreported claims for losses and related expenses with respect to insured events that have occurred. The process of establishing reserves for property and casualty claims can be complex and is subject to considerable variability, as it requires the use of informed estimates and judgments. Actuarial estimates of unpaid loss and LAE liabilities are subject to potential errors of estimation, which could be significant, due to the fact that the ultimate disposition of claims incurred prior to the date of such estimation, whether reported or not, is subject to the outcome of events that have not yet occurred. These outcomes may be affected by the accuracy of the information on which the estimates were based, especially as estimates develop; jury decisions, court interpretations and legislative changes occur; the medical condition of claimants change, public attitudes evolve, and economic conditions such as inflation change or discount rates used by courts to evaluate settlements (such as the rates used by U.K. courts for lump sum bodily injury claims that are currently under review) change. Any of these changes could impact the ultimate cost of claims, which may require an adjustment of our reserves.

Inflation in relation to medical costs, construction costs and tort issues in particular impacts the property and casualty industry. However, broader market inflation also poses a risk of increasing overall loss costs. The impact of inflation on loss costs could be more pronounced for those lines of business that are considered "long tail" such as general liability, worker's compensation and professional liability, as they require a relatively long period of time to finalize and settle claims for a given accident year. Changes in the level of inflation could also result in an increased level of uncertainty in our estimation of loss reserves, particularly for long tail lines of business. The estimation of loss reserves may also be more difficult during times of 

29

adverse economic conditions due to unexpected changes in behavior of claimants and policyholders, including an increase in fraudulent reporting of exposures and/or losses, reduced maintenance of insured properties or increased frequency of small claims.

We have an actuarial staff in each of our operating segments, as well as a corporate actuarial team and a Chief Actuary who regularly evaluates the levels of loss reserves, taking into consideration factors that may impact the ultimate losses incurred. Any such evaluation could result in future changes in estimates of losses or reinsurance recoverable and would be reflected in our results of operations in the period in which the estimates are changed. Losses and LAE, to the extent that they exceed the applicable reserves, are charged to income as incurred. The reserve for unpaid losses and LAE comprises case reserves and IBNR and represents the estimated ultimate losses and LAE less paid losses and LAE. During the loss settlement period, which can span many years in duration for casualty business, additional facts regarding individual claims and trends often will become known, and case reserves may be adjusted by allocation from IBNR without any change in the overall reserve. In addition, application of statistical and actuarial methods may require the adjustment of the overall reserves upward or downward from time to time. Accordingly, the ultimate settlement of losses may be significantly greater than or less than reported loss and loss expense reserves.

The effects of emerging claim and coverage issues on our business are uncertain.

Changes to industry practices of legal, judicial, social, political, legislative or other environmental conditions or disruptions that affect businesses' continuity and interdependencies could cause unexpected issues related to claim and coverage as well as additional forms of loss experience to emerge. These issues may adversely affect our business by either expanding coverage beyond our underwriting intent or by increasing the number or size of claims. In some instances, these changes may not become apparent until sometime after we have issued the insurance or reinsurance contracts that are affected by the changes. In addition, our actual losses may vary materially from our current loss estimates based on a number of factors, including receipt of additional information from insureds or brokers, the attribution of losses to coverages that had not previously been considered as exposed and inflation in repair costs due to additional demand for labor and materials. As a result, the full extent of liability under an insurance or reinsurance contract may not be known for many years after such contract is issued and a loss occurs. The effects of these and other unforeseen emerging claim and coverage issues are extremely hard to predict and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

Our delegation of underwriting and claims authority to third parties exposes us to operational, financial and regulatory risks.

Part of our insurance business is underwritten and serviced by third parties. With respect to underwriting, our contractual arrangements with third parties will typically grant them limited rights to bind us to new and renewal policies, subject to contractual restrictions and obligations and requiring them to underwrite within the terms of our licenses. Should these third parties issue policies that contravene these contractual restrictions, we could nonetheless be deemed liable for such policies and subject to regulatory fines and penalties for any breach of licensing requirements. It is possible that in such circumstance we might not be fully indemnified for such third parties' contractual breaches.

With respect to claims where we contractually delegate claims adjusting and sometimes give third parties claims funds to manage, we could be exposed to their or agents’ errors in handling such delegated claims. We could also be exposed to potential liabilities relating to their claims practices. 

With respect to both the underwriting and servicing of our business by third parties, we could be exposed to their and their agents’ or producers’ operational risk, including, but not limited to, fraud, contract wording errors, handling errors, non-compliance with applicable information security laws and regulations, including those related to data privacy and related matters that may be issued by national, state or local governments, technological and staffing deficiencies, insolvency and inadequate disaster recovery. 

These aforementioned risks could adversely impact our reputation or client relationships or have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

We may be unable to purchase reinsurance and, even if we are able to successfully purchase reinsurance, it may be inadequate to protect us against losses or uncollectible reinsurance when due.

We purchase reinsurance, including retrocessional reinsurance, for our own account in order to mitigate the volatility that losses impose on our financial condition. Reinsurance, including retrocessional reinsurance, does not legally discharge the ceding company from its liability with respect to its obligations to its insureds or reinsureds. A reinsurer's or retrocessionaire's insolvency, inability or refusal to make timely payments or otherwise perform under the terms of its agreements with us, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on us because we remain liable to our insureds and reinsureds and may result in 

30

a recapture of the reinsured or retroceded business. For further information regarding our reinsurance exposure, see Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations."

From time to time, market conditions may limit or prevent us from obtaining the types and amounts of reinsurance that we consider adequate for our business needs. For example, after a year with a significant number of major catastrophes, reinsurance may be more difficult or costly to obtain. As a result, we may not be able to obtain reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance from entities with satisfactory creditworthiness in amounts that we deem desirable or on terms that we deem appropriate or acceptable. In addition, we may fail to purchase adequate reinsurance protection for certain risks or regions.

We also use capital market solutions, such as catastrophe bonds, as part of our overall risk management strategy. The use of catastrophe bonds may not provide the same level of protection as traditional reinsurance, and the protections provided may vary depending on the region in which the loss occurred, or the number of events that make up the loss. Like traditional reinsurance, the accessibility of the catastrophe bond market may be impacted by disruptions, volatility or uncertainty, such as those that may arise following a major catastrophic event. Also, to the extent that we use catastrophe bond products that produce reinsurance protections based on an industry loss index rather than on our actual incurred losses, such transactions could result in residual risk of the Company having a larger market share of such loss than anticipated by our modeling.

Our inability to obtain adequate reinsurance or other protection could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

The impairment of other financial institutions could adversely affect us.

We have exposure to various counterparties, including banks, hedge funds and other investment vehicles, and reinsurers, among others. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event our counterparty fails to perform its obligations. Even if we are entitled to collateral when a counterparty defaults, such collateral may be illiquid or proceeds from such collateral when liquidated may not be sufficient to recover the full amount of the obligation. We also have exposure to financial institutions in the form of secured and unsecured debt instruments and equity securities. See Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations."

Since we depend on a few brokers for a large portion of our revenues, loss of business provided by any one of them could adversely affect us.

We market our insurance and reinsurance products worldwide primarily through insurance and reinsurance brokers. As detailed in Item 8, 
Note 18, "Commitments and Contingencies
," to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein, AON Corporation, Marsh & McLennan Companies and the Willis Group and their respective subsidiaries each provided significant portions of our gross written premiums for property and casualty operations. Loss of all or a substantial portion of the business provided by one or more of these brokers could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Our reliance on brokers subjects us to credit risk.

In certain jurisdictions, when an insured or ceding insurer pays premiums for (re)insurance policies to brokers for further payment to us, such premiums might be considered to have been paid and the insured or ceding insurer will no longer be liable to us for such amounts, whether or not we have actually received the premiums from the broker. In addition, in accordance with industry practice and contract terms, we generally pay amounts owed on claims under our reinsurance contracts to brokers, and these brokers, in turn, pay these amounts over to the clients that have purchased reinsurance from us. In most jurisdictions, if a broker fails to make such a claims payment to the insured or ceding (re)insurer, we generally remain liable to the insured or ceding (re)insurer for that non-payment. Consequently, we assume a degree of credit risk associated with the brokers with whom we transact business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We are subject to a number of risks associated with the global nature of our business.

A material portion of our revenues is derived from our clients in Europe, North America and Bermuda. Weak demand or market disruption in these regions could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. We have also continued to pursue opportunities in other countries, including in developing markets such as Asia Pacific, Africa and Latin America. Differing economic conditions and patterns of economic growth and contraction in the regions in which we operate could make it more difficult to forecast accurately product demand and effectively develop business, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Risks involved with conducting business globally include unclear laws and regulations, political and social instability, political violence, strikes, riots, kidnap and ransom, civil unrest, expropriation and terrorism. In addition, conducting business in developing markets subjects us to a number of other significant risks. These risks include greater price volatility of investment positions, less liquid markets, less available information than is generally the case in developed markets, restrictions such as price controls, capital controls, exchange controls, ownership limits and other restrictive governmental actions. In 

31

addition, competition for skilled employees in developing markets may be intense. These risks may lead to higher than anticipated transaction costs and could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation financial condition and results of operations.

The occurrence of one or more of these or other risks in one country may affect our operations in another country or countries. Failure to comply with local laws in a particular market could have a significant and negative effect not only on our business in that market but also on our reputation generally.

Actual results could materially differ from the analytical models we use to assist our decision making in key areas such as underwriting, pricing, capital, hedging, reserving, and catastrophe risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations or liquidity.

We use various modeling techniques (e.g., scenarios, predictive, stochastic and/or forecasting) and data analytics to analyze and estimate exposures and assess product pricing and pricing adequacy, loss trends and other risks associated with our assets and liabilities. We use the modeled outputs and related analyses to assist us in decision making (e.g., capital setting, capital allocation, underwriting, reserving, pricing, reinsurance purchasing, investment decisions and managing catastrophe exposure). The modeled outputs and related analyses - both from proprietary and third party models - are subject to various assumptions, uncertainties, model errors and the inherent limitations of any statistical analysis, including the timeliness, availability, use, accuracy and relevance of historical, internal and industry data, and incorporate numerous assumptions and forecasts about the future level and variability of interest rates, inflation, capital requirements, loss frequency and severity, currency exchange rates, policyholder behavior, meteorological and seismological relationships, and the state of the judicial climate and equity markets, among others. Further, the effectiveness of any model can be degraded by operational risks including, but not limited to, the improper use of the model, including input errors, data errors, and human error, or misuse or misinterpretation of the model's outputs. Misuse of the model's outputs includes potential overreliance upon the model's outputs beyond its domain of statistical relevance. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from our modeled results. If we erroneously or excessively rely upon inaccurate or incomplete models, new business growth and retention of our existing business may be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

Future experience may be materially different from past experience, and events occurring or continuing to occur, or the correlation among events, and third party model estimates of losses can be, and often have been, materially different for similar events in comparison to our proprietary estimates. The differences between third party model estimates and our proprietary estimates are driven by the use of different data sets as well as different assumptions and forecasts regarding the frequency and severity of events and claims arising from the events.

The profitability and financial condition of the Company substantially depends on the extent to which our actual experience is consistent with assumptions we use in our models and ultimate model outputs. If our models fail to appropriately reflect actual outcomes, our profit margins and financial condition may be adversely affected, which in turn could have a negative impact on our credit ratings or cause regulators to increase our capital holding requirements. If we overestimate the risks to which we are exposed, we may overprice our products, and new business growth and retention of our existing business may be adversely affected. If, based upon these models or other factors, we misprice our products or our estimates of risks we are exposed to prove to be materially inaccurate, our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity may be adversely affected.

Our holding company structure and certain regulatory and other constraints affect our ability to pay dividends, make payments on our debt securities and make other payments.

Our ability to pay dividends or return capital from shareholders' equity is limited by applicable laws and regulations of the various jurisdictions in which our principal (re)insurance subsidiaries operate, certain additional required regulatory approvals, and financial covenants contained in our letters of credit and revolving credit facilities.

As holding companies, XL Group and XLIT have no operations of their own, and their assets consist primarily of investments in subsidiaries. Accordingly, XL Group and XLIT rely on the availability of dividends and other permissible payments from subsidiaries to make principal and interest payments on debt, to pay operating expenses and XL Group common and XLIT preferred shareholder dividends, to make capital investments in subsidiaries and to pay other obligations that may arise from time to time. The payment of dividends by our (re)insurance subsidiaries is regulated under the laws of various countries, including Bermuda, the U.K., Ireland, Switzerland and other countries where we have regulated subsidiaries, by certain insurance statutes of various states in the United States in which our (re)insurance subsidiaries are domiciled and by the Society of Lloyd's. For further information regarding regulatory restrictions governing the payment of dividends by the Company's significant (re)insurance subsidiaries in Bermuda, the U.K., Ireland and the U.S., see Item 8, 
Note 24, "Statutory Financial Data
," to the Consolidated Financial Statements, and Item 1, "Business – Regulation."

32

Each of XL Group and XLIT is subject to certain legal constraints that affect its ability to pay dividends or make other payments to its shareholders. Under Bermuda law, XL Group may not declare or pay a dividend or make a distribution out of contributed surplus if there are reasonable grounds for believing that: a) the Company is, or would after the payment be, unable to pay its liabilities as they become due; or (b) the realizable value of the Company's assets would thereby be less than its liabilities. The ability to declare and pay dividends may also be restricted by the group-wide capital and solvency provision imposed by the BMA described under Item 1, "Business - Regulation." Under Cayman Islands law, XLIT may not declare or pay a dividend if there are reasonable grounds for believing that XLIT is, or would after the payment be, unable to pay its liabilities as they become due in the ordinary course of business. Also, the terms of XLIT's preferred shares prohibit it from declaring or paying dividends on the ordinary shares that XL Group holds unless full dividends have been declared and paid on the outstanding preferred shares.

The ability to declare and pay dividends may also be restricted by financial covenants in our letters of credit and revolving credit facilities. 

We may require additional capital in the future, which may not be available to us on satisfactory terms, on a timely basis or at all.

Our future capital requirements depend on many factors, including our ability to write new business successfully and to establish premium rates and reserves at levels sufficient to cover our losses. To the extent that the funds generated by our ongoing operations are insufficient to fund future operating requirements and cover claim payments, or that our capital position is adversely impacted by mark-to-market changes on the investment portfolio, catastrophe events or otherwise, we may need to raise additional funds through financings or curtail our growth and reduce our assets. Any future financing may not be available on terms that are favorable to us, if at all. Any future equity financings could be dilutive to our existing shareholders or could result in the issuance of securities that have rights, preferences and privileges that are senior to those of our other securities.

Our letter of credit facilities are effective for certain cedants only if the banks issuing letters of credit are on the list of NAIC approved banks. If some or all of the issuing banks under our credit facilities cease to be NAIC approved and we are unable to replace them with NAIC approved banks, our letter of credit facility capacity could be significantly diminished. In the case of a macroeconomic event, such as (but not limited to) the dissolution of the European Monetary Union, the availability of alternative lending sources may be significantly reduced or non-existent, and the cost of replacement facilities may be significantly increased or prohibitive. If we are unable to obtain adequate capital when needed, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.

Competition in the insurance and reinsurance industries could reduce our operating margins.

The insurance and reinsurance industries are highly competitive. We compete on an international and regional basis with major U.S., Bermudian, European and other international insurers and reinsurers and with underwriting syndicates, some of which have greater financial and management resources, higher ratings, and/or greater name recognition than we have. We also compete with new companies that continue to be formed to enter the insurance and reinsurance markets and with alternative products that are intended to compete with insurance and reinsurance products, such as insurance/risk-linked securities, catastrophe bonds and derivatives. In recent years, capital market participants have been increasingly active in the reinsurance market and in markets for related risks. Certain of these new participants are pursuing more aggressive strategies, including with respect to investments, than traditional participants, which may result in further pressure on our premium rates. Increased competition could result in fewer submissions, lower premium rates and less favorable policy terms and conditions, which could reduce our margins.

Consolidation in the insurance industry could adversely impact us.

Insurance industry participants have consolidated through recent mergers and acquisitions and may continue to seek to consolidate. Continued consolidation within the insurance industry would further enhance the already competitive underwriting environment because we would likely experience more robust competition from larger, better capitalized competitors. These consolidated entities may use their enhanced market power and broader capital base to negotiate price reductions for our products and services, and reduce their use of reinsurance, and, as such, we may experience rate declines and possibly write less business.

Operational risks, including human or systems failures, are inherent in our business.

Losses can result from operational risk such as, among other things, fraud, errors, failure to document transactions properly or to obtain proper internal authorization, failure to comply with regulatory requirements, information technology or information security failures, failure of key third party systems on which we rely, failure to appropriately transition new hires, or external events. Areas of operational risk can be heightened after a major acquisition, or in discontinued or exited businesses 

33

as a result of reduced overall resource allocation and the loss of relevant knowledge and expertise held by departing management or employees.

We operate globally and have two office locations in India and one in Poland that currently provide large portions of our back office support. Our global operations present significant operational risk due to the possibility of political instability, natural and man-made catastrophes, disruptions in communication or information processes, whether due to technical difficulties, power failures or destruction or damage to our offices for any reason. If any disruption occurs, our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not be effective, particularly if natural or man-made catastrophic events occur, and such disruption could harm our results of operations or our reputation in the marketplace.

We believe that our modeling, underwriting and information technology and application systems are critical to our business, as our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information through our computer systems and networks. Moreover, our information technology and application systems have been important to our underwriting process and our ability to compete successfully. Our business depends on effective information systems and the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to run our business. Our ability to adequately price products and services, to establish reserves, to provide effective and efficient service to our clients, and to timely and accurately report our financial results also depends significantly on the integrity of the data in our information systems and processes supporting them. Failure of any of these systems, or inaccuracies in the data stored therein, may jeopardize our ability to service and interact with clients and report to regulators, which could result in significant losses, reputational damage or regulatory non-compliance. In addition, we have licensed certain systems and data from third parties. We cannot be certain that we will have access to these, or comparable, service providers, or that our information technology or application systems will continue to operate as intended. 

We have also outsourced certain activities to third parties. For example, we have outsourced custody and record-keeping of our investment portfolio as well as a significant portion of the day-to-day management of our investment portfolio to third-party managers, custodians and investment accounting service providers that we believe to be reputable. A major defect in investment management strategy or decision-making by those managers could result in management distraction and/or significant financial loss. We also have outsourced claims handling for certain of our business, including portions of our Run-Off Life Operations, to third parties, and we rely on a few brokers for a large portion of our revenues. A major defect in our brokers', claims managers', investment managers', custodians' or investment accounting services providers' internal controls or information and technology systems could result in management distraction or significant financial loss or other negative impact on our business. We also have delegated underwriting and claims authority to third parties, which exposes us to additional operational risks. For further information regarding risks associated with delegated underwriting and claims authority see risk factor entitled "Our delegation of underwriting and claims authority to third parties exposes us to operational, financial and regulatory risks".

Any ineffectiveness in our internal controls, information technology, application systems, investment management (including, without limitation, in setting our investment strategy or in our investment managers' execution of such strategy or our monitoring thereof) or custody and record keeping could have a material adverse effect on our business. Similarly, any ineffectiveness in the internal controls, information technology, application systems, investment management strategy or execution or custody or record keeping of any of our aforementioned vendors could also have a material adverse effect on our business.

Information security risks, data protection breaches and cyber attacks could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Our approach to cyber risk and information security follows a defense-in-depth strategy to defend against any attacks. This includes a layered tactical scheme using multiple security controls that are designed to compensate when any control fails or a vulnerability is exploited. Our internal control and information technology and application systems may be vulnerable to threats from computer viruses, natural disasters, unauthorized access, cyber attacks and other similar disruptions. In addition, electronically stored information may be accessible from portable devices such as laptop computers and cellular telephones used by our employees or vendors, and these devices could be lost or stolen. Computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our network's system security measures and misappropriate or compromise confidential information, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. In addition to our own confidential information, as a (re)insurer, we receive and are required to protect confidential information from clients and other third parties. To the extent any disruption or security breach results in a loss or damage to our data, or inappropriate disclosure of our confidential information or that of others, it could impact our operations, cause significant damage to our reputation, affect our relationships with our customers and clients, lead to claims against us under various data privacy laws, result in regulatory action and ultimately have a material adverse effect on our business or operations. In addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to mitigate the damage caused by any security breach, to address any interruptions in our business, or to protect against future damage.

34

Laws and regulations regarding the handling of personal data and information may impede our services or result in increased costs, and failure to comply with such data privacy laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences.

Our business relies on the processing of data in many jurisdictions and the movement of data across national borders. The collection, storage, handling, disclosure, use, transfer and security of personal information that occurs in connection with our business is subject to federal, state and foreign data privacy laws. These legal requirements are not uniform and continue to evolve, and regulatory scrutiny in this area is increasing around the world. In many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information among the Company and its subsidiaries. Significant uncertainty exists, as privacy and data protection laws may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. For example, the E.U. adopted the comprehensive General Data Privacy Regulation (the "GDPR"), which becomes effective in May 2018 and extends the scope of the E.U. data protection law to all companies processing data of E.U. residents, regardless of the company’s location. The law requires companies to meet new requirements regarding the handling of personal data, including new rights such as the "portability" of personal data. Complying with the enhanced obligations imposed by the GDPR may result in significant costs to our business and require us to amend certain of our business practices. Furthermore, enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities related to data security incidents and privacy violations continue to increase. The enactment of more restrictive laws, rules, regulations, or future enforcement actions or investigations could impact us through increased costs or restrictions on our business, and noncompliance could result in regulatory penalties and significant legal liability.

In addition, unauthorized disclosure or transfer of sensitive or confidential client or Company data, whether through systems failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, by the Company or other parties with whom we do business, could subject us to significant litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions. Such events could also result in negative publicity and damage to our reputation and cause us to lose business, which could therefore have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

We are subject to laws and regulations relating to sanctions, anti-corruption and money laundering, the violation of which could adversely affect our operations.

Our activities are subject to applicable economic and trade sanctions, money laundering regulations, and anti-corruption laws in the jurisdictions where we operate, including the U.K. and the European Community and the U.S., among others. For example, we are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, which, among other matters, generally prohibit corrupt payments or unreasonable gifts to foreign governments or officials. Although we have in place systems and controls designed to comply with applicable laws and regulations, there is a risk that those systems and controls will not always be effective to achieve full compliance, as those laws and regulations are interpreted by the relevant authorities. Furthermore, these risks are heightened due to the fact that the sanctions relief implemented as a result of the Iran Nuclear Agreement differs for our U.S. subsidiaries and persons as compared to our E.U. subsidiaries and persons. Failure to accurately interpret or comply with or obtain appropriate authorizations and/or exemptions under such laws or regulations could subject us to investigations, criminal sanctions or civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, loss of an operating license, reputational consequences, and other sanctions, all of which could damage our business or reputation. Such damage could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Potential government intervention in our industry could hinder our flexibility and negatively affect the business opportunities that may be available to us in the market.

Government intervention and the possibility of future government intervention have created uncertainty in the insurance and reinsurance markets. Government regulators are generally concerned with the protection of policyholders to the exclusion of other constituencies, including shareholders of insurers and reinsurers. While we cannot predict the exact nature, timing or scope of possible governmental initiatives, such proposals could adversely affect our business by, among other things:

▪

providing insurance and reinsurance capacity in markets and to consumers that we target, e.g., the creation or expansion of state or federal catastrophe funds such as those in the state of Florida;

▪

requiring our participation in industry pools and guarantee associations;

▪

expanding the scope of coverage or altering the enforceability of deductibles under existing policies; 

▪

regulating the terms of insurance and reinsurance policies;

▪

ordering the suspension of or otherwise altering the application of insurance laws or regulations; or 

▪

disproportionately benefiting the companies of one country over those of another.

35

The insurance industry is also affected by legislative, political, judicial and legal developments that may create new and expanded theories of liability, which may result in unexpected claims frequency and severity and delays or cancelations of products and services by insureds, insurers and reinsurers, which could adversely affect our business.

For further information regarding government regulation and/or intervention in response to the financial and credit crises, see risk factor entitled "Governmental and regulatory actions may impact the marketplace generally or us in particular" above.

The loss of one or more key executives or the inability to attract, motivate and retain qualified personnel could adversely affect our ability to conduct business.

Our success depends on our ability to attract new, highly skilled individuals and to motivate and retain our existing key executives and qualified personnel. Qualified employees are highly sought after both in the insurance and reinsurance industry and by other large companies and professional organizations, and we face significant competition for their talents. The loss of the services of any of our key executives or the inability to attract, motivate and retain other highly skilled individuals in the future could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. In addition, we do not necessarily maintain key man life insurance policies with respect to our senior employees.

A decrease in the fair values of our reporting units may result in future goodwill impairments.

When we acquire an entity, the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is allocated to goodwill. We conduct impairment tests on our goodwill at least annually based upon the fair value of the reporting unit to which such goodwill relates, including the determination of expected future cash flows and/or profitability of such reporting units, and we take into account market value multiples and/or cash flows of entities that we deem to be comparable in nature, scope or size to our reporting units. A goodwill impairment is created if the estimated fair value of one or more of our reporting units decreases, causing the carrying value of the net assets assigned to the reporting unit - which includes the value of the assigned goodwill - to exceed the fair value of such net assets. If we determine such an impairment exists, we adjust the carrying value of goodwill to its implied fair value. The impairment charge is recorded in our income statement in the period in which the impairment is determined. If we are required in the future to record additional goodwill impairments, our financial condition and results of operations would be negatively affected. In connection with fair value measurements and the accounting for goodwill, the use of generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions. Significant judgment is required in making these estimates and assumptions, and actual results may ultimately be materially different from such estimates and assumptions.

We are exposed to risks in connection with our alternative capital arrangements and with respect to services provided to third parties. 

We have and may continue to establish, operate, invest in or manage third-party capital vehicles. In connection with these arrangements, a primary portion of the business written by the insurers affiliated with these third party capital vehicles may be reinsurance or retrocessional contracts ceded by our wholly-owned subsidiaries. The Company will continue to underwrite business for its own portfolios in accordance with its own policies, strategies and business plans and the Company may, and likely will, write business for itself that would otherwise have been suitable for one or more of these third party capital vehicles. As a result, there may be situations in which the interests of one or more third-party capital vehicle may conflict with the interests of another such vehicle or the Company and its shareholders. Additionally, our subsidiaries and/or their respective partners, principals, employees, officers, directors, shareholders and affiliates ("XL Persons") may have investment interests in, hold directorships with, serve as executives of, or otherwise be involved with, these third-party capital vehicles. As a result, conflicts may also arise in cases where an XL Person simultaneously performs services for a third-party capital vehicle and for the Company. Such conflicts could have a negative effect on our relationship with such third party capital vehicles or our reputation generally and could materially impact our investments in those vehicles.

Our asset and insurance manager subsidiary New Ocean Capital Management Limited ("New Ocean Capital Management"), our insurance manager subsidiary XL Underwriting Managers Ltd., or our other affiliated investment vehicles may owe certain legal duties and obligations to counterparties or third party investors (including reporting obligations), and will be subject to complex laws and regulations relating to such duties and obligations. Compliance with some of these laws and regulations, all of which are subject to change, requires significant management time and attention. Although these entities will seek to continually monitor their policies and procedures to attempt to ensure compliance, faulty or mistaken judgments or representations, errors or the failure of their personnel to adhere to their policies and procedures could result in their failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, which could result in significant liabilities, penalties or other losses and harm our business and results of operations.

Additionally, a decision by any of the third party investors of New Ocean Capital Management or its managed funds or our other affiliated investment vehicles to terminate or alter their relationship with us could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, we cannot provide assurance that we will be able to attract or raise additional third party 

36

capital on terms that are favorable to us, or at all, and therefore we may forego existing and/or potential fee income and other income generating opportunities.

Current, pending or future lawsuits against us, including putative class action lawsuits, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in a particular fiscal quarter or year.

We are subject to lawsuits and arbitrations in the regular course of our business. An adverse resolution of one or more lawsuits or arbitrations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in a particular fiscal quarter or year. We also face the risk that an adverse resolution of a claim brought against us or against another (re)insurance company could create a precedent in the industry that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

Changes in current accounting practices and future pronouncements may materially impact our reported financial results.

Developments in accounting practices may require us to incur considerable additional expenses to comply with such developments, particularly if we are required to prepare information relating to prior periods for comparative purposes or to apply the new requirements retroactively. The impact of changes in current accounting practices and future pronouncements cannot be predicted but may affect the calculation of net income, net equity and other relevant financial statement line items and the timing of when impairments and other charges are tested or taken. 

Acquisitions, strategic investments and joint ventures may expose us to additional risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our acquisition activities, strategic investments and joint ventures may not achieve expected returns and other benefits as a result of various factors including integration challenges, diverging interests and significant unanticipated liabilities. With respect to acquisitions, these liabilities could include tax liabilities, employment, retirement or severance-related obligations under applicable law or other benefits arrangements, legal claims, intellectual property liabilities, warranty or similar liabilities to customers, and claims by or amounts owed to vendors. Our strategic investment and joint venture partners or the other parties that hold the remaining ownership interests in companies that we do not control may at any time have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with our goals or the goals of the companies in which we hold a strategic investment or joint venture. In addition, where we hold a minority stake in a strategic investment or joint venture, we may not be in a position to control such company’s operations or compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Disputes or deadlocks may occur with respect to strategic investments and joint ventures where we and the other investors in such companies cannot agree on a path to move forward and we may not be able to exit such investments on terms acceptable to us. 

The failure to achieve the expected returns or the incurrence of such unanticipated liabilities, should they be significant, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Investments 

The value of our investments is subject to significant capital markets risk related to changes in interest rates and credit spreads as well as other investment risks, which may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.

Our results of operations are affected by the performance of our investment portfolio. Our assets are invested primarily by a number of external investment management service providers, and to a lesser extent by our in-house portfolio management team, under the direction of the Company's management in accordance with the Authorities Framework. The Authorities Framework defines constraints and guidelines that restrict the asset classes that we may invest in by type, duration, geography and value. Our investments are subject to market-wide risks, and fluctuations, as well as to risks inherent in particular securities. The failure of any of the investment risk strategies that we employ could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The value of our investments is exposed to significant individual issuer risks, as well as capital market risks, and our consolidated results of operations, financial condition or cash flows could be adversely affected by realized losses, impairments and changes in unrealized positions as a result of: significant continued market volatility, changes in interest rates, changes in credit spreads and defaults, a lack of pricing transparency, a reduction in market liquidity, declines in equity prices, changes in national, state/provincial or local laws and the strengthening or weakening of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar. Levels of write-down or impairment are impacted by our assessment of the intent to sell securities that have declined in value as well as actual losses as a result of defaults or deterioration in estimates of cash flows. If we reposition or realign portions of the investment portfolio and sell securities in an unrealized loss position, we will incur an other-than-temporary impairment charge or realized losses. Any such charge may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and business.

For the year ended 
December 31, 2017
, we incurred net realized and unrealized investment gains and losses, as described in Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," included herein. We 

37

continue to closely monitor current market conditions and evaluate the long term impact of the market on all of our investment holdings. Depending on market conditions, we could incur additional realized and unrealized losses in future periods, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations, financial condition and business.

Our exposure to interest rate risk relates primarily to the market price and cash flow variability of fixed income instruments that are associated with changes in interest rates. Our investment portfolio contains interest rate sensitive instruments, such as fixed income securities, which have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by changes in interest rates from central bank monetary policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions and other factors beyond our control. A rise in interest rates would increase the net unrealized loss position of our investment portfolio, which would be offset by our ability to earn higher rates of return on funds reinvested over time. Conversely, a decline in interest rates would decrease the net unrealized loss position of our investment portfolio, which would be offset by lower rates of return on funds reinvested. 

Our exposure to credit spread risk relates primarily to the market price associated with changes in prevailing market credit spreads and the impact on our holdings of spread products such as corporate and structured and credit-sensitive government-related securities. Approximately 
3.3%
 of our aggregate fixed income portfolio consists of below investment-grade high yield fixed income securities. These securities have a higher degree of credit or default risk and a greater exposure to credit spread risk. Certain investments may be less liquid in times of economic weakness or market disruptions. Our procedures to monitor the credit risk and liquidity of our invested assets in general and those impacted by recent credit market issues specifically may not protect us during periods of economic weakness or periods of turmoil in capital markets from default losses in both our investment grade and below investment grade corporate and structured holdings. This may result in a material reduction of net income, capital and cash flows.

Downturns and volatility in the equity markets could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.

Our investments include common stock or equity-related securities, including hedge funds and private investments (including funds). The value of these assets fluctuates, due to changes in the equity and credit markets along with other factors. In times of economic weakness, the market value and liquidity of these assets may decline, and may negatively impact net income, capital and cash flows. In addition, the amount of earnings from hedge funds and private investments (including funds) are not earned evenly across the year, or even from year to year. As a result, earnings that we record from these investments may vary substantially from quarter to quarter. The ability of a hedge fund to satisfy any redemption request from its investors depends on the underlying liquidity of the hedge fund's investments. As a result, earnings, distributions and redemptions from these two asset classes may be more difficult to predict, and, if such funds are unable to satisfy our redemption requests, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely impacted. As hedge funds and certain private investments and other funds are collective investment vehicles managed by third parties, we do not control the proceeds once we make our investments, thus subjecting us to a higher level of fraud risk than is the case with our fixed income and equity holdings.

Our investments are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate and international securities market risks that could negatively affect our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

Our investments include securities of non-U.S. companies. Investing in non-U.S. companies may expose us to additional risks not typically associated with investing in U.S. companies, including political and social instability, imposition of foreign taxes, higher transaction costs, less government supervision and greater price volatility. These risks are likely to be more pronounced for investments in companies located in emerging markets. A portion of our investments are denominated in other currencies.

Many of our non-U.S. subsidiaries maintain both assets and liabilities in currencies different than their functional currency, which exposes us to changes in currency exchange rates. The functional currencies of our principal insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries include the U.S. dollar, British pound, the Euro, the Swiss franc and the Canadian dollar. Exchange rate fluctuations of one currency relative to one or more other currencies may materially impact our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

In addition, locally-required capital levels are invested in local currencies in order to satisfy regulatory requirements and to support local insurance operations regardless of currency fluctuations. Foreign exchange rate risk is reviewed as part of our risk management process, and we utilize derivative instruments such as futures, options and foreign currency forward contracts to, among other things, manage our foreign currency exposure. It is possible that these instruments will not effectively mitigate all or a substantial portion of our foreign exchange rate risk, which could adversely impact the Company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

38

The determination of the amount of other-than-temporary impairments taken on our investments is based on subjective valuation judgments and could materially impact our financial position and results of operations.

Our management periodically reviews and assesses our portfolio to determine if other-than-temporary impairments ("OTTI") should be recognized on our investments. For discussion of our accounting policy regarding OTTI, see Item 8, 
Note 1(g), "Significant Accounting Policies - Other-Than-Temporary Impairments of Available for Sale
."

There are risks and uncertainties associated with determining whether declines in the fair value of investments are other-than-temporary. These include, among others: subsequent changes in general economic conditions as well as specific business conditions affecting particular issuers, our liability profile, the subjective assessment of issue-specific factors (seniority of claims, collateral value, etc.), future financial market effects, the stability of foreign governments and economies, future rating agency actions and significant disclosure of accounting, fraud or corporate governance issues that may adversely affect certain investments. During periods of market disruption, it may also be more difficult to value certain securities if trading becomes less frequent or market data less observable. There may also be certain asset classes that become illiquid due to the financial environment. 

Significant assumptions and management judgment are involved in determining that a decline is other-than-temporary. If management determines that a decline in fair value is temporary, then a security's value is not written down at that time. However, there are potential effects upon our future earnings and financial position should management later conclude that some of the current declines in the fair value of the investments are other-than-temporary declines.

Our management may not have assessed the correct amount of impairments to be taken in our financial statements and additional impairments may need to be recognized in the future, which could materially impact our financial position or results of operations. Historical trends may not be indicative of future impairments.

Certain of our investments may be illiquid or are in asset classes that have in times of market stress experienced significant market valuation fluctuations.

We hold certain investments that may lack liquidity or for which the availability of prices or inputs may be reduced in periods of market dislocation. Examples of such investments include: non-agency residential mortgage-backed and collateralized debt obligation securities, investments in affiliates, private equity and private debt securities, and investments in certain hedge funds, which may suspend or delay redemption requests under certain circumstances. Even some of our high quality assets have been more illiquid during periods of challenging market conditions. Generally, securities classified as Level 3 pursuant to the fair value hierarchy set forth in authoritative accounting guidance over fair value measurements may be less liquid, more difficult to value, and more likely to result in sales at materially different amounts than the fair values determined by management.

The reported values of our relatively illiquid types of investments and, in certain circumstances, our high quality, generally liquid asset classes, do not necessarily reflect the lowest current market bid price for the asset. If we require significant amounts of cash on short notice, we may not be able to sell certain of our assets for the prices at which we have recorded them, and we may be forced to sell them at significantly lower prices, particularly at times of extreme market illiquidity. Any such sales could adversely impact the Company's financial position.

Regulation 

Governmental and regulatory actions may impact the marketplace generally or us in particular.

Over the past ten years, the (re)insurance industry has come under increased regulatory and governmental scrutiny in many jurisdictions where we operate, including the United States, the U.K. and the Euro-zone. In the United States, Dodd-Frank created the Federal Insurance Office (the "FIO") within the Treasury Department that is focused on monitoring the insurance sector and representing the U.S. internationally on prudential insurance matters. Dodd-Frank also created the Financial Stability Oversight Council, which has overseen the process and criteria by which companies may be designated as non-bank systemically important financial institutions. Similarly, the Financial Stability Board ("FSB"), consisting of representatives of national financial authorities of the G20 nations, has issued a series of frameworks and recommendations intended to produce significant changes in how financial companies, particularly global systemically important financial institutions, including (re)insurers, should be regulated. The approach to systemic risk regulation in the U.S. and internationally continues to evolve. While we have not been required to make material changes to our business or operations as a result of Dodd-Frank or the FSB activity, we continue to monitor developments closely. 

The IAIS is also in the process of developing a comprehensive, group-wide supervisory and regulatory framework for internationally active insurance groups ("IAIGs"), referred to as the Common Framework for the Supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups ("ComFrame"). As proposed, ComFrame also will include a quantitative international capital standard ("ICS"). The framework is expected to come into force post-2019 and in certain respects, its implementation may be phased in 

39

over a period of years. While we have not been, nor do we expect that we will be, designated as "systematic", certain of our competitors may be so designated, which may impact market behavior and/or access to capital. We believe that we would meet the criteria to be designated as an IAIG by the time ComFrame is implemented and, consequently, we may become subject to the proposed ICS and ComFrame. As such, the additional requirements of ComFrame and the application of the ICS will likely result in greater regulatory scrutiny, higher costs of compliance and increased regulatory capital requirements. In addition, any such governmental actions or future regulatory initiatives may impact certain investment instruments in our investment portfolio, or our competitive position, business or financial position. 

The regulatory regimes under which we operate, and potential changes thereto, could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries operate in more than 20 countries around the world as well as in all 50 U.S. states. Our operations in each of these jurisdictions are subject to varying degrees of regulation and supervision. The laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are domiciled require, among other things, that these subsidiaries maintain minimum levels of statutory capital, surplus and liquidity, meet solvency standards, submit to periodic examinations of their financial condition and restrict payments of dividends, distributions and reductions of capital in certain circumstances. Statutes, regulations and policies that our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are subject to may also restrict the ability of these subsidiaries to write insurance and reinsurance policies, make certain investments and distribute funds.

We may not be able to comply fully with, or obtain desired exemptions from, statutes, regulations and policies that govern the conduct of our business. Further, our misinterpretation of or lack of experience with new laws, regulations or policies may result in inadvertent compliance failures. Failure to comply with, or to obtain desired authorizations and/or exemptions under, any applicable laws or regulations could result in restrictions on our ability to do business or undertake activities that are regulated in one or more of the jurisdictions in which we operate and could subject us to fines and other sanctions. In addition, changes in the laws or regulations to which we are, or may become subject, or in the interpretations thereof by enforcement or regulatory agencies, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Regulatory solvency requirements, including the Solvency II regime, could have a material adverse effect on our business.

The BMA serves as our group regulator, and its group supervision rules subject XL Group to risk-based capital standards that impose required levels of statutory capital and surplus. Our Bermuda-based (re)insurance subsidiaries also are subject to the BMA's risk-based capital standards. Capital adequacy and risk management regulations, called Solvency II, were implemented throughout the EEA on January 1, 2016. Our U.K. based regulated entities, which includes our Lloyd's syndicates, and our Ireland based regulated entities are subject to the PRA's and CBI's risk-based capital requirements under the Solvency II regime, respectively. See Item 1, "Business - Regulation," included herein. 

While we currently have excess capital and surplus under these requirements, such requirements or regulations, in their current form or as may be amended in the future, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation. In addition, XL Group’s and XL Bermuda’s regulatory capital requirements are calculated using our BMA-approved ICM, and the BMA is currently consulting on changes to its risk-based capital requirements, which could result in higher capital requirements in the future. Further, if the BMA were to revoke its approval of our ICM, we could be subject to higher capital requirements and reputational harm with our clients or regulators. Such heightened capital requirements or reputational damage could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

The components of our capital fall within various categories under Bermuda's and other regulatory capital regimes, including Solvency II. Each of these categories is afforded different treatment and this treatment may change in the future. If any our capital fails to receive the treatment its does today, we may be required to raise additional capital that would be afforded the necessary treatment under the applicable regime. Any such capital raise would be subject to market and other conditions, and there can be no assurance that we would be able to raise such capital when needed.

Bermuda has been determined to be fully equivalent with Solvency II for an "indefinite period." However, Solvency II provides that countries' equivalence should be regularly reviewed to take into account any changes to the prudential or solvency regime. It is therefore possible that in the future a determination could be made that Bermuda's insurance supervisory regime is no longer equivalent to Solvency II. In such event, E.U. supervisors may conduct group supervision under Solvency II in respect of XL Group or utilize (currently unspecified) "other methods" to achieve the aims of group supervision, and could impose restrictions and requirements on us that could be material and adverse to our business and operations.

In addition, under Solvency II, E.U. cedants placing reinsurance with (re)insurers that are domiciled in the E.U. (or in countries that are deemed equivalent to the Solvency II regime for these purposes) receive full credit for such reinsurance. Our (re)insurance subsidiaries that are not domiciled in the E.U. (or in countries deemed equivalent) that provide reinsurance to E.U. cedants may be required by such cedants to post collateral in order for such cedants to receive full credit for the 

40

reinsurance ceded. This could increase the cost of doing business, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.  Similarly, there is a risk that our (re)insurance subsidiaries purchasing reinsurance protection from (re)insurers not domiciled in the E.U. (or in countries that are deemed equivalent) will not receive full credit for such reinsurance which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Regulations and legislation relating to capital adequacy and risk management are also in the process of being developed or implemented in other jurisdictions. There remains significant uncertainty as to the impact that these various regulations and legislation will have on us. Such impacts could include constraints on our ability to move capital between subsidiaries or requirements that additional capital be provided to subsidiaries in certain jurisdictions, which may adversely impact our profitability.

We face risks related to operating at Lloyd's.

We are currently one of the largest underwriting syndicates in Lloyd's. As a result, we are exposed to the risks facing syndicates operating at Lloyd's, which include, but are not limited to, the following factors which, alone or in combination, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations:

•

having exposure to the Council of Lloyd's (the "Council") wide discretionary powers to regulate members of Lloyd's, including the Council's power to vary the method by which the capital solvency ratio is calculated;

•

being subject to increased capital requirements due to changes in regulation;

•

facing reputational issues arising from the actions of other Lloyd's syndicates or actions against the Lloyd's franchise as a whole;

•

facing increased costs should the requirements for operations at Lloyd’s change in the future; 

•

being subject to potential changes in business strategy due to requirements of the Lloyd's Franchise Board (which is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Lloyd's market);

•

reduced underwriting capacity due to a reduction in the funds held in trust at Lloyd's (as a result of changes in the market value of investments or otherwise) to support underwriting activities;

•

being required to cease or reduce underwriting if Lloyd's fails to satisfy the FCA's and the PRA's annual solvency test in any given year;

•

having a reduced ability to trade in certain classes of business at current levels as a consequence of a downgrading of the Lloyd's market;

•

being subject to additional or special levies imposed by the Council; and 

•

as a Lloyd's syndicate transacting certain types of business in the United States, being required by U.S. regulators to increase the level of funding required as minimum deposits for the protection of U.S. policyholders and, as a consequence, being required to make cash calls to meet claims payments and deposit funding obligations.

Shareholder Matters 

Provisions in our Bye-laws may reduce the voting rights of our common shares.

Our Bye-laws generally provide that shareholders have one vote for each common share held by them and are entitled to vote, on a non-cumulative basis, at all meetings of shareholders. However, the voting power that may be exercised by certain persons or groups may not equal or exceed 10% of the voting power conferred by our shares.

In particular, our Bye-laws provide that if, and for so long as, the votes conferred by the Controlled Shares (as defined below) of any person constitute 10% or more of the votes conferred by all our issued shares, the voting rights with respect to the Controlled Shares of such person shall be limited, in the aggregate, to a voting power equal to approximately (but slightly less than) 10%, pursuant to a formula set forth in our Bye-laws. "Controlled Shares" of a person (as defined in our Bye-laws) include (1) all of our shares owned directly, indirectly or constructively by that person (within the meaning of Section 958 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "IRS Code")) and (2) all of our shares owned directly, indirectly or constructively by that person or any "group" of which that person is a part, within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act.

41

Provisions in our Bye-laws may restrict the ownership and transfer of our common shares.

Our Bye-laws provide that the Board shall decline to register a transfer of shares if it appears to the Board, whether before or after such transfer, that the effect of such transfer would be to increase the number of Controlled Shares of any person to 10% or more of any class of our voting shares, of our total issued shares, or of the total voting power of our total issued shares.

Applicable law and certain provisions in our charter documents could, among other things, impose restrictions with respect to a change of control, which could diminish the value of our common shares.

Our Bye-laws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change of control that a shareholder may consider favorable. Since our Redomestication, these provisions include (i) limitations on voting rights, (ii) certain transfer restrictions on our common shares, (iii) requirements that (a) any amalgamation or merger proposal or (b) amendment to the Bye-laws, must be approved by 75% of the shares voted unless such proposal is unanimously approved by the Board, and (iv) requirements relating to the ability of shareholders to nominate persons to serve as directors, submit resolutions to a shareholder vote or requisition an extraordinary general meeting. These provisions may make it more difficult to acquire control of us by means of a tender offer, open market purchase, proxy contest or otherwise and could discourage a prospective acquiror from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. In addition, insurance regulations in certain jurisdictions may also delay or prevent a change of control or limit the ability of a shareholder to acquire in excess of specified amounts of our common shares. 

It may be difficult to enforce judgments against XL Group, XLIT or their directors and executive officers.

XL Group is a Bermuda exempted company. It may be difficult for a shareholder to effect service of process within the U.S. or to enforce judgments obtained against XL Group in U.S. courts. XL Group has been advised by Bermuda counsel that a judgment for the payment of money rendered by a court in the U.S. based on civil liability would not be automatically enforceable in Bermuda. XL Group has also been advised by Bermuda counsel that with respect to a final and conclusive judgment obtained in a court of competent jurisdiction in the U.S. under which a sum of money is payable (other than a sum of money payable in respect of multiple damages, taxes or other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalty), a Bermuda court would be expected to enforce a judgment based thereon, provided that (a) such courts had proper jurisdiction over the parties subject to such judgment, (b) such courts did not contravene the rules of natural justice of Bermuda, (c) such judgment was not obtained by fraud, (d) the enforcement of the judgment would not be contrary to the public policy of Bermuda, (e) no new admissible evidence relevant to the action is submitted prior to the rendering of the judgment by the courts of Bermuda and (f) there is due compliance with the correct procedures under the laws of Bermuda. A Bermuda court may impose civil liability on XL Group or its directors or officers in a suit brought in the Supreme Court of Bermuda against XL Group or such persons with respect to a violation of U.S. federal securities laws, provided that the facts surrounding such violation would constitute or give rise to a cause of action under Bermuda law.

In addition, XLIT is incorporated pursuant to the laws of the Cayman Islands. We have been advised that there is doubt as to whether the courts of the Cayman Islands would enforce judgments of U.S. courts based upon the civil liability provisions of U.S. federal securities laws obtained in actions against XLIT or its directors and officers who reside outside the United States or original actions predicated solely upon U.S. federal securities laws brought in the Cayman Islands against these persons or XLIT.

There is no treaty in effect between the United States and the Cayman Islands providing for such enforcement and there are grounds upon which Cayman Islands courts may not enforce judgments of U.S. courts. Some remedies available under the laws of U.S. jurisdictions, including some remedies available under U.S. federal securities laws, may not be allowed in Cayman Islands courts as contrary to public policy.

Tax 

We and our non-U.S. (re)insurance subsidiaries may become subject to U.S. tax, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and your investment.

We take the position that neither we nor any of our non-U.S. (re)insurance subsidiaries are engaged in a U.S. trade or business through a U.S. permanent establishment. Accordingly, we take the position that neither we nor our non-U.S. insurance subsidiaries should be subject to U.S. tax (other than U.S. excise tax on insurance and reinsurance premium income attributable to insuring or reinsuring U.S. risks and U.S. withholding tax on some types of U.S. source investment income). However, because there is considerable uncertainty as to the activities that constitute being engaged in a trade or business within the United States, we cannot be certain that the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") will not contend successfully that we or any of our non-U.S. insurance subsidiaries are engaged in a trade or business in the United States. If we or any of our non-U.S. insurance subsidiaries were considered to be engaged in a trade or business in the United States, any such entity could be 

42

subject to U.S. corporate income and additional branch profits taxes on the portion of its earnings effectively connected to such U.S. business, in which case our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

The U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act could materially and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations
.

Given the recent enactment of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act on December 22, 2017 and the preliminary nature of our assessments, the anticipated issuance of clarifying technical corrections, regulations, supplemental legislation and/or changes to the current legislation, as well as changes in our assumptions relating thereto, it is possible that the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act could materially and negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations.  

The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development issued a series of recommendations designed to combat base erosion and profit sharing by multinational corporations. These recommendations are currently being evaluated by governments around the world and, to the extent the recommendations are widely enacted, could increase the amount of taxes we pay.

In July 2013, The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development ("the OECD") launched an Action Plan on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting ("BEPS"). The BEPS Action Plan identifies 15 specific actions to address tax planning strategies that exploit gaps and mismatches in tax rules to artificially shift profits to low or no-tax locations where there is little or no economic activity, resulting in little or no overall corporate tax being paid. The OECD presented the final package of BEPS measures for the 15 actions outlined in the plan on October 5, 2015 with some further guidance being issued in 2016 specific to banks and insurers. Various jurisdictions have begun implementing BEPS and additional guidance on financial transactions, including reinsurance, is expected to be issued during 2018. Governments are now determining whether changes in domestic law are required in order to become compliant with OECD recommendations and, in many cases, Tax Authorities are already applying certain recommendations in their audits. This is likely to result in an increase in controversy and could have a material impact on the way that we and other multinational organizations are taxed in the future; potentially increasing tax liabilities, increasing the potential for double taxation and increasing corporate tax compliance burdens.

 If an investor acquires 10% or more of our common shares, it may be subject to taxation under the U.S. "controlled foreign corporation" ("CFC") rules.

Under certain circumstances, a U.S. person who owns, directly or indirectly, 10% or more of the value or voting power of a foreign insurance company that is a CFC (one in which 10% U.S. shareholders own directly, indirectly or constructively more than 25% of the value or voting power of the stock) at any time during a taxable year must include in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes such "10% U.S. Shareholder’s" pro rata share of the CFC’s "subpart F income," even if the subpart F income is not distributed to such 10% U.S. Shareholder. "Subpart F income" of a foreign insurance corporation typically includes foreign personal holding company income (such as interest, dividends and other types of passive income), and insurance and reinsurance income (including underwriting and investment income) attributable to the insurance of risks situated outside the CFC’s country of incorporation.

While provisions in our organizational documents serve to limit voting power on our common shares, as a result of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, such provisions will likely not prevent a shareholder from being a 10% U.S. Shareholder and it is possible that the IRS could challenge the effectiveness of these provisions and that a court could sustain such a challenge, in which case an investor’s investment could be materially adversely affected, if the investor is considered to own 10% or more of the value or voting power of our shares. 

U.S. Persons who hold shares will be subject to adverse tax consequences if we are considered to be a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

If we are considered a Passive Foreign Investment Company ("PFIC") for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. person who owns any of our shares will be subject to adverse tax consequences, including a greater tax liability than might otherwise apply and tax on amounts in advance of when tax would otherwise be imposed, in which case an investor’s investment could be materially adversely affected. In addition, if we were considered a PFIC, upon the death of any U.S. individual owning shares, such individual’s heirs or estate would not be entitled to a "step-up" in the basis of the shares that might otherwise be available under U.S. federal income tax laws. A PFIC is generally defined as any foreign corporation if 75 percent or more of its gross income for the taxable year consists of passive income, or 50 percent or more of its assets consists of assets that produce, or are held for the production of, passive income. Under the PFIC regime, passive income generally includes dividends, interest, royalties, rents, and certain gains on the sale or exchange of property, commodities, or foreign currency. However, among other exceptions, passive income does not include any income derived in the active conduct of an insurance business (the "insurance company exception"). Under the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, in order to qualify for the insurance company exception, income must be derived in the active conduct of an insurance business by a corporation (1) that would be subject to tax under subchapter L if it were a domestic corporation; and (2) the applicable insurance liabilities of which constitute more than 25 

43

percent of its total assets as reported on the company’s applicable financial statement for the last year ending with or within the taxable year. We believe that we are not, have not been, and currently do not expect to become, a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, we may be deemed a PFIC by the IRS in the future. There are currently no final regulations regarding the application of the PFIC provisions to an insurance company. New regulations or pronouncements interpreting or clarifying these rules may be forthcoming. We cannot predict what impact, if any, such guidance would have on an investor that is subject to U.S. federal income taxation.

There are U.S. income tax risks associated with the related person insurance income of our non-U.S. insurance subsidiaries.

If (i) the related person insurance income, which we refer to as "RPII," of any one of our non-U.S. insurance subsidiaries were to equal or exceed 20% of that subsidiary’s gross insurance income in any taxable year and (ii) U.S. persons were treated as owning 25% or more of the subsidiary’s stock (by vote or value), a U.S. person who owns any common shares, directly or indirectly, on the last day of such taxable year on which the 25% threshold is met would be required to include in its income for U.S. federal income tax purposes that person’s ratable share of that subsidiary’s RPII for the taxable year, determined as if that RPII were distributed proportionately only to U.S. holders at that date, regardless of whether that income is distributed. The RPII rules, however, do not apply if direct and indirect insureds and persons related to such insureds are treated at all times during the taxable year as owning (directly or indirectly) less than 20% of the voting power and value of the subsidiary’s stock. The amount of RPII earned by a subsidiary (generally premium and related investment income from the direct or indirect insurance or reinsurance of any direct or indirect U.S. holder of shares of that subsidiary or any person related to that holder) would depend on a number of factors, including the identity of persons directly or indirectly insured or reinsured by that subsidiary. Although we do not believe that the 20% threshold will be met in respect of any of our non-U.S. insurance subsidiaries, some of the factors that may affect the result in any period may be beyond our control. Consequently, it is possible that we could exceed the RPII threshold in any taxable year.

The RPII rules provide that if a holder who is a U.S. person disposes of shares in a non-U.S. insurance corporation that had RPII (even if the 20% gross income threshold was not met) and met the 25% ownership threshold at any time during the five-year period ending on the date of disposition, and the holder owned any stock at such time, any gain from the disposition will generally be treated as a dividend to the extent of the holder’s share (taking into account certain rules for determining a U.S. holder’s share of RPII) of the corporation’s undistributed earnings and profits that were accumulated during the period that the holder owned the shares (possibly whether or not those earnings and profits are attributable to RPII). In addition, such a shareholder will be required to comply with specified reporting requirements, regardless of the amount of shares owned. We believe that these rules should not apply to dispositions of our common shares because XL Group is not itself directly engaged in the insurance business. We cannot provide absolute assurance, however, that the IRS will not successfully assert that these rules apply to dispositions of our common shares.

United States tax-exempt organizations who own our shares may recognize unrelated business taxable income.

A United States tax-exempt organization may recognize unrelated business taxable income if a portion of our subpart F insurance income is allocated to it. In general, subpart F insurance income will be allocated to a tax-exempt organization owning (or treated as owning) our shares if we are a CFC as discussed above and it is a United States 10% Shareholder or we earn RPII and the exceptions described above do not apply. We cannot assure you that United States persons holding our shares (directly or indirectly) will not be allocated subpart F insurance income. United States tax-exempt organizations should consult their own tax advisors regarding the risk of recognizing unrelated business taxable income as a result of the ownership of our shares.

XL Group may become subject to taxes in Bermuda after March 31, 2035, which may have a material adverse effect on its financial condition.

Bermuda currently does not impose profits taxes, income taxes, capital gains taxes or any tax of the nature of estate or inheritance taxes. The Bermuda Minister of Finance, under the Exempted Undertakings Tax Protection Act 1966, as amended, of Bermuda, has provided XL Group an assurance that if any legislation is enacted in Bermuda that would "impose tax computed on profits or income or computed on any capital asset, gain or appreciation, or any tax in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax, then the imposition" of any such tax will not be applicable to XL Group or any of its respective operations, shares, debentures or other obligations until March 31, 2035. It is possible that after March 31, 2035 XL Group may become subject to Bermuda taxes of the nature described above if Bermuda changes its tax laws as described in the prior sentence.

The exemptions are subject to a proviso that they are not construed to prevent the application of any tax or duty to persons who are ordinarily residents in Bermuda (the Company and our Bermuda (re)insurance subsidiaries are not so currently designated) or of any tax payable in relation to the land leased to us and our Bermuda (re)insurance subsidiaries. Our Bermuda-based subsidiaries not incorporated in Bermuda have also received similar exemptions as permit companies under the Companies Act of 1981 of Bermuda, which have also been extended to 2035. Our Bermuda (re)insurance subsidiaries are 

44

required to pay certain annual Bermuda government fees and certain business fees as a (re)insurer under The Insurance Act 1978 of Bermuda. Currently there is no Bermuda withholding tax on dividends paid by our Bermuda (re)insurance subsidiaries to us. The tax rules as presently applied may change in the future, however.

XLIT may become subject to taxes in the Cayman Islands after June 2, 2018, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and your investment.

In the event the Cayman Islands introduces a corporate income tax based on place of incorporation, XLIT could become subject to tax in the Cayman Islands. Under current Cayman Islands law, we are not obligated to pay any taxes in the Cayman Islands on our income or gains. We have received an undertaking from the Governor-in-Council of the Cayman Islands pursuant to the provisions of the Tax Concessions Law, as amended, that until June 2, 2018, (i) no subsequently enacted law imposing any tax on profits, income, gains or appreciation shall apply to XLIT and (ii) no such tax and no tax in the nature of an estate duty or an inheritance tax shall be payable on any of XLIT's ordinary shares, debentures or other obligations (the "Cayman Undertaking"). We intend to apply for an updated Cayman Undertaking immediately upon expiration of the current Cayman Undertaking, and expect to receive such updated Cayman Undertaking. Given the limited duration of the Cayman Undertaking and our intention to apply for a continuing exemption from taxation, we cannot be certain that we will not be subject to any Cayman Islands tax after June 2, 2018. Such taxation could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and on your investment.

Our tax position could be adversely impacted by changes in tax laws, tax treaties or tax regulations or the interpretation or enforcement thereof.

Our tax position could be adversely impacted by changes in tax laws (including the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act), tax treaties or tax regulations or the interpretation or enforcement thereof by the tax authorities in the United States and other jurisdictions. Such changes could cause a material and adverse change in our worldwide effective tax rate and we may have to take further action, at potentially significant expense, to seek to mitigate the effect of such changes. Any future amendments to the current income tax treaties between the jurisdictions in which we operate, could subject us to increased taxation and/or potentially significant expense.