Any of the following risk factors could have a significant or material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or liquidity, in addition to the other information contained in this report. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our
 business, financial condition and results of operations.

The occurrence of disasters could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cashflows and prospects.

We have substantial exposure to losses resulting from natural and man-made disasters and other catastrophic events. Catastrophes can be caused by various events, including hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, hailstorms, explosions, severe weather, fires, war and acts of terrorism. Changing climate conditions may add to the
 unpredictability and frequency of natural disasters in certain parts of the world and create additional uncertainty as to future trends and exposures. The incidence and severity of catastrophes are inherently unpredictable, and it is difficult to predict the timing of such events with statistical certainty or estimate the amount of loss
 any given occurrence will generate.

The occurrence of claims from catastrophic events is likely to result in substantial volatility in our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the fiscal quarter or year in which a catastrophic event occurs, as well as subsequent fiscal periods, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial
 condition and results of operations and our ability to write new business. This risk is exacerbated due to accounting principles and rules that do not permit (re)insurers to reserve for such catastrophic events until they occur. We expect that future possible increases in the values and concentrations of insured property, the
 effects of inflation and changes in cyclical weather patterns may increase the severity of catastrophic events in the future. Although we attempt to manage our exposure to catastrophic events, a single catastrophic event could affect multiple geographic zones and lines of business and the frequency or severity of catastrophic
 events could exceed our estimates, in each case potentially having a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, while we may, depending on market conditions, purchase catastrophe reinsurance and retrocessional protection, the occurrence of one or more major
 catastrophes in any given period could result in losses that exceed such reinsurance and retrocessional protection. This could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and may result in substantial liquidation of investments, possibly at a loss, and outflows of cash as losses are paid.

The failure of any of the underwriting risk management strategies that we employ could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and/or liquidity.

We seek to limit our loss exposure by, among other things, writing a number of our reinsurance or retrocession contracts on an excess of loss basis, adhering to maximum limitations on reinsurance written in defined geographical zones, limiting program size for each client and prudently underwriting each program
 written. In addition, in the case of proportional treaties, we generally seek to use per occurrence limitations or loss ratio caps to limit the impact of losses from any one event. We cannot be sure that all of these loss limitation methods will have the precise risk management impact intended. For instance, although we also seek
 to limit our loss exposure by geographic diversification, geographic zone limitations involve significant underwriting judgments, including the determination of the area of the zones and the inclusion of a particular policy within a particular zone’s limits. Underwriting involves the exercise of considerable judgment and the
 making of important assumptions about matters that are inherently unpredictable and beyond our control, and for which historical experience and probability analysis may not provide sufficient guidance. The failure of any of the underwriting risk management strategies that we employ could have a material adverse effect on
 our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Also, we cannot provide assurance that various provisions of our policies, such as limitations or exclusions from coverage or choice of forum, will be enforceable in the manner that we intend and disputes relating to coverage and choice of legal forum may arise,
 which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

28

The insurance and reinsurance industries are historically cyclical and we may experience periods with excess underwriting capacity and unfavorable premium rates.

The insurance and reinsurance industries have historically been cyclical, characterized by periods of intense price competition due to excess underwriting capacity as well as periods when shortages of capacity permitted favorable premium levels. An increase in premium levels is often followed by an increasing supply of
 insurance and reinsurance capacity, either by capital provided by new entrants or by the commitment of additional capital by existing insurers or reinsurers, which may cause prices to decrease. Either of these factors could lead to a significant reduction in premium rates, less favorable policy terms and conditions and fewer
 submissions for our underwriting services. In addition to these considerations, changes in the frequency and severity of losses suffered by insureds and insurers may affect the cycles of the insurance and reinsurance industries significantly.

A downgrade or potential downgrade in our financial strength and credit ratings by one or more rating agencies could materially and negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows.

As our ability to underwrite business is dependent upon the quality of our claims paying and financial strength ratings as evaluated by independent rating agencies, a downgrade by any of these institutions could cause our competitive position in the insurance and reinsurance industry to suffer and make it more difficult
 for us to market our products.

A downgrade below “A-” of our principal insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries by either Standard & Poor’s (“S&P”) or A.M. Best Company (“A.M. Best”), which is two notches below the current S&P and A.M. Best financial strength ratings of “A” (Positive) and “A” (Stable), respectively, for our principal insurance and
 reinsurance subsidiaries, may trigger termination provisions in a significant amount of our assumed reinsurance agreements and may potentially require us to return unearned premium to cedants. Whether a client would exercise its termination rights after such a downgrade would likely depend on, among other things, the
 reasons for the downgrade, the extent of the downgrade, prevailing market conditions, the degree of unexpired coverage, and the pricing and availability of replacement reinsurance coverage. Based on premium value, approximately 70% of our in force reinsurance contracts at January 1, 2013 contained provisions allowing
 clients to terminate those contracts upon a decline in our ratings to below “A-.” In the event of such a downgrade, we cannot predict whether or how many of our clients would actually exercise such termination rights or the extent to which any such terminations would have a material adverse effect on our financial
 condition, results of operations, cash flows or future prospects or the market price for our securities. A downgrade could also result in both a substantial loss of business for us as ceding companies and brokers that place such business may move to other insurers and reinsurers with higher ratings and the loss of key
 employees. In addition, due to collateral posting requirements under our letter of credit and revolving credit facility agreements, such a downgrade may require the posting of cash collateral in support of certain “in use” portions of these facilities (see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
 of Operations – Liquidity and Capital Resources” under Part II, Item 7 of this report). Specifically, a downgrade below “A-” by A.M. Best would constitute an event of default under the Company’s three largest credit facilities and may trigger such collateral requirements. In certain limited instances, such downgrades may
 require us to return cash or assets to counterparties or to settle derivative and/or other transactions with the respective counterparties.

In addition to the financial strength ratings of our principal insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries, various rating agencies also publish credit ratings for XL-Cayman. Credit ratings are indicators of a debt issuer’s ability to meet the terms of debt obligations in a timely manner, are part of our overall funding profile and
 affect our ability to access certain types of liquidity. Downgrades in our credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and cash flows in a number of ways, including adversely limiting our access to capital markets, potentially increasing the cost of debt or requiring us to
 post collateral.

Downgrading of the United States’ credit rating could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services lowered its long-term sovereign credit rating on the United States from “AAA” to “AA+” in August 2011. In addition, Standard & Poor’s Rating Services and Moody’s 

29

Investor Services maintain a negative outlook on U.S. debt, and both Fitch Ratings and Moody’s Investors Services have warned that they may downgrade the U.S. government’s sovereign credit rating if future budget negotiations to raise the debt ceiling fail, or if steps are not taken to decrease the U.S.’s debt load. Because
 of the unprecedented nature of negative credit rating actions with respect to U.S. government obligations, the impact of a further downgrade to the U.S. government’s sovereign credit rating or any other further rating actions by any rating agency is inherently unpredictable. Such actions could have material adverse impacts on
 financial markets and economic conditions in the United States and throughout the world. In turn, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including with respect to assets in our investment portfolio, as well as assets in trusts or other collateral arrangements posted
 by or to us. In addition, further downgrades of the United States’ credit rating could create broader financial turmoil and uncertainty, and could negatively impact the average credit rating quality of our investment portfolio, which could require us to change our minimum average credit quality target.

The sovereign debt crisis in Europe and concerns regarding the instability of Euro-zone countries could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Global markets and economic conditions have been negatively impacted by the uncertainty relating to the level of sovereign debt of numerous E.U. member states, the ability of those countries to service their sovereign debt obligations and the stability of financial institutions operating within those E.U. member states.
 This uncertainty has and could in the future result in volatile bond yields on the sovereign debt of E.U. member states and on other European-related corporate debt held within our investment portfolio and could have material adverse impacts on financial markets and economic conditions in the E.U. and throughout the world.
 In addition, continuing downgrades of sovereign debt could bring down the average credit rating quality of our investment portfolio.

The interdependencies among European economies and financial institutions and between such European economies and financial institutions and those of the rest of the world have also exacerbated concern regarding the stability of European financial markets generally and certain institutions in particular. One or more
 Euro-zone countries could come under increasing pressure to leave the European Monetary Union or the European Union, or the Euro as the single currency of the Euro-zone could cease to exist if the European Monetary Union were dissolved. These or other actions could ultimately result in the European Union ceasing to
 exist. Any of these developments, or the perception that any of these developments are likely to occur, could lead to severe economic recession or depression. If one or more countries abandon the Euro or the European Monetary Union dissolves, it may result in uncertainty with respect to the terms, value or enforceability of
 these bonds, instruments or contracts, which could result in a material loss to us. Similarly, if a country leaving the Euro-zone imposes currency controls, such controls may have a material adverse impact on the value of and our ability to withdraw funds from that country.

Given the extent of our European operations, including that XL-Ireland is domiciled in Ireland, and our European investment holdings, clients and counterparties, persistent volatility in the European financial markets, or the failure of any significant European financial institution arising from the wider implications of the
 crisis, even if not an immediate counterparty to us, could have a material adverse impact on our business, investment portfolio, liquidity or financial performance. If the current Euro-zone sovereign debt crisis persists or worsens, it could lead to further political uncertainty, material changes to tax policies of Euro-zone
 countries, financial turmoil and social unrest, affecting the successful implementation of stability measures. Sovereigns, financial institutions and companies may become subject to liquidity shortages and be unable to obtain refinancing or new funding, leading to an increased risk of a default on their existing debt, and
 measures to reduce debt levels and fiscal deficits could result in a further slowdown of or negative economic growth.

For a discussion of the risks to our business during or following a financial market disruption and risks to our investment portfolio, see the risk factor entitled “We are exposed to significant capital markets risk related to changes in interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices and foreign exchange rates as well as other
 investment risks, which may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.” For a discussion of risks associated with the United States’ credit rating, see the risk factor entitled “Downgrading of the United States’ credit rating could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
 and results of operations.”

30

Our efforts to develop new products or expand in targeted markets may not be successful and may create enhanced risks.

A number of our recent and planned business initiatives involve developing new products or expanding existing products in targeted markets. This includes the following efforts, from time to time, to protect or profitably grow market share:

 •

 We may develop products that insure risks we have not previously insured or contain new coverage or coverage terms.

 •

 We may refine our underwriting processes.

 •

 We may seek to expand distribution channels.

 •

 We may focus on geographic markets within or outside of the United States where we have had relatively little or no market share or operating history.

We may not be successful in introducing new products or expanding in targeted markets and, even if we are successful, these efforts may create enhanced risks. Among other risks:

 •

 Demand for new products or in new markets may not meet our expectations.

 •

 To the extent we are able to market new products or expand into new markets, our risk exposures may change, and the data and models we use to manage such exposures may not be as sophisticated as those we use in existing markets or with existing products. This, in turn, could lead to losses in excess of our
 expectations.

 •

 Efforts to develop new products or markets have the potential to create or increase distribution channel conflict.

 •

 In connection with the conversion of existing policyholders to a new product, some policyholders’ pricing may increase, while the pricing for other policyholders may decrease, the net impact of which could negatively impact retention and margins.

 •

 To develop new products or markets, we may encounter unanticipated operational issues or we may need to make substantial capital and operating expenditures, which may also negatively impact results.

If our efforts to develop new products or expand in targeted markets are not successful, our results could be materially and adversely affected.

We are exposed to significant capital markets risk related to changes in interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices and foreign exchange rates as well as other investment risks, which may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.

Our operating results are affected by the performance of our investment portfolio. Our assets are invested by a number of investment management service providers under the direction of the Company’s management within the Investment Group in accordance, in general, with detailed investment guidelines set by us under
 the oversight of the RFC, and established in accordance with our SAA framework for our P&C and Life operations investment portfolios. Although our investment policies stress diversification of risks and conservation of principal and liquidity, our investments are subject to market-wide risks, as noted below, and fluctuations,
 as well as to risks inherent in particular securities. We are exposed to significant capital markets risks related to changes in interest rates, credit spreads and defaults, market liquidity, equity prices and foreign currency exchange rates. If significant continued market volatility, changes in interest rates, changes in credit spreads
 and defaults, a lack of pricing transparency, a reduction in market liquidity, declines in equity prices, and the strengthening or weakening of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar occur, individually or together, this could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition or cash
 flows through realized losses, impairments, and changes in unrealized positions. Levels of write-down or impairment are impacted by our assessment of the intent to sell securities that have declined in value as well as actual losses as a result of defaults or deterioration in estimates of cash flows. We periodically review our
 investment portfolio structure and strategy. If, as a result of such review, we determine to reposition or realign portions of the investment portfolio and sell securities in an unrealized loss position, we will incur an other than temporary impairment charge. Any such charge may have a material adverse effect on our results of
 operations and business.

31

For the year ended December 31, 2012, as a result of the prolonged and continued volatility and disruptions in the public debt and equity markets, we incurred realized and unrealized investment losses, as described in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” under Part
 II, Item 7 of this report. We continue to closely monitor current market conditions and evaluate the long term impact of this market volatility on all of our investment holdings. Depending on market conditions, we could incur additional realized and unrealized losses in future periods, which could have a material adverse
 effect on the Company’s results of operations, financial condition and business.

Our exposure to interest rate risk relates primarily to the market price and cash flow variability of fixed income instruments that are associated with changes in interest rates. Our investment portfolio contains interest rate sensitive instruments, such as fixed income securities, which have been and may continue to be
 adversely affected by changes in interest rates from central bank monetary policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions and other factors beyond our control. A rise in interest rates would increase the net unrealized loss position of our investment portfolio, offset by our ability to earn higher rates of
 return on funds reinvested over time. Conversely, a decline in interest rates would decrease the net unrealized loss position of our investment portfolio, offset by lower rates of return on funds reinvested. We maintain a P&C investment portfolio with diversified maturities that has a weighted average duration that is determined
 in accordance with its SAA Benchmark based on a dynamic financial analysis of investment assets and liabilities, and that is intended to maximize the Company’s enterprise value subject to accounting, regulatory, capital and risk tolerances. The SAA Benchmarks and portfolios supporting our Life operations are rebalanced
 regularly to reflect an explicit asset-liability management process. However, for both the P&C and Life operations investment portfolios our estimates of the time and size of our estimated loss payment profile may be inaccurate and despite stochastic investment portfolio modeling, we may be forced to liquidate investments prior
 to maturity at a loss in order to cover liabilities. In sum, we are economically exposed to interest rate risk on our capital and to the extent that our investment portfolio maturities are a poor hedge of actual liability loss payments.

Our exposure to credit spread risk relates primarily to the market price associated with changes in prevailing market credit spreads and the impact on our holdings of spread products such as corporate and structured and credit-sensitive government-related securities. Approximately 2.8% of our aggregate fixed income
 portfolio consists of below investment-grade high yield fixed income securities. These securities have a higher degree of credit or default risk and a greater exposure to credit spread risk. Certain sectors within the investment and below investment grade fixed income market, such as structured and corporate credit, may be less
 liquid in times of economic weakness or market disruptions. While we have put in place procedures to monitor the credit risk and liquidity of our invested assets in general and those impacted by recent credit market issues specifically, it is possible that, in periods of economic weakness or periods of turmoil in capital
 markets, we may experience default losses in both our investment grade and below investment grade corporate and structured holdings. This may result in a material reduction of net income, capital and cash flows.

We invest a portion of our investment portfolio in common stock or equity-related securities, including alternative funds, private equity funds and other funds. The value of these assets fluctuates, due to changes in the equity and credit markets along with other factors. In times of economic weakness, the market value and
 liquidity of these assets may decline, and may impact net income, capital and cash flows. In addition, certain of the products offered by our Life operations offer fixed guaranteed returns while debt and equity yields may continue to decline. In addition, the amount of earnings from alternative funds, private investment funds
 and other funds are not earned evenly across the year, or even from year to year. As a result, the amount of earnings that we record from these investments may vary substantially from quarter to quarter. The timing of distributions from such private investment funds depends on particular events relating to the underlying
 investments. The ability of an alternative fund to satisfy any redemption request from its investors depends on the underlying liquidity of the alternative fund’s investments. As a result, earnings, distributions and redemptions from these two asset classes may be more difficult to predict, and, if such funds are unable to satisfy
 our redemption requests, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely impacted. As alternative and private investment funds are collective investment vehicles managed by third parties, we do not control the proceeds once we make our investments, thus subjecting us to a higher level of fraud
 risk than is the case with our fixed income and equity holdings.

32

The functional currencies of our principal insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries include the U.S. dollar, U.K. sterling, the Euro, the Swiss franc and the Canadian dollar. Exchange rate fluctuations relative to the functional currencies may materially impact our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Many
 of our non-U.S. subsidiaries maintain both assets and liabilities in currencies different than their functional currency, which exposes us to changes in currency exchange rates.

In addition, locally-required capital levels are invested in local currencies in order to satisfy regulatory requirements and to support local insurance operations regardless of currency fluctuations. Foreign exchange rate risk is reviewed as part of our risk management process and we utilize derivative instruments such as
 futures, options and foreign currency forward contracts to, among other things, manage our foreign currency exposure. It is possible that these instruments will not effectively mitigate all or a substantial portion of our foreign exchange rate risk, which could adversely impact the Company’s results of operations.

Certain of our investments may be illiquid or are in asset classes that have in times of market stress experienced significant market valuation fluctuations.

We hold certain investments that may lack liquidity or for which the availability of prices or inputs may be reduced in periods of market dislocation, such as non-agency residential mortgage-backed and collateralized debt obligations securities. Even some of our high quality assets have been more illiquid during periods
 of challenging market conditions. Generally, securities classified as Level 3 pursuant to the fair value hierarchy set forth in authoritative accounting guidance over fair value measurements may be less liquid, may be more difficult to value, requiring significant judgment, and may be more likely to result in sales at materially
 different amounts than the fair values determined by management.

If we require significant amounts of cash on short notice in excess of normal cash requirements or are required to post or return collateral in connection with certain of our reinsurance contracts, credit agreements, derivative transactions or our invested portfolio, we may have difficulty selling these investments in a timely
 manner, be forced to sell them for less than we otherwise would have been able to realize, or both.

The reported values of our relatively illiquid types of investments and, in certain circumstances, our high quality, generally liquid asset classes, do not necessarily reflect the lowest current market bid price for the asset. If we were forced to sell certain of our assets in the market, there can be no assurance that we will be
 able to sell them for the prices at which we have recorded them and we may be forced to sell them at significantly lower prices, particularly at times of extreme market illiquidity. Any such sales could adversely impact the Company’s financial position.

If actual claims exceed our loss reserves, or if changes in the estimated levels of loss reserves are necessary, our financial results and cash flows could be adversely affected.

Our results of operations and financial condition depend upon our ability to assess accurately the potential losses associated with the risks that we insure and reinsure. We establish reserves for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expense (“LAE”) liabilities, which are estimates of future payments of reported and unreported
 claims for losses and related expenses with respect to insured events that have occurred. The process of establishing reserves for property and casualty claims can be complex and is subject to considerable variability, as it requires the use of informed estimates and judgments. Actuarial estimates of unpaid loss and LAE
 liabilities are subject to potential errors of estimation, which could be significant, due to the fact that the ultimate disposition of claims incurred prior to the date of such estimation, whether reported or not, is subject to the outcome of events that have not yet occurred. Examples of these events include the accuracy of the
 factual information on which the estimates were based, especially as estimates develop, jury decisions, court interpretations, legislative changes, changes in the medical condition of claimants, public attitudes, and economic conditions such as inflation.

Recent deficit spending by governments in the Company’s major markets exposes the Company to heightened risk of inflation. Inflation in relation to medical costs, construction costs and tort issues in particular impact the property and casualty industry. However, broader market inflation also poses a risk of increasing
 overall loss costs. The impact of inflation on loss costs could be more pronounced for those lines of business that are considered “long tail” such as general liability, as they require a relatively long period of time to finalize and settle claims for a given accident year. Changes in the level of inflation also result in an increased
 level of uncertainty in our estimation of loss reserves, particularly for long tail lines of business. The estimation of loss reserves may also be more difficult during times of adverse economic 

33

conditions due to unexpected changes in behavior of claimants and policyholders, including an increase in fraudulent reporting of exposures and/or losses, reduced maintenance of insured properties or increased frequency of small claims.

Similarly, the actual emergence of claims for life business may vary from the assumptions underlying the policy benefit reserves, in particular, the future assumed mortality improvements on the blocks of in-payment annuities.

We have an actuarial staff in each of our operating segments and a Chief Actuary who regularly evaluates the levels of loss reserves, taking into consideration factors that may impact the ultimate losses incurred. Any such evaluation could result in future changes in estimates of losses or reinsurance recoverable and
 would be reflected in our results of operations in the period in which the estimates are changed. Losses and LAE, to the extent that they exceed the applicable reserves, are charged to income as incurred. The reserve for unpaid losses and LAE represents the estimated ultimate losses and LAE less paid losses and LAE, and
 comprises case reserves and IBNR. During the loss settlement period, which can span many years in duration for casualty business, additional facts regarding individual claims and trends often will become known and case reserves may be adjusted by allocation from IBNR without any change in the overall reserve. In
 addition, application of statistical and actuarial methods may require the adjustment of the overall reserves upward or downward from time to time. Accordingly, the ultimate settlement of losses may be significantly greater than or less than reported loss and loss expense reserves.

The effects of emerging claim and coverage issues on our business are uncertain.

As industry practices and legal, judicial, social, political and other environmental conditions change, unexpected issues related to claims and coverage may emerge. These issues may adversely affect our business by either extending coverage beyond our underwriting intent or by increasing the number or size of claims,
 such as the effects that disruptions in the credit markets could have on the number and size of reported claims under directors and officers liability insurance (“D&O”) and professional liability insurance lines of business. In some instances, these changes may not become apparent until some time after we have issued the
 insurance or reinsurance contracts that are affected by the changes. Historically such claims and coverage issues have occurred at heightened levels during periods of very soft market conditions which often reflect an inflection point in the typical cycle of insurance industry market conditions. In addition, our actual losses may
 vary materially from our current estimate of the loss based on a number of factors, including receipt of additional information from insureds or brokers, the attribution of losses to coverages that had not previously been considered as exposed and inflation in repair costs due to additional demand for labor and materials. As a
 result, the full extent of liability under an insurance or reinsurance contract may not be known for many years after such contract is issued and a loss occurs.

There can be no assurance as to the effect that governmental and regulatory actions will have on the marketplace generally or on us in particular.

In response to the financial crises affecting the banking system and financial markets and going concern threats to financial institutions, there have been numerous regulatory and governmental actions in the United States, the U.K. and the Euro-zone, among other countries. The purpose of these legislative and regulatory
 actions is to stabilize the U.S. and international financial markets, improve the flow of credit, increase employment levels and foster an economic recovery.

Under the Dodd-Frank Act, the Financial Stability Oversight Council (“FSOC”) has issued rules establishing the process and criteria by which companies may be designated as nonbank systemically important financial institutions (“SIFIs”) subject to the examination, enforcement and supervisory authority of the FSOC.
 Similarly, the Financial Stability Board (“FSB”), consisting of representatives of national financial authorities of the G20 nations, has issued a series of frameworks and recommendations intended to produce significant changes in how financial companies, particularly global systemically important financial institutions (“G-
 SIFIs”), should be regulated. These frameworks and recommendations address issues such as financial group supervision, capital and solvency standards, systemic economic risk, corporate governance including compensation, and a host of related issues associated with responses to the financial crisis. In addition, the FSB has
 directed the International Association of Insurance Supervisors (“IAIS”) to create standards relative to these areas for global systemically important insurers (“G-SIIs”) and incorporate them within that body’s Insurance Core Principles. While we do not expect that we will be designated as a SIFI, 

34

G-SIFI or G-SII, certain of our competitors may be so designated, which may impact market behavior and/or access to capital.

With respect to our investment portfolio, we own a number of Tier 1 and Upper Tier 2 hybrid securities issued by financial institutions including those based in the U.S., Europe and the U.K. There is a risk that, if the capital positions of financial institutions deteriorate further government intervention, particularly
 nationalization of such institutions, could occur. There is also a risk of regulatory imposed deferral of coupons or decisions by bank management not to call the capital or defer the coupon payments. This may result in losses on the hybrid securities we hold. There is also the risk of further downgrades of these or other
 securities as rating agencies re-evaluate their rating methodologies, which would negatively impact the regulatory capital of the Life operations or the valuation of our investment portfolio assets generally.

In particular, the current sovereign debt crisis concerning European countries, including Greece, Italy, Ireland, Portugal and Spain, or GIIPS, and related European financial restructuring efforts, may cause the value of the European currencies, including the Euro, to further deteriorate, which in turn could adversely impact
 Euro-denominated assets held in our investment portfolio or our European book of business. In addition, the European crisis is contributing to instability in global credit markets, as well as the widening of bond yield spreads. Rating agency downgrades on European sovereign debt and continuing concern about the potential
 default of government issuers or a possible break-up of the European Union has further contributed to this uncertainty. Should governments default on their obligations, there will be a negative impact on both our direct holdings, as well as on non-government issues and financials held within the country of default. See Item 7,
 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations–Balance Sheet Analysis–European Sovereign Debt Crisis” for an analysis of our fixed maturity portfolio’s exposure to GIIPS.

There can be no assurance as to the effect that any such governmental actions or future regulatory initiatives may have on certain investment instruments in our investment portfolio, or on our competitive position, business or financial position. If global economic and market conditions remain uncertain and volatile, or
 deteriorate further, we may experience material adverse impacts on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

We may be unable to purchase reinsurance and, even if we are able to successfully purchase reinsurance, we are subject to the possibility of being unable to collect reinsurance when due.

We purchase reinsurance for our own account in order to mitigate the volatility that losses impose on our financial condition. Our clients purchase reinsurance from us to cover part of the risk originally written by them. Retrocessional reinsurance involves a reinsurer ceding to another reinsurer, the retrocessionaire, all or
 part of the reinsurance that the first reinsurer has assumed. Reinsurance, including retrocessional reinsurance, does not legally discharge the ceding company from its liability with respect to its obligations to its insureds or reinsureds. A reinsurer’s or retrocessionaire’s insolvency, inability or refusal to make timely payments
 under the terms of its agreements with us, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on us because we remain liable to our insureds and reinsureds. For further information regarding our reinsurance exposure, see Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”

From time to time, market conditions may limit or prevent us from obtaining the types and amounts of reinsurance that we consider adequate for our business needs such that we may not be able to obtain reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance from entities with satisfactory creditworthiness in amounts that we deem
 desirable or on terms that we deem appropriate or acceptable.

The impairment of other financial institutions could adversely affect us.

We have exposure to counterparties in various industries, including banks, hedge funds and other investment vehicles, and in reinsurance and other transactions, including derivative transactions. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event our counterparty fails to perform its obligations. Even if we are
 entitled to collateral when a counterparty defaults, such collateral may be illiquid or proceeds from such collateral when liquidated may not be sufficient to recover the full amount of the obligation. We also have exposure to financial institutions in the form of secured and unsecured debt instruments and equity securities. See
 Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”

35

Since we depend on a few brokers for a large portion of our revenues, loss of business provided by any one of them could adversely affect us.

We market our insurance and reinsurance products worldwide primarily through insurance and reinsurance brokers. AON Corporation, Marsh & McLennan Companies and the Willis Group and their respective subsidiaries each provided significant portions of our gross written premiums for property and casualty operations.
 Loss of all or a substantial portion of the business provided by one or more of these brokers could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Our reliance on brokers subjects us to credit risk.

In certain jurisdictions, when an insured or ceding insurer pays premiums for policies of insurance or contracts of reinsurance to brokers for further payment to us, such premiums might be considered to have been paid and the insured or ceding insurer will no longer be liable to us for such amounts, whether or not we
 have actually received the premiums from the broker. In addition, in accordance with industry practice, we generally pay amounts owed on claims under our reinsurance contracts to brokers, and these brokers, in turn, pay these amounts over to the clients that have purchased reinsurance from us. Although the law is unsettled
 and depends upon the facts and circumstances of the particular case, in some jurisdictions, if a broker fails to make such a claims payment to the insured or ceding insurer, we might remain liable to the insured or ceding insurer for that non-payment. Consequently, we assume a degree of credit risk associated with the brokers
 with whom we transact business. Due to the unsettled and fact-specific nature of the law governing these types of scenarios and our lack of historical experience with such risks, we are unable to quantify our exposure to this risk.

We are subject to a number of risks associated with our business in emerging markets.

Our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries conduct business outside the United States, primarily in the U.K., Bermuda, and Europe. We have also continued to pursue opportunities in other countries, including in emerging markets such as Asia, Africa and Latin America. In conducting such business we are subject to a
 number of significant risks. These risks include restrictions such as price controls, capital controls, exchange controls, ownership limits and other restrictive governmental actions, which could have an adverse effect on our business and our reputation. In addition, some countries, particularly emerging economies, have laws and
 regulations that lack clarity and, even with local expertise and effective controls, it can be difficult to determine the exact requirements of the local laws. Failure to comply with local laws in a particular market could have a significant and negative effect not only on our business in that market but also on our reputation
 generally.

Our holding company structure and certain regulatory and other constraints affect our ability to pay dividends, make payments on our debt securities and make other payments.

Our ability to pay dividends or return capital from shareholders’ equity is limited by applicable laws and regulations of the various jurisdictions in which our principal operating subsidiaries operate, certain additional required regulatory approvals and financial covenants contained in our letters of credit and revolving credit
 facilities.

As holding companies, XL-Ireland and XL-Cayman have no operations of their own and their assets consist primarily of investments in subsidiaries. Accordingly, XL-Ireland and XL-Cayman rely on the availability of dividends and other permissible payments from subsidiaries to make principal and interest payments on
 debt, to pay operating expenses and ordinary and preferred shareholder dividends, to make capital investments in subsidiaries and to pay other obligations that may arise from time to time. The payment of dividends to us by our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries is regulated under the laws of the various countries and
 states, including Bermuda, the U.K., Ireland, Switzerland and in the other jurisdictions where we have regulated subsidiaries, by certain insurance statutes of various states in the United States in which our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are licensed to transact business and by the Society of Lloyd’s. For further
 information regarding regulatory restrictions governing the payment of dividends by the Company’s significant property and casualty subsidiaries in Ireland, Bermuda and the U.S., see Item 8, Note 23, “Statutory Financial Data,” to the Consolidated Financial Statements, and Item 1, “Business – Regulation.”

XL-Ireland is subject to certain legal constraints that affect its ability to pay dividends on or redeem or buyback our ordinary shares. While XL-Ireland’s articles of association authorize its board of directors to 

36

declare and pay dividends as justified from the profits, under Irish law, XL-Ireland may only pay dividends or buyback or redeem shares using distributable reserves. On July 23, 2010, the Irish High Court approved XL-Ireland’s conversion of share premium to $5.0 billion of distributable reserves, subject to the completion of
 certain formalities under Irish Company law. These formalities were completed in early August 2010. As of December 31, 2012, XL-Ireland had $3.6 billion in distributable reserves. In addition, no dividend or distribution may be made unless the net assets of XL-Ireland are not less than the aggregate of its share capital plus
 undistributable reserves and the distribution does not reduce XL-Ireland’s net assets below such aggregate.

In addition, XL-Cayman is subject to certain constraints that affect its ability to pay dividends on its preferred shares. Under Cayman Islands law, XL-Cayman may not declare or pay a dividend if there are reasonable grounds for believing that XL-Cayman is, or would after the payment be, unable to pay its liabilities as
 they become due in the ordinary course of business. Also, the terms of XL-Cayman’s preferred shares prohibit declaring or paying dividends on the ordinary shares unless full dividends have been declared and paid on the outstanding preferred shares.

The ability to declare and pay dividends may also be restricted by financial covenants in our letters of credit and revolving credit facilities. We were in compliance with all covenants by significant margins at December 31, 2012, and currently remain in compliance.

We may require additional capital in the future, which may not be available to us on satisfactory terms, on a timely basis or at all.

Our future capital requirements depend on many factors, including our ability to write new business successfully and to establish premium rates and reserves at levels sufficient to cover our losses. To the extent that the funds generated by our ongoing operations are insufficient to fund future operating requirements and
 cover claim payments, or that our capital position is adversely impacted by mark-to-market changes on the investment portfolio, catastrophe events or otherwise, we may need to raise additional funds through financings or curtail our growth and reduce our assets. As a result of the current severe economic conditions that
 persist in the capital markets, any future financing may not be available on terms that are favorable to us, if at all. Our letter of credit facilities are needed to a significant extent for U.S. cedants, and are effective for such cedants only if the banks issuing letters of credit are on the list of National Association of Insurance
 Commissioners (“NAIC”) approved banks. If some or all of the issuing banks under our credit facilities cease to be NAIC approved, whether arising from macroeconomic or bank specific events, and we are unable to replace non-approved banks with NAIC approved banks, our letter of credit facility capacity could be
 significantly diminished. In addition, in the case of a macroeconomic event, such as dissolution of the European Monetary Union, the availability of alternative lending sources may be significantly reduced or non-existent, and the cost of replacement facilities may be significantly increased or prohibitive. Any future equity
 financings could be dilutive to our existing shareholders or could result in the issuance of securities that have rights, preferences and privileges that are senior to those of our other securities. Our inability to obtain adequate capital could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
 operations.

Competition in the insurance and reinsurance industries could reduce our operating margins.

The insurance and reinsurance industries are highly competitive. We compete on an international and regional basis with major U.S., Bermudian, European and other international insurers and reinsurers and with underwriting syndicates, some of which have greater financial and management resources and higher ratings
 than we have. We also compete with new companies that continue to be formed to enter the insurance and reinsurance markets and with alternative products that are intended to compete with reinsurance products, such as insurance/risk-linked securities, catastrophe bonds and derivatives. In recent years capital market
 participants have been increasingly active in the reinsurance market and markets for related risks. Increased competition could result in fewer submissions, lower premium rates and less favorable policy terms and conditions, which could reduce our margins.

Operational risks, including human or systems failures, are inherent in our business.

Losses can result from operational risk such as, among other things, fraud, errors, failure to document transactions properly or to obtain proper internal authorization, failure to comply with regulatory requirements, information technology failures, failure to appropriately transition new hires or external events. Areas of
 operational risk can be heightened in discontinued or exited businesses as a result of 

37

reduced overall resource allocation and the loss of relevant knowledge and expertise by departing management.

We operate globally, and have two office locations in India that currently provide large portions of our back office support. Our global operations present significant operational risk due to the possibility of disruptions in communication or information processes, whether due to technical difficulties, power failures or
 destruction or damage to our offices for any reason. If any disruption occurs, our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not be effective, particularly if natural or man-made catastrophic events occur, and such disruption could harm our results of operations or our reputation in the marketplace.

We believe that our modeling, underwriting and information technology and application systems are critical to our business, as our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. Moreover, our information technology and
 application systems have been important to our underwriting process and our ability to compete successfully. Our business depends on effective information systems and the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to run our business. Our ability to adequately price products and services, to establish reserves, to provide
 effective and efficient service to our clients, and to timely and accurately report our financial results also depends significantly on the integrity of the data in our information systems and processes supporting them. Failure of any of these systems or inaccuracies in the data stored therein may jeopardize our ability to service
 and interact with clients, which could result in significant losses or reputational damage. In addition, we have licensed certain systems and data from third parties. We cannot be certain that we will have access to these, or comparable, service providers, or that our information technology or application systems will continue to
 operate as intended. We also have outsourced the day-to-day management, custody and record-keeping of our investment portfolio to third-party managers and custodians that we believe to be reputable. A major defect in those investment managers’ investment management strategy, or decision-making could result in
 management distraction and/or significant financial loss. We also rely on a few brokers for a large portion of our revenues. A major defect in our brokers’, investment managers’ or custodians’ internal controls or information and technology systems could result in management distraction or significant financial loss.

Any ineffectiveness in our internal controls, information technology, application systems, investment management or custody and record keeping could have a material adverse effect on our business.

System security risks, data protection breaches and cyber-attacks could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Our internal control and information technology and application systems may be vulnerable to threats from computer viruses, natural disasters, unauthorized access, cyber attack and other similar disruptions. Experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our network’s system security measures
 and misappropriate or compromise confidential information, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. In addition to our own confidential information, as a (re)insurer, we receive and are required to protect confidential information from clients and other third parties. To the extent any disruption or security breach results
 in a loss or damage to our data, or inappropriate disclosure of our confidential information or that of others, it could cause significant damage to our reputation, affect our relationships with our customers and clients, lead to claims against us, result in regulatory action and ultimately have a material adverse effect on our
 business. In addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to mitigate the damage caused by any security breach, or to protect against future damage.

Unanticipated losses from terrorism and uncertainty surrounding the future of the TRIPRA could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The U.S. Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 (“TRIA”), as amended, established the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program (“TRIP”), which became effective on November 26, 2002 and was a three-year federal program effective through 2005. On December 22, 2005, President George W. Bush signed a bill extending
 TRIA (“TRIAE”) for two more years, continuing TRIP through 2007. On December 26, 2007, President George W. Bush signed the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2007 (“TRIPRA”) which further extended TRIP for seven years until December 31, 2014 and also eliminated the distinction between
 foreign and domestic acts of terrorism.

In response to the tightening of supply in certain insurance and reinsurance markets resulting from, among other things, the September 11 event, the TRIP was created upon the enactment of the TRIA of 

38

2002 to ensure the availability of commercial insurance coverage for certain terrorist acts in the U.S. This law established a federal program, that has now been extended to December 31, 2014, to help the commercial property and casualty insurance industry cover claims related to future terrorism-related losses and required
 that coverage for terrorist acts be offered by insurers.

TRIA voided in force terrorism exclusions as of November 26, 2002 for certified terrorism on all TRIA specified property and casualty business. TRIA required covered insurers to make coverage available for certified acts of terrorism on all new and renewal policies issued after TRIA was enacted. TRIA along with
 further extensions to TRIP, as noted above, allows us to assess a premium charge for terrorism coverage and, if the policyholder declines the coverage or fails to pay the buy-back premium, certified acts of terrorism may then be excluded from the policy, subject, however, to state specific requirements. Terrorism coverage
 cannot be excluded from workers’ compensation policies. Subject to a premium-based deductible and provided that we have otherwise complied with all the requirements as specified under TRIPRA, we are eligible for reimbursement by the Federal Government for up to 85% of our covered terrorism-related losses arising from
 a certified terrorist attack. Such payment by the government will, in effect, provide reinsurance protection on a quota share basis. The maximum liability during a program year, including both the Federal Government’s and insurers’ shares, is capped on an aggregated basis at $100 billion. While regulations have been
 promulgated by the Department of the Treasury (“Treasury”) requiring that Treasury advise participating insurers, such as the Company, in advance of reaching the $100 billion aggregate limit that such aggregate limit could be reached during the program year, there is a risk that the Company will not be given adequate notice
 of the potential exhaustion of that aggregate limit. Accordingly, the Company could overpay with regard to such losses, and it is unlikely Treasury would reimburse the Company for such losses; moreover, it is unclear whether the Company, in the event of an overpayment, would be able to recover the amount of any such
 overpayment.

We believe that TRIP and the related legislation have been an effective mechanism to assist policyholders and industry participants with the extreme contingent losses that might be caused by acts of terrorism. Nevertheless, we cannot provide assurance that TRIPRA will be extended beyond 2014, and its expiration or a
 significant change in terms could have an adverse effect on us, our clients or the insurance industry.

The regulatory regimes under which we operate, and potential changes thereto, could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries operate in more than 20 countries around the world as well as in all 50 U.S. states. Our operations in each of these jurisdictions are subject to varying degrees of regulation and supervision. The laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which our insurance and reinsurance
 subsidiaries are domiciled require, among other things, these subsidiaries to maintain minimum levels of statutory capital, surplus and liquidity, meet solvency standards, submit to periodic examinations of their financial condition and restrict payments of dividends, distributions and reductions of capital in certain circumstances.
 Statutes, regulations and policies that our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are subject to may also restrict the ability of these subsidiaries to write insurance and reinsurance policies, make certain investments and distribute funds.

In recent years, the U.S. insurance regulatory framework has come under increased federal scrutiny. In July 2010, the Dodd-Frank Act was signed into law. The Dodd-Frank Act requires many federal agencies to adopt new rules and regulations that will apply to the financial services industry and also calls for many
 studies regarding various industry practices. In particular, the Dodd-Frank Act created a Federal Insurance Office within the Treasury that is focused on national coordination of the insurance sector, systemic risk mitigation and international regulatory cooperation. Although the Federal Insurance Office currently does not
 directly regulate the insurance industry, under the Dodd-Frank Act it has the power to preempt state insurance regulations that are inconsistent with international agreements regarding insurance regulation, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act provides that the Federal Insurance Office must submit a
 report to Congress on improving U.S. insurance regulation, which must cover the feasibility of future federal regulation of the U.S. insurance industry. This study or one of the various other studies required by the legislation could result in additional rulemaking or legislative action, which could negatively impact our business
 and financial results. While we have not yet been required to make material changes to our business or operations as a result of the Dodd-Frank Act, due to the complexity and broad scope of the Dodd-Frank Act and the time required for regulatory implementation, it is not certain what the scope of 

39

future rulemaking or interpretive guidance from the SEC, CFTC or other regulatory agencies may be, and what impact this will have on our compliance costs, business, operations and profitability.

In addition, some state legislatures have considered or enacted laws that may alter or increase state regulation of insurance and reinsurance companies and holding companies. Moreover, the NAIC, which is the organization of insurance regulators from the 50 U.S. states, the District of Columbia and the four U.S.
 territories, as well as state insurance regulators, regularly reexamine existing laws and regulations.

In addition to these proposals and initiatives in the United States, new capital adequacy and risk management regulations, called Solvency II, were expected to be implemented throughout the European Union by January 1, 2014. However, due to a delay in the vote on the Omnibus II directive by the European Parliament
 from October 22, 2012, then to November 20, 2012 to the current schedule of March 2013, it is widely accepted that this implementation date will not be met. The Central Bank of Ireland has informed us that it will be our group supervisor under Solvency II. See “Business – Regulation”. Regulations and legislation relating
 to capital adequacy and risk management are also in the process of being developed or implemented in other jurisdictions. There remains significant uncertainty as to the impact that these various regulations and legislation will have on us; however, such impact could include constraints on our ability to move capital between
 subsidiaries or require that additional capital be provided to subsidiaries in certain jurisdictions, which may impact our profitability.

Our Bermuda-based operating subsidiaries are subject to the BMA’s risk-based capital standards for (re)insurance companies, which impose required levels of statutory capital and surplus on our Bermuda-based operating standards. While our Bermuda-based operating subsidiaries currently have excess capital and surplus
 under these requirements, there can be no assurance that such requirements or similar regulations, in their current form or as may be amended in the future, will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

We may not be able to comply fully with, or obtain desired exemptions from, revised statutes, regulations and policies that govern the conduct of our business. Failure to comply with, or to obtain desired authorizations and/or exemptions under, any applicable laws could result in restrictions on our ability to do business
 or undertake activities that are regulated in one or more of the jurisdictions in which we operate and could subject us to fines and other sanctions. In addition, changes in the laws or regulations to which we are, or may become subject, or in the interpretations thereof by enforcement or regulatory agencies, could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Potential government intervention in our industry as a result of recent events and instability in the marketplace for insurance products could hinder our flexibility and negatively affect the business opportunities that may be available to us in the market.

Government intervention and the possibility of future government intervention have created uncertainty in the insurance and reinsurance markets. Government regulators are generally concerned with the protection of policyholders to the exclusion of other constituencies, including shareholders of insurers and reinsurers.
 While we cannot predict the exact nature, timing or scope of possible governmental initiatives, such proposals could adversely affect our business by, among other things:

 •

 providing insurance and reinsurance capacity in markets and to consumers that we target, e.g., the creation or expansion of state or federal catastrophe funds such as those in Florida;

 •

 requiring our participation in industry pools and guarantee associations;

 •

 expanding the scope of coverage or altering the enforceability of deductibles under existing policies;

 •

 regulating the terms of insurance and reinsurance policies;

 •

 ordering the suspension of or otherwise altering the application of insurance laws or regulations; or

 •

 disproportionately benefiting the companies of one country over those of another.

The insurance industry is also affected by political, judicial and legal developments that may create new and expanded theories of liability, which may result in unexpected claims frequency and severity and delays or cancelations of products and services by insureds, insurers and reinsurers which could adversely affect our
 business.

For further information regarding government regulation and/or intervention in response to the financial and credit crises, see risk factor entitled “There can be no assurance as to the effect that governmental actions will have on the marketplace generally or on us in particular” above.

40

Consolidation in the insurance industry could adversely impact us.

Insurance industry participants may seek to consolidate through mergers and acquisitions. Continued consolidation within the insurance industry will further enhance the already competitive underwriting environment as we would likely experience more robust competition from larger, better capitalized competitors. These
 consolidated entities may use their enhanced market power and broader capital base to negotiate price reductions for our products and services, and reduce their use of reinsurance, and, as such, we may experience rate declines and possibly write less business.

The loss of one or more key executives or the inability to attract, motivate and retain qualified personnel could adversely affect our ability to conduct business.

Our success depends on our ability to attract new, highly skilled individuals and to motivate and retain our existing key executives and qualified personnel. The loss of the services of any of our key executives or the inability to attract, motivate and retain other highly skilled individuals in the future could adversely affect
 our ability to conduct our business. In addition, we do not maintain key man life insurance policies with respect to our employees.

A decrease in the fair values of our reporting units may result in future goodwill impairments.

When we acquire an entity, the excess of the purchase price over the net identifiable assets acquired is allocated to goodwill. We conduct impairment tests on our reported goodwill at least annually or more frequently if impairment indicators exist. In performing a goodwill impairment test, we use various methods and
 make various assumptions to determine the fair value of our reporting units, including the determination of expected future cash flows and/or profitability of such reporting units, and we take into account market value multiples and/or cash flows of entities that we deem to be comparable in nature, scope or size to our
 reporting units. However, expected future cash flows and/or profitability may be materially and negatively impacted as a result of, among other things, a decrease in renewal activity and new business opportunities, a decrease in retention or our underwriting teams, lower-than-expected yields and/or cash flows from our
 investment portfolio or higher-than-expected claims activity and magnitude of incurred losses and general economic factors that impact the reporting unit. In addition, previously determined market value multiples and/or cash flows may no longer be relevant as a result of these potential factors. As a result of these potential
 changes, the estimated fair value of one or more of our reporting units may decrease, causing the carrying value of the net assets assigned to the reporting unit to exceed the fair value of such net assets. If we determine an impairment exists, we adjust the carrying value of goodwill to its implied fair value. The impairment
 charge is recorded in our income statement in the period in which the impairment is determined. If we are required in the future to record additional goodwill impairments, our financial condition and results of operations would be negatively affected. In connection with fair value measurements and the accounting for
 goodwill, the use of generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions. Significant judgment is required in making these estimates and assumptions, and actual results may ultimately be materially different from such estimates and assumptions.

Provisions in our Articles of Association may reduce the voting rights of our ordinary shares.

Our Articles of Association generally provide that shareholders have one vote for each ordinary share held by them and are entitled to vote, on a non-cumulative basis, at all meetings of shareholders. However, the voting power that may be exercised by certain persons or groups may not equal or exceed 10% or more of
 the voting power conferred by our shares.

In particular, our Articles of Association provide that if, and for so long as, the votes conferred by the Controlled Shares (as defined below) of any person constitute 10% or more of the votes conferred by all our issued shares, the voting rights with respect to the Controlled Shares of such person shall be limited, in the
 aggregate, to a voting power equal to approximately (but slightly less than) 10%, pursuant to a formula set forth in the our Articles of Association. “Controlled Shares” of a person (as defined in our Articles of Association) include (1) all of our shares owned directly, indirectly or constructively by that person (within the
 meaning of Section 958 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “IRS Code”), and (2) all of our shares owned directly, indirectly or constructively by that person or any “group” of which that person is a part, within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act.

41

Provisions in our Articles of Association may restrict the ownership and transfer of our ordinary shares.

Our Articles of Association provide that our Board of Directors shall decline to register a transfer of shares if it appears to our Board of Directors, whether before or after such transfer, that the effect of such transfer would be to increase the number of Controlled Shares of any person to 10% or more of any class of our
 voting shares, of our total issued shares, or of the total voting power of our total issued shares.

Certain provisions in our charter documents could, among other things, impede an attempt to replace our directors or impose restrictions with respect to a change of control, which could diminish the value of our ordinary shares.

Our Articles of Association contain provisions that may make it more difficult for shareholders to replace directors and could delay or prevent a change of control that a shareholder may consider favorable. These provisions include a staggered board of directors, limitations on the ability of shareholders to remove
 directors, limitations on voting rights and certain transfer restrictions on our ordinary shares.

As an Irish company, we are subject to the Irish Takeover Rules, under which our Board of Directors is not permitted to take any action that might “frustrate” an offer for our shares once the Board of Directors has received an offer or has reason to believe an offer is or may be imminent without the approval of more
 than 50% of shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of shareholders and/or the consent of the Irish Takeover Panel. This could limit the ability of the Board of Directors to take defensive actions even if the Board of Directors believes that such defensive actions would be in the best interests of the Company and its
 shareholders.

The Irish Takeover Rules also could discourage an investor from acquiring 30% or more of our outstanding ordinary shares unless such investor was prepared to make a bid to acquire all outstanding ordinary shares. Further, it could be more difficult for us to obtain shareholder approval for a merger or negotiated
 transaction because of heightened shareholder approval requirements for certain types of transactions under Irish law.

In addition, insurance regulations in certain jurisdictions may also delay or prevent a change of control or limit the ability of a shareholder to acquire in excess of specified amounts of our ordinary shares.

Irish shareholder voting requirements may limit flexibility with respect to certain aspects of capital management.

Irish law allows shareholders to authorize a board of directors to issue shares subsequent to receipt of authorization without further shareholder approval, but this authorization must be renewed after five years. Additionally, subject to specified exceptions, Irish law grants statutory pre-emption rights to existing ordinary
 shareholders to subscribe for new issuances of shares for cash, but allows such shareholders to authorize the waiver of such statutory pre-emption rights for five years. Our Articles of Association currently provide authority to the Board of Directors to issue shares without further shareholder approval and to waive ordinary
 shareholders’ statutory pre-emption rights. However, these authorizations expire in 2015, unless renewed by XL-Ireland’s shareholders, and we can provide no assurance that these authorizations and waivers will always be renewed, which could limit our ability to issue equity in the future.

It may be difficult to enforce judgments against XL-Ireland, XL-Cayman or their directors and executive officers.

XL-Ireland is incorporated pursuant to the laws of Ireland. In addition, certain of our directors and officers reside outside the United States and a substantial portion of our assets and the assets of such directors and officers are located outside the United States. As such, it may be difficult or impossible to effect service of
 process within the United States upon those persons or to recover on judgments of U.S. courts against us or our directors and officers, including judgments predicated upon civil liability provisions of U.S. federal securities laws. We have been advised that there is no treaty between Ireland and the United States providing for
 the reciprocal enforcement of foreign judgments. The following requirements must be met before the foreign judgment will be deemed to be enforceable in Ireland:

 •

 the judgment must be for a definite sum;

 •

 the judgment must be final and conclusive; and

 •

 the judgment must be provided by a court of competent jurisdiction.

42

An Irish court will also exercise its right to refuse judgment if the foreign judgment was obtained by fraud, if the judgment violated Irish public policy, if the judgment is in breach of natural justice or if it is irreconcilable with an earlier foreign judgment.

In addition, XL-Cayman is incorporated pursuant to the laws of the Cayman Islands and is an Irish tax resident. Requirements for enforceability of foreign judgments in Ireland are summarized above. We have been advised that there is doubt as to whether the courts of the Cayman Islands would enforce:

 •

 judgments of U.S. courts based upon the civil liability provisions of U.S. federal securities laws obtained in actions against XL-Cayman or its directors and officers who reside outside the United States; or

 •

 original actions brought in the Cayman Islands against these persons or XL-Cayman predicated solely upon U.S. federal securities laws.

We have also been advised that there is no treaty in effect between the United States and the Cayman Islands providing for such enforcement and there are grounds upon which Cayman Islands courts may not enforce judgments of U.S. courts. Some remedies available under the laws of U.S. jurisdictions, including some
 remedies available under U.S. federal securities laws, may not be allowed in Cayman Islands courts as contrary to public policy.

Current, pending or future lawsuits against us, including putative class action lawsuits, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in a particular fiscal quarter or year.

We are subject to lawsuits and arbitrations in the regular course of our business. An adverse resolution of one or more lawsuits or arbitrations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in a particular fiscal quarter or year.

Changes in current accounting practices and future pronouncements may materially impact our reported financial results.

Unanticipated developments in accounting practices may require us to incur considerable additional expenses to comply with such developments, particularly if we are required to prepare information relating to prior periods for comparative purposes or to apply the new requirements retroactively. The impact of changes in
 current accounting practices and future pronouncements cannot be predicted but may affect the calculation of net income, net equity and other relevant financial statement line items and the timing of when impairments and other charges are tested or taken. In particular, recent guidance and ongoing projects put in place by
 standard setters globally have indicated a possible move away from the current insurance accounting models toward more “fair value” based models which could introduce significant volatility in the earnings of insurance industry participants.

There is a possibility that the Master Agreement entered into at the time of the sale of Syncora and the related commutations and releases could be challenged or that we could be subject to litigation as a result of the Master Agreement. Any such challenge could have a material adverse effect on our financial
 condition, results of operations, liquidity or the market price of our securities.

We provided certain reinsurance protections (the “Reinsurance Agreements”) with respect to adverse development on certain transactions as well as indemnification under specific facultative and excess of loss coverages for subsidiaries of Syncora: Syncora Guarantee Re and Syncora Guarantee. At June 30, 2008, our total
 net exposure under facultative agreements with Syncora subsidiaries was approximately $6.4 billion of net par value outstanding. Pursuant to the closing of the Master Agreement, all of these Reinsurance Agreements were commuted.

In addition, through one or more of our subsidiaries, we entered into certain agreements with subsidiaries of Syncora pursuant to which we guaranteed certain obligations of Syncora Guarantee Re and Syncora Guarantee under specific agreements (the “Guarantee Agreements”). At June 30, 2008, the total net par value
 outstanding of business written by subsidiaries of Syncora which fell under the Guarantee Agreements was approximately $60 billion. Pursuant to the terms of, and required conditions under, the Master Agreement, Syncora Guarantee Re’s facultative quota share reinsurance agreement with Syncora Guarantee, and all individual
 risk cessions thereunder, and the Financial Security Master Facultative 

43

Agreement, and all individual risk cessions thereunder, were commuted, thereby rendering the Syncora Guarantee Re guarantee and Financial Security guarantee of no further force and effect.

Following the closing of the Master Agreement, Syncora and its applicable subsidiaries were required to use commercially reasonable efforts to commute the underlying financial guarantees that we had issued to the European Investment Bank (“EIB”) in connection with financial guaranty policies between certain
 subsidiaries of Syncora Holdings and EIB. This was completed in June 2010.

Under federal bankruptcy laws and comparable provisions of state fraudulent transfer laws (including those applicable in any state insurance insolvency proceeding), Syncora’s commutation and release of our obligations pursuant to the Master Agreement and related agreements would constitute a voidable fraudulent
 transfer if it was determined that Syncora or any applicable subsidiary thereto, at the time it entered into the Master Agreement or such related agreement:

 •

 intended to hinder, delay or defraud its creditors; or

 •

 received less than “reasonably equivalent value” or “fair value consideration” for such release; and either:

 •

 was insolvent or rendered insolvent by reason of such occurrence; or

 •

 was engaged in a business or transaction for which its remaining assets constituted unreasonably small capital; or

 •

 intended to incur, or believed that it would incur, debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature.

Among other regulatory approvals obtained in connection with the Master Agreement and the commutation of the Syncora Guarantee Re/Syncora Guarantee Quota Share, the New York Department of Financial Services (“NYDFS”) issued an approval letter to Syncora Guarantee under Section 1505 of the New York
 Insurance Law and the Delaware Insurance Department (“DID”) issued an approval letter to Syncora Guarantee Re under Section 5005(a) of the Delaware Insurance Code (effective upon Syncora Guarantee Re’s redomestication to Delaware) (both of which require that the terms of a transaction between an issuer and one or
 more of its affiliates be fair and equitable) stating, in the case of NYDFS, that the terms of the Master Agreement and each of the commutations are fair and equitable to Syncora Guarantee and do not adversely affect policyholders of Syncora Guarantee and, in the case of the DID, stating that the terms of the Master
 Agreement and the commutation of the Syncora Guarantee Re/Syncora Guarantee Quota Share were fair and equitable to Syncora Guarantee. The BMA (the domiciliary regulator of Syncora Guarantee Re) also issued an approval letter approving the Master Agreement and each commutation to which Syncora Guarantee Re is
 a party, including the Syncora Guarantee Re/Syncora Guarantee Quota Share.

There can be no assurance that a court would agree with our, the NYDFS’s, the DID’s, the BMA’s or Syncora’s conclusions, or as to what law or standard a court would ultimately apply in making any such determination or as to how such court would ultimately rule. Further, there can be no assurance that the
 enforceability of the Master Agreement, the agreements relating thereto and the transactions contemplated thereunder will not be challenged, including under applicable fraudulent transfer laws and/or by asserting any number of other theories for recovery, including third-party beneficiary rights, or that other litigation will not
 be commenced against us as a result of the Master Agreement and such related agreements and transactions. Additionally, in the event of any liquidation or rehabilitation or similar proceeding of any insurance subsidiary of Syncora, there can be no assurance that any insurance regulator or regulators responsible for such
 proceedings, in their capacity as liquidator or rehabilitator, would respect the insurance regulatory approvals obtained in connection with the Master Agreement.

We and our non-U.S. insurance subsidiaries may become subject to U.S. tax, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and your investment.

We take the position that neither we nor any of our non-U.S. insurance subsidiaries are engaged in a U.S. trade or business through a U.S. permanent establishment. Accordingly, we take the position that none of our non-U.S. insurance subsidiaries should be subject to U.S. tax (other than U.S. excise tax on insurance and
 reinsurance premium income attributable to insuring or reinsuring U.S. risks and U.S. withholding tax on some types of U.S. source investment income). However, because there is considerable uncertainty as to the activities that constitute being engaged in a trade or business within the United States, we cannot be certain that
 the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) will not contend successfully that 

44

we or any of our non-U.S. insurance subsidiaries are engaged in a trade or business in the United States. If we or any of our non-U.S. insurance subsidiaries were considered to be engaged in a trade or business in the United States, any such entity could be subject to U.S. corporate income and additional branch profits taxes
 on the portion of its earnings effectively connected to such U.S. business, in which case our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Changes in U.S. tax law might adversely affect an investment in our shares.

Legislation may be introduced in the U.S. Congress attempting to eliminate certain perceived tax advantages of companies (including insurance companies) that have legal domiciles outside the U.S. but have certain U.S. affiliates. For example, one legislative proposal could impose additional limits on the deductibility of
 interest by foreign-owned U.S. corporations. Another legislative proposal could modify the standards that indicate when a non-U.S. corporation might be treated as a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes if it were considered to be primarily managed and controlled in the U.S. In addition, legislation has been
 proposed in the U.S. that would severely restrict the ability of a company to utilize affiliate reinsurance to manage its U.S. risks and its capital position. Various proposals have been made that would effectively disallow (in some cases permanently and in others temporarily) part or all of the deduction for premiums ceded to
 affiliates If any of these proposals, or a similar proposal using the same underlying principles, is enacted, the resulting impact to the Company could have an adverse impact on us or our shareholders. It is possible that other legislative proposals could emerge in the future that could also have an adverse impact on us or our
 shareholders.

Additionally, the U.S. federal income tax laws and interpretations, including those regarding whether a company is engaged in a trade or business (or has a permanent establishment) within the United States or is a Passive Foreign Investment Company (“PFIC”), or whether U.S. holders would be required to include in
 their gross income “subpart F income” or the related person insurance income, which we refer to as “RPII” of a Controlled Foreign Corporation (“CFC”), are subject to change, possibly on a retroactive basis. There are currently no regulations regarding the application of the PFIC rules to insurance companies and the
 regulations regarding RPII are still in proposed form. New regulations or pronouncements interpreting or clarifying such rules may be forthcoming. We cannot be certain if, when or in what form such regulations or pronouncements may be provided and whether such guidance will have a retroactive effect.

We cannot assure you that future legislative action will not increase the amount of U.S. tax payable by us. If an increase occurs, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

There is U.S. income tax risk associated with reinsurance between U.S. insurance companies and their Bermuda affiliates.

As discussed above, Congress has periodically considered legislation intended to eliminate certain perceived tax advantages of non-U.S. insurance companies and U.S. insurance companies with non-U.S. affiliates, including perceived tax benefits resulting principally from reinsurance between or among U.S. insurance
 companies and their non-U.S. affiliates. In this regard, section 845 of the IRS Code was amended in 2004 to permit the IRS to reallocate, recharacterize or adjust items of income, deduction or certain other items related to a reinsurance agreement between related parties to reflect the proper “amount, source or character” for
 each item (in contrast to prior law, which only covered “source and character”). If the IRS were to successfully challenge our reinsurance arrangements under section 845, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected and the price of our ordinary shares could be adversely affected.

The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development has implemented measures and may implement further measures that might change the manner in which we are taxed.

The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (the “OECD”) published its current tax agenda in May 2012. In this report, the OECD refers to a number of ongoing initiatives. Any measures implemented as a result of these initiatives could have an impact on how we and other multinational organizations
 are taxed. We are not able to predict the impact on our tax position from the implementation of any such measures.

The OECD’s “Report on the Attribution of Profits to Permanent Establishments” (the “Report”), issued in 2008, summarized the OECD’s initiative to establish a broad consensus regarding the interpretation and 

45

practical application of Article 7 of the OECD Model Tax Convention on Income and Capital (“Article 7”). Article 7 sets forth international tax principles for attributing profits to a permanent establishment and forms the basis of an extensive network of bilateral income tax treaties between OECD member countries and
 between many OECD member and non-member countries. Part IV of the Report addresses the attribution of profits to a permanent establishment of an enterprise that conducts insurance activities. In 2010, a new version of Article 7 and related commentary was adopted to be used in the negotiation of new treaties and
 amendments to existing treaties. Although provisions of this new version of Article 7 and related commentary have not and are not expected to change materially the manner in which we are taxed, there can be no assurance that future OECD recommendations related to the Report may not have an adverse impact on us.

If an investor acquires 10% or more of our ordinary shares, it may be subject to taxation under the “controlled foreign corporation” rules.

Under certain circumstances, a U.S. person who owns 10% or more of the voting power of a foreign corporation that is a CFC (a foreign corporation in which 10% U.S. shareholders own more than 50% of the voting power of the foreign corporation or more than 25% of a foreign insurance company) for an
 uninterrupted period of 30 days or more during a taxable year must include in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes such “10% U.S. Shareholder’s” pro rata share of the CFC’s “subpart F income,” even if the subpart F income is not distributed to such 10% U.S. Shareholder, if such 10% U.S. Shareholder owns
 (directly or indirectly through foreign entities) any shares of the foreign corporation on the last day of the corporation’s taxable year. “Subpart F income” of a foreign insurance corporation typically includes foreign personal holding company income (such as interest, dividends and other types of passive income), as well as
 insurance and reinsurance income (including underwriting and investment income) attributable to the insurance of risks situated outside the CFC’s country of incorporation.

While provisions in our organizational documents serve to limit voting power on our ordinary shares, it is possible, that the IRS could challenge the effectiveness of these provisions and that a court could sustain such a challenge, in which case an investor’s investment could be materially adversely affected, if the investor
 is considered to own 10% or more of our shares.

U.S. Persons who hold shares will be subject to adverse tax consequences if we are considered to be a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

If we are considered a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. person who owns any of our shares will be subject to adverse tax consequences, including a greater tax liability than might otherwise apply and tax on amounts in advance of when tax would otherwise be imposed, in which case an investor’s
 investment could be materially adversely affected. In addition, if we were considered a PFIC, upon the death of any U.S. individual owning shares, such individual’s heirs or estate would not be entitled to a “step-up” in the basis of the shares that might otherwise be available under U.S. federal income tax laws. We believe
 that we are not, have not been, and currently do not expect to become, a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We cannot provide assurance, however, that we will not be deemed a PFIC by the IRS in the future. If we were considered a PFIC, it could have material adverse tax consequences for an investor that is
 subject to U.S. federal income taxation. There are currently no regulations regarding the application of the PFIC provisions to an insurance company. New regulations or pronouncements interpreting or clarifying these rules may be forthcoming. We cannot predict what impact, if any, such guidance would have on an investor
 that is subject to U.S. federal income taxation.

There are U.S. income tax risks associated with the related person insurance income of our non-U.S. insurance subsidiaries.

If (i) the related person insurance income, which we refer to as “RPII,” of any one of our non-U.S. insurance subsidiaries were to equal or exceed 20% of that subsidiary’s gross insurance income in any taxable year and (ii) U.S. persons were treated as owning 25% or more of the subsidiary’s stock (by vote or value), a
 U.S. person who owns any ordinary shares, directly or indirectly, on the last day of such taxable year on which the 25% threshold is met would be required to include in its income for U.S. federal income tax purposes that person’s ratable share of that subsidiary’s RPII for the taxable year, determined as if that RPII were
 distributed proportionately only to U.S. holders at that date, regardless of whether that income is distributed. The amount of RPII earned by a subsidiary (generally premium and related investment income from the direct or indirect insurance or reinsurance of any direct or indirect U.S. holder 

46

of shares of that subsidiary or any person related to that holder) would depend on a number of factors, including the identity of persons directly or indirectly insured or reinsured by that subsidiary. Although we do not believe that the 20% threshold will be met in respect of any of our non-U.S. insurance subsidiaries, some of
 the factors that may affect the result in any period may be beyond our control. Consequently, we cannot provide absolute assurance that we will not exceed the RPII threshold in any taxable year.

The RPII rules provide that if a holder who is a U.S. person disposes of shares in a non-U.S. insurance corporation that had RPII (even if the 20% gross income threshold was not met) and met the 25% ownership threshold at any time during the five-year period ending on the date of disposition, and the holder owned
 any stock at such time, any gain from the disposition will generally be treated as a dividend to the extent of the holder’s share (taking into account certain rules for determining a U.S. holder’s share of RPII) of the corporation’s undistributed earnings and profits that were accumulated during the period that the holder owned
 the shares (possibly whether or not those earnings and profits are attributable to RPII). In addition, such a shareholder will be required to comply with specified reporting requirements, regardless of the amount of shares owned. We believe that these rules should not apply to dispositions of our ordinary shares because XL-
 Ireland is not itself directly engaged in the insurance business. We cannot provide absolute assurance, however, that the IRS will not successfully assert that these rules apply to dispositions of our ordinary shares.

We and our Bermuda insurance subsidiaries may become subject to taxes in Bermuda in the future, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and your investment.

Our Bermuda insurance subsidiaries have received from the Ministry of Finance in Bermuda exemptions from any Bermuda taxes that might be imposed on profits, income or any capital asset, gain or appreciation until March 31, 2035. The exemptions are subject to the proviso that they are not construed so as to prevent
 the application of any tax or duty to persons who are ordinarily residents in Bermuda (the Company and our Bermuda insurance subsidiaries are not so currently designated) and to prevent the application of any tax payable in accordance with the provisions of The Land Tax Act 1967 or otherwise payable in relation to the
 land leased to us and our Bermuda insurance subsidiaries. XL-Ireland and other Bermuda-based subsidiaries not incorporated in Bermuda have also received similar exemptions as permit companies under the Companies Act of 1981 of Bermuda. These exemptions are expected to be extended to 2035. Our Bermuda insurance
 subsidiaries are required to pay certain annual Bermuda government fees and certain business fees as an insurer under The Insurance Act 1978 of Bermuda. Currently there is no Bermuda withholding tax on dividends paid by our Bermuda insurance subsidiaries to us. There can be no assurance that the tax rules as presently
 applied may not change in the future.

XL-Cayman may become subject to taxes in the Cayman Islands after June 2, 2018, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and your investment.

For tax purposes, XL-Cayman is resident in Ireland by virtue of central management and control. In the event Cayman introduces a corporate income tax based on place of incorporation, XL-Cayman would be a dual resident company and potentially subject to tax in both Ireland and Cayman. As there is no double tax
 treaty between the Cayman Islands and Ireland, XL-Cayman could become subject to taxation in both Ireland and Cayman. Under current Cayman Islands law, we are not obligated to pay any taxes in the Cayman Islands on our income or gains. We have received an undertaking from the Governor-in-Council of the Cayman
 Islands pursuant to the provisions of the Tax Concessions Law, as amended, that until June 2, 2018, (i) no subsequently enacted law imposing any tax on profits, income, gains or appreciation shall apply to us and (ii) no such tax and no tax in the nature of an estate duty or an inheritance tax shall be payable on any of our
 ordinary shares, debentures or other obligations. Given the limited duration of the undertaking from the Governor-in-Council of the Cayman Islands, we cannot be certain that we will not be subject to any Cayman Islands tax after June 2, 2018. Such taxation could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
 results of operations and your investment.

Our tax position could be adversely impacted by changes in tax laws, tax treaties or tax regulations or the interpretation or enforcement thereof.

Our tax position could be adversely impacted by changes in tax laws, tax treaties or tax regulations or the interpretation or enforcement thereof by the tax authorities in Ireland, the United States and other jurisdictions, and such changes may be more likely or become more likely in view of recent economic 

47

trends in such jurisdictions, particularly if such trends continue. For example, Ireland has suffered from the consequences of worldwide adverse economic conditions and the credit ratings on its debt have been downgraded. Such tax law changes could cause a material and adverse change in our worldwide effective tax rate and
 we may have to take further action, at potentially significant expense, to seek to mitigate the effect of such changes. Any future amendments to the current income tax treaties between Ireland and other jurisdictions, including the United States, could subject us to increased taxation and/or potentially significant expense.

Dividends you receive may be subject to Irish dividend withholding tax and Irish income tax.

Dividend withholding tax (currently at a rate of 20%) may arise in respect of dividends paid on the Company’s ordinary shares. However, a number of exemptions from dividend withholding tax exist such that ordinary shareholders resident in the United States and ordinary shareholders resident in other specified countries
 (listed in Annex F attached to the Redomestication Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on March 10, 2010) may be entitled to exemptions from dividend withholding tax if they complete and file certain dividend withholding tax forms. Ordinary shareholders resident in the U.S. that hold their ordinary shares through the
 Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) will not be subject to dividend withholding tax provided the addresses of the beneficial owners of such ordinary shares in the records of the brokers holding such ordinary shares are in the United States (so that such brokers can further transmit the relevant information to a qualifying
 intermediary appointed by the Company). Similarly, ordinary shareholders resident in the U.S. that hold their ordinary shares directly instead of beneficially through DTC are not subject to dividend withholding tax if such ordinary shareholders held ordinary shares in the Company on January 12, 2010 and they provided a
 valid Form W-9 showing a U.S. address to the Company’s transfer agent. However, other ordinary shareholders may be subject to dividend withholding tax, which could adversely affect the price of our ordinary shares.

In addition, ordinary shareholders entitled to an exemption from Irish dividend withholding tax on dividends received from the Company should not be subject to Irish income tax in respect of those dividends, unless they have some connection with Ireland other than their ordinary shareholdings in the Company. Ordinary
 shareholders who receive dividends subject to Irish dividend withholding tax will generally have no further liability to Irish income tax on those dividends unless they have some connection with Ireland other than their ordinary shareholding in the Company.

A future transfer of your ordinary shares, other than one effected by means of the transfer of book entry interests in DTC, may be subject to Irish stamp duty.

Transfers of our ordinary shares effected by means of the transfer of book entry interests in DTC will not be subject to Irish stamp duty. The majority of our ordinary shares will be traded through DTC, either directly or through brokers who hold such ordinary shares on behalf of customers through DTC. However, if
 you hold your ordinary shares directly rather than beneficially through DTC (or through a broker that holds your ordinary shares through DTC), any transfer of your ordinary shares could be subject to Irish stamp duty (currently at the rate of 1% of the higher of the price paid or the market value of the ordinary shares
 acquired). Payment of Irish stamp duty is generally a legal obligation of the transferee. The potential for stamp duty could adversely affect the price of our ordinary shares.