The following risk factors and other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be carefully considered. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones the Company faces. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company or that the Company’s management currently deems immaterial also may impair its business operations. If any of the risks described below were to occur, our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.

The semiconductor industry is characterized by rapid technological change, intense competition and cyclical market patterns which contribute to create factors that may affect our future operating results including:

Market Demand

increased dependence on turns orders (orders received and shipped within the same fiscal quarter);

limited visibility of demand for products, especially new products;

reduced capital spending by our customers;

weaker demand for our products or those of our customers due to a prolonged period of economic 
uncertainty;

excess inventory at Xilinx and within the supply chain including overbuilding of OEM products;

additional excess and obsolete inventories and corresponding write-downs due to a significant deterioration 
in demand;

inability to manufacture sufficient quantities of a given product in a timely manner;

inability to obtain manufacturing or test and assembly capacity in sufficient volume;

inability to predict the success of our customers’ products in their markets;

an unexpected increase in demand resulting in longer lead times that causes delays in customer production 
schedules;

dependence on the health of the end markets and customers we serve; 

Competitive Environment

price and product competition, which can change rapidly due to technological innovation;

customers converting to ASIC or ASSP designs from Xilinx PLDs;

faster than normal erosion of average selling prices;

timely introduction of new products and ability to manufacture in sufficient quantities at introduction; 

Technology

lower gross margins due to product or customer mix shifts and reduced manufacturing efficiency;

failure to retain or attract specialized technical/management personnel;

timely introduction of advanced manufacturing technologies;

ability to safeguard the Company’s products from competitors by means of patents and other intellectual 
property protections;

impact of new technologies which result in rapid escalation of demand for certain products with 
corresponding declines in demand for others;

ability to successfully manage multiple vendor relationships; 

Other

changes in accounting pronouncements;

dependence on distributors to generate sales and process customer orders;

disruption in sales generation, order processing and logistics if a distributor materially defaults on a 
contract;

impact of changes to current export/import laws and regulations; 

11

volatility of the securities market, particularly as it relates to the technology sector;

unexpected product quality issues;

global events impacting the world economy or specific regions of the world;

increase in the cost of natural resources;

parts shortages at our suppliers;

failure of information systems impacting financial reporting;

catastrophes that impact the ability of our supply chain to operate or deliver product; and

higher costs associated with multiple foundry relationships. 

We attempt to identify changes in market conditions as soon as possible; however, the dynamics of the market make prediction of and timely reaction to such events difficult. Due to these and other factors, our past results, including those described in this report, are much less reliable predictors of the future than with companies in many older, more stable and mature industries. Based on the factors noted herein, we may experience substantial fluctuations in future operating results.

Our results of operations are impacted by global economic and political conditions, dependence on new products, dependence on independent manufacturers and subcontractors, competition, intellectual property, potential effect of new accounting pronouncements, financial reporting and internal controls environment and litigation, each of which is discussed in greater detail below.

Potential Effect of Global Economic and Political Conditions

Sales and operations outside of the U.S. subject us to the risks associated with conducting business in foreign economic and regulatory environments. Our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by unfavorable economic conditions in countries in which we do significant business and by changes in foreign currency exchange rates affecting those countries. For example, we have sales and operations in the Asia Pacific region, Japan and Europe. Past economic weakness in these markets adversely affected revenues, and such conditions may occur in the future. Sales to all direct OEMs and distributors are denominated in U.S. dollars. While the recent movement of the Euro and Yen against the U.S. dollar had no material impact to our business, increased volatility could impact our European and Japanese customers. Currency instability may increase credit risks for some of our customers and may impair our customers’ ability to repay
existing obligations. Increased currency volatility could also positively or negatively impact our foreign currency denominated costs, assets and liabilities. Any or all of these factors could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations in the future.

Our financial condition and results of operations are increasingly dependent on the global economy. Any instability in worldwide economic environments occasioned, for example, by political instability or terrorist activity could impact economic activity and could lead to a contraction of capital spending by our customers. Additional risks to us include U.S. military actions, changes in U.S. government spending on military and defense activities impacting defense-associated sales, economic sanctions imposed by the U.S. government, government regulation of exports, imposition of tariffs and other potential trade barriers, reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries, rising oil prices and generally longer receivable collection periods. Moreover, our financial condition and results of operations could be affected in the event of political conflicts or economic crises in countries where our main wafer providers, end customers and contract
manufacturers who provide assembly and test services worldwide, are located.

Dependence on New Products 

Our success depends in large part on our ability to develop and introduce new products that address customer requirements and compete effectively on the basis of price, density, functionality, power consumption and performance. The success of new product introductions is dependent upon several factors, including:

timely completion of new product designs;

ability to generate new design opportunities (design wins);

availability of specialized field application engineering resources supporting demand creation and 
customer adoption of new products;

ability to utilize advanced manufacturing process technologies on circuit geometries of 65nm and 
smaller;

achieving acceptable yields;

ability to obtain adequate production capacity from our wafer foundries and assembly subcontractors;

ability to obtain advanced packaging; 

12

availability of supporting software design tools;

utilization of predefined IP cores of logic;

customer acceptance of advanced features in our new products; and

successful deployment of electronic systems by our customers. 

Our product development efforts may not be successful, our new products may not achieve industry acceptance and we may not achieve the necessary volume of production that would lead to further per unit cost reductions. Revenues relating to our mature products are expected to decline in the future, which is normal for our product life cycles. As a result, we may be increasingly dependent on revenues derived from design wins for our newer products as well as anticipated cost reductions in the manufacture of our current products. We rely primarily on obtaining yield improvements and corresponding cost reductions in the manufacture of existing products and on introducing new products that incorporate advanced features and other price/performance factors that enable us to increase revenues while maintaining consistent margins. To the extent that such cost reductions and new product introductions do not occur in a timely manner, or to the extent that our products do
not achieve market acceptance at prices with higher margins, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Dependence on Independent Manufacturers and Subcontractors 

During fiscal 2007, nearly all of our wafers were manufactured either in Taiwan, by UMC or in Japan, by Toshiba or Seiko. Terms with respect to the volume and timing of wafer production and the pricing of wafers produced by the semiconductor foundries are determined by periodic negotiations between Xilinx and these wafer foundries, which usually result in short-term agreements. We are dependent on these foundries, especially UMC, which supplies the substantial majority of our wafers. We rely on UMC to produce wafers with competitive performance and cost attributes. These attributes include an ability to transition to advanced manufacturing process technologies and increased wafer sizes, produce wafers at acceptable yields, and deliver them in a timely manner. We cannot guarantee that the foundries that supply our wafers will not experience manufacturing problems, including delays in the realization of advanced manufacturing process technologies. In addition,
greater demand for wafers produced by the foundries without an offsetting increase in foundry capacity, raises the likelihood of potential wafer price increases and wafer shortages.

UMC’s foundries in Taiwan and Toshiba’s and Seiko’s foundries in Japan as well as many of our operations in California are centered in areas that have been seismically active in the recent past. Should there be a major earthquake in our suppliers’ or our operating locations in the future, our operations, including our manufacturing activities, may be disrupted. This type of disruption could result in our inability to ship products in a timely manner, thereby materially adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, disruption of operations at these foundries for any reason, including other natural disasters such as fires or floods, as well as disruptions in access to adequate supplies of electricity, natural gas or water could cause delays in shipments of our products, and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

We are also dependent on subcontractors to provide semiconductor assembly, test and shipment services. Any prolonged inability to obtain wafers with competitive performance and cost attributes, adequate yields or timely delivery, unavailability of or disruption in assembly, test or shipment services, or any other circumstance that would require us to seek alternative sources of supply, could delay shipments and have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet customer demand reducing net sales and negatively impacting our financial condition and results of operations. 

Competition

Our PLDs compete in the logic IC industry, an industry that is intensely competitive and characterized by rapid technological change, increasing levels of integration, product obsolescence and continuous price erosion. We expect increased competition from our primary PLD competitors, Altera Corporation (Altera), Lattice Semiconductor Corporation and Actel Corporation, from the ASIC market, which has been ongoing since the inception of FPGAs, from the ASSP market, and from new companies that may enter the traditional programmable logic market segment. We believe that important competitive factors in the logic industry include:

product pricing;

time-to-market;

product performance, reliability, quality, power consumption and density;

field upgradability;

adaptability of products to specific applications; 

13

ease of use and functionality of software design tools;

functionality of predefined IP cores of logic;

inventory management;

access to leading-edge process technology and assembly capacity; and

ability to provide timely customer service and support. 

Our strategy for expansion in the logic market includes continued introduction of new product architectures that address high-volume, low-cost and low-power applications as well as high-performance, high-density applications. In addition, we anticipate continued price reductions proportionate with our ability to lower the cost for established products. However, we may not be successful in achieving these strategies.

Other competitors include manufacturers of: 

high-density programmable logic products characterized by FPGA-type architectures;

high-volume and low-cost FPGAs as programmable replacements for ASICs and ASSPs;

ASICs and ASSPs with incremental amounts of embedded programmable logic;

high-speed, low-density CPLDs;

high-performance DSP devices;

products with embedded processors;

products with embedded multi-gigabit transceivers; and

other new or emerging programmable logic products. 

Several companies have introduced products that compete with ours or have announced their intention to enter the PLD segment. To the extent that our efforts to compete are not successful, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

The benefits of programmable logic have attracted a number of competitors to the market segment. We recognize that different applications require different programmable technologies, and we are developing architectures, processes and products to meet these varying customer needs. Recognizing the increasing importance of standard software solutions, we have developed common software design tools that support the full range of our IC products. We believe that automation and ease of design are significant competitive factors in the PLD market segment.

We could also face competition from our licensees. We have granted limited rights to other companies with respect to certain of our older technology which may enable them to manufacture and market products which may be competitive with some of our older products. For example, in July 2001, in connection with a settlement of patent litigation with Altera, we entered into a royalty-free patent cross license agreement which terminated in July 2006.

Intellectual Property

We rely upon patent, copyright, trade secret, mask work and trademark laws to protect our intellectual property. We cannot provide assurance that such intellectual property rights can be successfully asserted in the future or will not be invalidated, circumvented or challenged. From time to time, third parties, including our competitors, have asserted patent, copyright and other intellectual property rights to technologies that are important to us. Third parties may assert infringement claims against us in the future; assertions by third parties may result in costly litigation and we may not prevail in such litigation or be able to license any valid and infringed patents from third parties on commercially reasonable terms. Litigation, regardless of its outcome, could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources. Any infringement claim or other litigation against us or by us could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of
operations.

Considerable Number of Common Shares Subject to Future Issuance 

As of March 31, 2007, we had 2.00 billion authorized common shares, of which 295.9 million shares were outstanding. In addition, 99.7 million common shares were reserved for issuance pursuant to employee stock option and employee stock purchase plans (Equity Plans), and 32.1 million shares were reserved for issuance upon conversion or repurchase of the 3.125% junior subordinated convertible debentures (debentures). The availability of substantial amounts of our common shares resulting from the exercise or settlement of equity awards outstanding under our Equity Plans or the conversion or repurchase of debentures using common shares, which would be dilutive to existing security holders, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common shares and could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities. 

14

Potential Effect of New Accounting Pronouncements

There may be potential new accounting pronouncements or regulatory rulings, which may have an impact on our future financial condition and results of operations. For example, the accounting method for convertible debt securities with net share settlement, such as our debentures, may be subject to change. Under the accounting rules currently in effect, for the purpose of calculating diluted net income per common share, a convertible debt security providing for net share settlement of the conversion value and meeting specified requirements under applicable accounting rules, is accounted for interest expense purposes similarly to non-convertible debt. As a result, stated coupon constituting interest expense and any shares issuable upon conversion of the debt security would be accounted for under the treasury stock method. The effect of the treasury stock method is that the shares potentially issuable upon conversion of the debentures are not
included in the calculation of our diluted net income per common share except to the extent that the conversion value of the debentures exceeds their principal amount, in which event the number of shares of our common stock necessary to settle the conversion are treated as having been issued for diluted net income per common share purposes.

The accounting method for net share settled convertible securities is currently under consideration by the Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). Under consideration is a proposed method for accounting for net share settled convertible securities under which the debt and equity components of the security would be bifurcated and accounted for separately. We cannot predict the outcome of this process or any other changes in generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) that may affect accounting for convertible debt securities. Any change in the accounting method for convertible debt securities could have an adverse impact on our financial results. These impacts could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock and in turn negatively impact the trading price of the debentures.

Please see Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements, included in Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” for additional information about the debentures. Please also see Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements, included in Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” for additional information about recent accounting pronouncements.

Financial Reporting and Internal Controls Environment

We are subject to the ongoing internal control provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Act). Our controls necessary for continued compliance with the Act may not operate effectively at all times and may result in a material weakness disclosure. The identification of material weaknesses in internal control, if any, could indicate a lack of proper controls to generate accurate financial statements. Further, our internal control effectiveness may be impacted if we are unable to retain sufficient skilled finance and accounting personnel, especially in light of the increased demand for such personnel among publicly traded companies.

Litigation

See Item 3. “Legal Proceedings.”