We face significant competition and our failure to compete successfully could
adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

We operate in an environment of significant competition,
driven by rapid technological advances and the demands of customers to become more efficient. Our competitors range from large international companies to relatively small firms. Some of the large international companies have significant financial
resources and compete with us globally to provide document processing products and services in each of the markets we serve. We compete primarily on the basis of technology, performance, price, quality, reliability, brand, distribution and customer
service and support. Our success in future performance is largely dependent upon our ability to compete successfully in the markets we currently serve and to expand into additional market segments. To remain competitive, we must develop new
products, services, and applications and periodically enhance our existing offerings. If we are unable to compete successfully, we could lose market share and important customers to our competitors and that could materially adversely affect our
results of operations and financial condition. 

We need to develop and expand the use of color printing and copying.

Increasing the proportion of pages which are printed in color and transitioning color pages currently produced on offset devices
to Xerox technology represent key growth opportunities. A significant part of our strategy and ultimate success in this changing market is our ability to develop and market technology that produces color prints and copies quickly, easily, with high
quality and at reduced cost. Our continuing success in this strategy depends on our ability to make the investments and commit the necessary resources in this highly competitive market, as well as the pace of color adoption by our existing and
prospective customers. If we are unable to develop and market advanced and competitive color technologies or the pace of color adoption by our existing and prospective customers is less than anticipated, or the price of color pages declines at a
greater rate and faster pace than we anticipate, we may be unable to capture these opportunities and it could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

If we fail to successfully develop new products and technologies and protect our intellectual property rights, we may be unable to retain current
customers and gain new customers and our revenues would be reduced. 

The process of developing new high technology products and
solutions is inherently complex and uncertain. It requires accurate anticipation of customers’ changing needs and emerging technological trends. We must make long-term investments and commit significant resources before knowing whether these
investments will eventually result in products that achieve customer acceptance and generate the revenues required to provide desired returns. In developing these new technologies and products, we rely upon patent, copyright, trademark and trade
secret laws in the United States and similar laws in other countries, and agreements with our employees, customers, suppliers and other parties, to establish and maintain our intellectual property rights in technology and products used in our
operations. However, the laws of certain countries may not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States and we may be unable to protect our proprietary technology adequately against unauthorized third-party
copying or use, which could adversely affect our competitive position. In addition, some of our products rely on technologies developed by third parties. We may not be able to obtain or to continue to obtain licenses and technologies from these
third parties at all or on reasonable terms, or such third parties may demand cross-licenses to our intellectual property. It is also possible that our intellectual property rights could be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, allowing others to
use our intellectual property to our competitive detriment. We also must ensure that all of our products comply with existing and newly enacted applicable regulatory requirements in the countries in which they are sold, particularly European Union
environmental directives. If we fail to accurately anticipate and meet our customers’ needs through the development of new technologies and products or if we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or if our new products are
not widely accepted or if our current or future products fail to meet applicable worldwide regulatory requirements, we could lose market share and customers to our competitors and that could materially adversely affect our results of operations and
financial condition. 

Our profitability is dependent upon our ability to obtain adequate pricing for our products and to improve our
cost structure. 

Our success depends on our ability to obtain adequate pricing for our products and services which provides a
reasonable return to our shareholders. Depending on competitive market factors, future prices we obtain for our products and services may decline from previous levels. In addition, pricing actions to offset the effect of currency devaluations may
not prove sufficient to offset further devaluations or may not hold in the face of customer resistance and/or competition. If we are unable to obtain adequate pricing for our products and services, it could materially adversely affect our results of
operations and financial condition. 

We are continually reviewing our operations with a view towards reducing our cost structure, including
but not limited to downsizing our employee base, exiting certain businesses, improving process and system efficiencies and outsourcing some internal functions. If we are unable to continue to maintain our cost base at or below the current level and
maintain process and systems changes resulting from prior restructuring actions, it could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

18 

Our ability to sustain and improve profit margins is dependent on a number of factors, including our
ability to continue to improve the cost efficiency of our operations through such programs as Lean Six Sigma, the level of pricing pressures on our products and services, the proportion of high-end as opposed to low-end equipment sales, the trend in
our post-sale revenue growth and our ability to successfully complete information technology initiatives. If any of these factors adversely materialize or if we are unable to achieve productivity improvements through design efficiency, supplier and
manufacturing cost improvements and information technology initiatives, our ability to offset labor cost inflation, potential materials cost increases and competitive price pressures would be impaired, all of which could materially adversely affect
our results of operations and financial condition. 

We have outsourced a significant portion of our overall worldwide manufacturing
operations and face the risks associated with relying on third party manufacturers and external suppliers. 

We have outsourced a
significant portion of our overall worldwide manufacturing operations to third parties and various service providers. To the extent that we rely on third party manufacturing relationships, we face the risk that those manufacturers may not be able to
develop manufacturing methods appropriate for our products, they may not be able to quickly respond to changes in customer demand for our products, they may not be able to obtain supplies and materials necessary for the manufacturing process, they
may experience labor shortages and/or disruptions, manufacturing costs could be higher than planned and the reliability of our products could decline. If any of these risks were to be realized, and assuming similar third-party manufacturing
relationships could not be established, we could experience interruptions in supply or increases in costs that might result in our being unable to meet customer demand for our products, damage our relationships with our customers, and reduce our
market share, all of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our business,
results of operations and financial condition may be negatively impacted by economic conditions abroad, including fluctuating foreign currencies and shifting regulatory schemes. 

Approximately half of our revenue is generated from operations outside the United States. In addition, we manufacture or acquire many of our products
and/or their components from, and maintain significant operations, outside the United States. Our future revenues, costs and results of operations could be significantly affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, as well as by a number
of other factors, including changes in economic conditions from country to country, changes in a country’s political conditions, trade protection measures, licensing requirements, local tax issues, capitalization and other related legal
matters. We generally hedge foreign currency denominated assets, liabilities and anticipated transactions primarily through the use of currency derivative contracts. The use of derivative contracts is intended to mitigate or reduce transactional
level volatility in the results of foreign operations, but does not completely eliminate volatility. We do not hedge the translation effect of international revenues and expenses, which are denominated in currencies other than our U.S. parent
functional currency, within our consolidated financial statements. 

Our operating results may be negatively impacted by lower
equipment placements and revenue trends. 

Our ability to maintain a consistent trend of revenue growth over the intermediate to
longer term is largely dependent upon expansion of our worldwide equipment placements, as well as sales of services and supplies occurring after the initial equipment placement (post sale revenue) in the key growth markets of digital printing, color
and multifunction systems. We expect that revenue growth can be further enhanced through our document management and consulting services in the areas of personalized and product life cycle communications, office and production services and document
content and imaging. The ability to achieve growth in our equipment placements is subject to the successful implementation of our initiatives to provide advanced systems, industry-oriented global solutions and services for major customers, improve
direct sales productivity and expand our indirect distribution channels in the face of global competition and pricing pressures. Our ability to increase post sale revenue is largely dependent on our ability to increase the volume of pages printed,
the mix of color pages, equipment utilization and color adoption, as well as our ability to retain a high level of supplies sales in unbundled contracts. Equipment placements typically occur through leases with original terms of three to five years.
There will be a lag between the increase in equipment placement and an increase in post sale revenues. The ability to grow our customers’ usage of our products may continue to be adversely impacted by the movement toward distributed printing
and electronic substitutes and the impact of lower equipment placements in prior periods. If we are unable to maintain a consistent trend of revenue growth, it could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

19 

Our ability to fund our customer financing activities at economically competitive levels depends on
our ability to borrow and the cost of borrowing in the credit markets. 

The long-term viability and profitability of our customer
financing activities is dependent, in part, on our ability to borrow and the cost of borrowing in the credit markets. This ability and cost, in turn, is dependent on our credit ratings and is subject to credit market volatility. We are currently
funding our customer financing activity through a combination of capital market offerings, cash generated from operations, cash on hand, other borrowings and, to a lesser degree, third-party funding arrangements. Our ability to continue to offer
customer financing and be successful in the placement of equipment with customers is largely dependent on our ability to obtain funding at a reasonable cost. If we are unable to continue to offer customer financing, it could materially adversely
affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our significant debt could adversely affect our financial health and pose
challenges for conducting our business. 

We have and will continue to have a significant amount of debt and other obligations,
primarily to support our customer financing activities. As of December 31, 2007, we had $7.5 billion of total debt ($275 million of which is secured by finance receivables) and a $632 million liability to a subsidiary trust issuing preferred
securities. The total value of financing activities, shown on the balance sheet as Finance Receivables and On-Lease equipment, was $8.6 billion at December 31, 2007. The total cash and cash equivalents was $1.1 billion at December 31,
2007. Our substantial debt and other obligations could have important consequences. For example, it could (i) increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; (ii) limit our ability to obtain additional
financing for future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate requirements; (iii) increase our vulnerability to interest rate fluctuations because a portion of our debt has variable interest rates;
(iv) require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to service debt and other obligations thereby reducing the availability of our cash flows from operations for other purposes; (v) limit our flexibility in
planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; (vi) place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and (vii) become due and payable upon a change in
control. If new debt is added to our current debt levels, these related risks could increase. 

We need to maintain adequate liquidity
in order to have sufficient cash to meet operating cash flow requirements, repay maturing debt and meet other financial obligations, such as payment of dividends to the extent declared by our Board of Directors. If we fail to comply with the
covenants contained in our various borrowing agreements, it may adversely affect our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our liquidity is a function of our ability to successfully generate cash flows from a combination of efficient operations and improvement therein, access to capital markets, securitizations, funding from third parties
and borrowings secured by our finance receivables portfolios. As of December 31, 2007, total cash and cash equivalents was $1.1 billion, and our borrowing capacity under our 2007 Credit Facility was $1.4 billion, reflecting $600 million of
outstanding borrowings. We also have funding available through a secured borrowing arrangement with General Electric Capital Corporation (“GECC”). We believe our liquidity (including operating and other cash flows that we expect to
generate) will be sufficient to meet operating requirements as they occur; however, our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity going forward depends on our ability to generate cash from operations and access to the capital markets, secured
borrowings, securitizations and funding from third parties, all of which are subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other market factors that are beyond our control. 

The 2007 Credit Facility contains affirmative and negative covenants including limitations on: (i) liens of Xerox and certain of our subsidiaries
securing debt, (ii) certain fundamental changes to corporate structure, (iii) changes in nature of business and (iv) limitations on debt incurred by certain subsidiaries. The 2007 Credit Facility contains financial maintenance
covenants, including maximum leverage (debt for borrowed money divided by consolidated EBITDA, as defined) and a minimum interest coverage ratio (consolidated EBITDA divided by consolidated interest expense, as defined). The indentures governing our
outstanding senior notes contain affirmative and negative covenants including limitations on: issuance of secured debt and preferred stock; investments and acquisitions; mergers; certain transactions with affiliates; creation of liens; asset
transfers; hedging transactions; payment of dividends and certain other payments. They do not, however, contain any financial maintenance covenants, except the fixed charge coverage ratio applicable to certain types of payments. Our U.S. Loan
Agreement with GECC (effective through 2010) relating to our customer financing program (the “Loan Agreement”) provides for loans secured by eligible finance receivables up to $5 billion outstanding at any one time. As of December 31,
2007, $275 million was outstanding under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement incorporates the financial maintenance covenants contained in the 2007 Credit Facility and contains other affirmative and negative covenants. 

20 

At December 31, 2007, we were in full compliance with the covenants and other provisions of the 2007
Credit Facility, the senior notes and the Loan Agreement. Any failure to be in compliance with any material provision or covenant of the 2007 Credit Facility or the senior notes could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, results of
operations and financial condition. Failure to be in compliance with the covenants in the Loan Agreement, including the financial maintenance covenants incorporated from the 2007 Credit Facility, would result in an event of termination under the
Loan Agreement and in such case GECC would not be required to make further loans to us. If GECC were to make no further loans to us, and assuming a similar facility was not established and that we were unable to obtain replacement financing in the
public debt markets, it could materially adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund our customers’ purchases of our equipment and this could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our business, results of operations and financial condition may be negatively impacted by legal and regulatory matters. 

We have various contingent liabilities that are not reflected on our balance sheet, including those arising as a result of being involved in a variety of
claims, lawsuits, investigations and proceedings concerning securities law, intellectual property law, environmental law, employment law and the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (“ERISA”), as discussed in the
“Contingencies” note in the Consolidated Financial Statements. We determine whether an estimated loss from a contingency should be accrued by assessing whether a loss is deemed probable and can be reasonably estimated. We assess potential
liability by analyzing our litigation and regulatory matters using available information. We develop our views on estimated losses in consultation with legal counsel handling our defense in these matters, which involves an analysis of potential
results, assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. Should developments in any of our legal matters cause a change in our determination as to an unfavorable outcome and result in the need to recognize a material accrual, or
should any of these matters result in a final adverse judgment or be settled for significant amounts, they could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position in the period or periods in which such
change in determination, judgment or settlement occurs. 

Our operations and our products are subject to environmental regulations in each of
the jurisdictions in which we conduct our business and sell our products. Some of our manufacturing operations use, and some of our products contain, substances that are regulated in various jurisdictions. For example, various countries
and jurisdictions have adopted or proposed or are expected to adopt restrictions on the types and amounts of chemicals that may be present in electronic equipment or other items. The previously enacted European Union Directive known as the
Restriction on the Use of Hazardous Substances (“RoHS”) is one example. If we do not comply with applicable rules and regulations in connection with the use of such substances and the sale of products containing such substances, then we
could be subject to liability and could be prevented from selling our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Further, various countries and jurisdictions have adopted or
proposed, or are expected to propose, programs that make producers of electrical goods, including computers and printers, responsible for certain labeling, collection, recycling, treatment and disposal of these recovered products. The
previously enacted European Union Directive on Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (“WEEE”) is one example. If we are unable to collect, recycle, treat and dispose of our products in a cost-effective manner and in accordance with
applicable requirements, it could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Other potentially relevant initiatives throughout the world include proposals for more extensive chemical registration requirements,
various efforts to limit energy use in products, and other environmentally related product programs. For example, the European Union’s Energy-Using Products Directive (“EUP”) is expected to lead to the adoption of “implementing
measures” intended to require certain classes of products to achieve certain design and/or performance standards, in connection with energy use and potentially other environmental parameters and impacts. It is possible that some or all of our
products may be required to comply with EUP implementing measures. Another example is the European Union “REACH” Regulation (Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals), a broad initiative that will require
parties throughout the supply chain to register, assess and disclose information regarding many chemicals in their products. Depending on the types, applications, forms and uses of chemical substances in various products, REACH could lead to
restrictions and/or bans on certain chemical usage. Xerox continues its efforts toward monitoring and evaluating the applicability of these and other regulatory initiatives in an effort to develop compliance strategies. As these and similar
initiatives and programs become regulatory requirements throughout the world and/or are adopted as public or private procurement requirements, we must comply or potentially face market access limitations that could have a material adverse affect on
our operations and financial condition. 

21 

We need to successfully bring GIS into our operations in order to realize all of the anticipated
benefits from the transaction. 

Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the GIS acquisition is subject to certain risks
including, but not limited to the risks that the future business operations of GIS will not be successful; customer retention and revenue expansion goals for the GIS transaction will not be met; and disruptions from the GIS transaction will harm
relationships with customers, employees, agents, distributors and suppliers.