The following
factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements made in this report and presented elsewhere by management from time to time. Such factors, among others, may have a material
adverse effect upon our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The following discussion of our risk factors should be
read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included herein. Because of these and other factors, past financial performance should not be considered an indication of future performance. 

Oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids prices fluctuate due to a number of uncontrollable factors, and any decline will adversely affect our financial condition.

Our results of operations depend upon the prices we receive for our natural gas, oil and natural gas liquids. We sell most of our
natural gas, oil and natural gas liquids at current market prices rather than through fixed-price contracts. Historically, the markets for natural gas, oil and natural gas liquids have been volatile and are likely to remain volatile in the future.
The prices we receive depend upon factors beyond our control, which include: 

•

 weather conditions; 

•

 political instability or armed conflict in oil-producing regions, such as current conditions in the Middle East, Nigeria and Venezuela;

•

 the supply of domestic and foreign oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids; 

•

 the ability of members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to agree upon and maintain oil prices and production levels;

•

 the level of consumer demand; 

•

 worldwide economic conditions; 

•

 the price and availability of alternative fuels; 

•

 domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes; 

•

 the proximity to and capacity of transportation facilities; and 

•

 the effect of worldwide energy conservation measures. 

Government regulations, such as regulations of natural gas transportation and price controls, can affect product prices in the long term. These external factors and the volatile nature of the energy markets make it
difficult to reliably estimate future prices of oil and natural gas. 

To the extent we have not hedged our production, any decline in
natural gas and oil prices adversely affects our financial condition. If the oil and gas industry experiences significant price declines, we may, among other things, be unable to meet our financial obligations or make planned capital expenditures.

Our use of hedging arrangements could result in financial losses or reduce our income. 

To reduce our exposure to fluctuations in natural gas, oil and natural gas liquids prices, we have entered into and expect in the future to enter into
hedging arrangements for a portion of our natural gas, oil and natural gas liquids production. However, we may not be able to hedge our future production at prices we deem attractive. These hedging arrangements expose us to risk of financial loss in
some circumstances, including when: 

•

 production is less than expected; 

16 

Table of Contents

•

 the counterparty to the hedging contract defaults on its contractual obligations; or 

•

 there is a change in the expected differential between the underlying price in the hedging agreement and actual prices received. 

In addition, these hedging arrangements may limit the benefit we would otherwise receive from increases in natural gas, oil and natural gas liquids
prices. 

We have substantial capital requirements, and we may be unable to obtain needed financing on satisfactory terms. 

We make, and will continue to make, substantial capital expenditures for the acquisition, development, exploration and abandonment of our oil and natural
gas reserves. We intend to finance our capital expenditures primarily through cash flow from operations, bank and commercial paper borrowings and public and private equity and debt offerings. Lower oil and natural gas prices, however, would reduce
our cash flow and could affect our access to the capital markets. Costs of exploration and development were $2.8 billion in 2007, $2.1 billion in 2006 and $1.4 billion in 2005. During 2007, we spent $3.2 billion on proved property acquisitions and
$831 million on unproved property acquisitions. Our exploration and development budget for 2008 is $2.6 billion. An additional $400 million has been budgeted for the construction of pipeline infrastructure and compression and processing facilities
in 2008. 

We believe that, after debt service, we will have sufficient cash from operating activities to finance our exploration and
development expenses through 2008. If revenues decrease, however, and we are unable to obtain additional debt or equity financing, we may lack the capital necessary to replace our reserves or to maintain production at current levels. 

We have substantial indebtedness and may incur substantially more debt. Any failure to meet our debt obligations would adversely affect our business and financial
condition. 

We have incurred substantial debt. As a result of our indebtedness, we will need to use a portion of our cash flow to
pay principal and interest, which will reduce the amount available to finance our operations and other business activities and could limit our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and the industry in which we operate.
Our bank revolving credit, term loans and commercial paper indebtedness is at a variable interest rate, and so a rise in interest rates will generate greater interest expense to the extent we do not have applicable interest rate protection hedges.
The amount of our debt may also cause us to be more vulnerable to economic downturns and adverse developments in our business. 

Together
with our subsidiaries, we may incur substantially more debt in the future. The indentures governing our outstanding public debt do not contain restrictions on our incurrence of additional indebtedness. To the extent new debt is added to our current
debt levels, the risks resulting from indebtedness could substantially increase. 

Our access to the commercial paper market is predicated
on continued acceptable short-term ratings by Standard & Poors and Moody’s. Any downgrade in those ratings may impact our borrowing costs as well as our access to the commercial paper market. Additionally, any downgrade to our
long-term ratings could increase our borrowings costs and limit our access to capital markets. 

Our ability to meet our debt obligations
and other expenses will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, regulatory and other factors, many of which we are unable to control. If our cash flow is not sufficient to service our debt, we may
be required to refinance the debt, sell assets or sell shares of common stock on terms that we do not find attractive if it can be done at all. Further, our failure to comply with the financial and other restrictive covenants relating to our
indebtedness could result in a default under the indebtedness, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

17 

Table of Contents

Competition in the oil and natural gas industry is intense, and some of our competitors have greater financial,
technological and other resources than we have. 

We operate in the highly competitive areas of oil and natural gas acquisition,
development, exploitation, exploration and production. The oil and natural gas industry is characterized by rapid and significant technological advancements and introductions of new products and services using new technologies. We face intense
competition from independent, technology-driven companies as well as from both major and other independent oil and natural gas companies in each of the following areas: 

•

 seeking to acquire desirable producing properties or new leases for future exploration; 

•

 marketing our oil and natural gas production; 

•

 integrating new technologies; 

•

 seeking to acquire the equipment and expertise necessary to develop and operate our properties; and 

•

 hiring qualified people. 

Some of
our competitors have financial, technological and other resources substantially greater than ours, and some of them are fully integrated oil companies. These companies may be able to pay more for development prospects and productive oil and natural
gas properties and may be able to define, evaluate, bid for and purchase a greater number of properties and prospects than our financial or human resources permit. Further, these companies may enjoy technological advantages and may be able to
implement new technologies more rapidly than we can. Our ability to develop and exploit our oil and natural gas properties and to acquire additional properties in the future will depend upon our ability to successfully conduct operations, implement
advanced technologies, evaluate and select suitable properties and consummate transactions in this highly competitive environment. 

The failure to
replace our reserves could adversely affect our financial condition. 

Our future success depends upon our ability to find, develop
or acquire additional oil and natural gas reserves that are economically recoverable. Our proved reserves generally decline when oil and natural gas are produced unless we continue to conduct successful exploitation, development or exploration
activities or acquire properties containing proved reserves, or both. We may not be able to economically find, develop or acquire additional reserves. Furthermore, while our revenues may increase if oil and natural gas prices increase significantly,
our finding costs for additional reserves could also increase. 

Reserve estimates depend on many assumptions that may turn out to be inaccurate. Any
material inaccuracies in our reserve estimates or underlying assumptions could cause the quantities and net present value of our reserves to be overstated. 

Estimating quantities of proved oil and natural gas reserves is a complex process. It requires interpretations of available technical data and various assumptions, including assumptions relating to economic factors.
Any significant inaccuracies in these interpretations or assumptions or changes in conditions could cause the quantities and net present value of our reserves to be overstated. 

To prepare estimates of economically recoverable oil and natural gas reserves and future net cash flows, we analyze many variable factors, such as
historical production from the area compared with production rates from other producing areas. We also analyze available geologic, geophysical, production and engineering data, and the extent, quality and reliability of this data can vary. The
process also involves economic assumptions relating to commodity prices, production costs, severance and excise taxes, capital expenditures and workover and remedial costs. Actual results most likely will vary from our estimates. Any significant
variance could reduce the estimated quantities and present value of reserves shown in this annual report. 

18 

Table of Contents

You should not assume that the present value of future net cash flows from our proved reserves shown in
this annual report is the current market value of our estimated oil and natural gas reserves. In accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission requirements, we base the estimated discounted future net cash flows from our proved reserves on
prices and costs on the date of the estimate. Actual current and future prices and costs may differ materially from those used in the net present value estimate, and as a result, net present value estimates using current prices and costs may be
significantly less than the estimate which is provided in this annual report. 

Producing and unproved property acquisitions are a component of our
growth strategy, and our failure to complete future acquisitions successfully could reduce our earnings and slow our growth. 

Our
business strategy has emphasized growth through acquisitions, but we may not be able to continue to identify properties for acquisition or we may not be able to make acquisitions on terms that we consider economically acceptable. There is intense
competition for acquisition opportunities in our industry. Competition for acquisitions may increase the cost of, or cause us to refrain from, completing acquisitions. Our strategy of completing acquisitions is dependent upon, among other things,
our ability to obtain debt and equity financing and, in some cases, regulatory approvals. Our ability to pursue our growth strategy may be hindered if we are not able to obtain financing or regulatory approvals. Our ability to grow through
acquisitions and manage growth will require us to continue to invest in operational, financial and management information systems and to attract, retain, motivate and effectively manage our employees. The inability to effectively manage the
integration of acquisitions could reduce our focus on subsequent acquisitions and current operations, which, in turn, could negatively impact our earnings and growth. Our financial position and results of operations may fluctuate significantly from
period to period, based on whether significant acquisitions are completed in particular periods. 

Acquisitions are subject to the uncertainties of
evaluating recoverable reserves and potential liabilities. 

Our recent growth is due in part to acquisitions of both producing and
unproved properties, and we expect acquisitions will continue to contribute to our future growth. Successful acquisitions require an assessment of a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include recoverable reserves,
exploration and development potential, lease terms, future oil and natural gas prices, operating costs and potential environmental and other liabilities. Such assessments are inexact and their accuracy is inherently uncertain. In connection with our
assessments, we perform a review of the acquired properties, which we believe is generally consistent with industry practices. However, such a review will not reveal all existing or potential problems. In addition, our review may not allow us to
become sufficiently familiar with the properties, and we do not always discover structural, subsurface and environmental problems that may exist or arise. Our review prior to signing a definitive purchase agreement may be even more limited.

We generally are not entitled to contractual indemnification for preclosing liabilities, including environmental liabilities, on
acquisitions. Normally, we acquire interests in properties on an “as is” basis with limited remedies for breaches of representations and warranties. If material breaches are discovered by us prior to closing, we could require adjustments
to the purchase price, or, if the claims are significant, we or the seller may have a right to terminate the agreement. We could also fail to discover breaches or defects prior to closing and incur significant unknown liabilities, including
environmental liabilities, or experience losses due to title defects, for which we would have limited or no contractual remedies or insurance coverage. 

There are risks in acquiring both producing and unproved properties, including difficulties in integrating acquired properties into our business, additional liabilities and expenses associated with acquired properties, diversion of
management attention, and costs of increased scope, geographic diversity and complexity of our operations. 

Increasing our reserve
base through acquisitions is an important part of our business strategy. Our failure to integrate acquired businesses successfully into our existing business, or the expense incurred in consummating future acquisitions, could result in our incurring
unanticipated expenses and losses. In addition, we may have to assume cleanup or reclamation obligations or other unanticipated liabilities in connection with these acquisitions. The scope and cost of these obligations may ultimately be materially
greater than estimated at the time of the acquisition. 

19 

Table of Contents

In connection with future acquisitions, the process of integrating acquired operations into our existing
operations may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and may require significant management attention and financial resources that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development or expansion of existing operations. 

Possible future acquisitions could result in our incurring additional debt, contingent liabilities and expenses, all of which could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 

Our development and exploratory drilling efforts and our operations of our wells
may not be profitable or achieve our targeted returns. 

We acquire significant amounts of unproved property in order to further our
development efforts. Development and exploratory drilling and production activities are subject to many risks, including the risk that no commercially productive reservoirs will be discovered. We acquire both producing and unproved properties as
well as lease undeveloped acreage that we believe will enhance our growth potential and increase our earnings over time. However, we cannot assure you that all prospects will be economically viable or that we will not abandon our initial
investments. Additionally, there can be no assurance that unproved property acquired by us or undeveloped acreage leased by us will be profitably developed, that new wells drilled by us in prospects that we pursue will be productive or that we will
recover all or any portion of our investment in such unproved property or wells. Drilling for natural gas and oil may involve unprofitable efforts, not only from dry wells but also from wells that are productive but do not produce sufficient
commercial quantities to cover the drilling, operating and other costs. In addition, wells that are profitable may not meet our internal return targets, which are dependent upon the current and future market prices for natural gas and crude oil,
costs associated with producing natural gas and oil and our ability to add reserves at an acceptable cost. We rely to a significant extent on seismic data and other advanced technologies in identifying unproved property prospects and in conducting
our exploration activities. The seismic data and other technologies we use do not allow us to know conclusively, prior to acquisition of unproved property or drilling a well, whether natural gas or oil is present or may be produced economically. The
use of seismic data and other technologies also requires greater pre-drilling expenditures than traditional drilling strategies. 

Drilling oil and
natural gas wells is a high-risk activity and subjects us to a variety of factors that we cannot control. 

Drilling oil and natural
gas wells, including development wells, involves numerous risks, including the risk that we may not encounter commercially productive oil and natural gas reservoirs. We may not recover all or any portion of our investment in new wells. The presence
of unanticipated pressures or irregularities in formations, miscalculations or accidents may cause our drilling activities to be unsuccessful and result in a total loss of our investment. In addition, we often are uncertain as to the future cost or
timing of drilling, completing and operating wells. Further, our drilling operations may be curtailed, delayed or canceled as a result of a variety of factors, including: 

•

 unexpected drilling conditions, including urban drilling; 

•

 title problems; 

•

 restricted access to land for drilling or laying pipeline; 

•

 pressure or irregularities in formations; 

•

 equipment failures or accidents; 

•

 adverse weather conditions; and 

•

 costs of, or shortages or delays in the availability of, drilling rigs, tubular materials and equipment. 

20 

Table of Contents

The marketability of our production is dependent upon transportation and processing facilities over which we may
have no control. 

The marketability of our production depends in part upon the availability, proximity and capacity of pipelines,
natural gas gathering systems and processing facilities. Any significant change in market factors affecting these infrastructure facilities, as well as any delays in constructing new infrastructure facilities, could harm our business. We deliver oil
and natural gas through gathering systems and pipelines that we do not own. These facilities may be temporarily unavailable due to market conditions or mechanical reasons, or may not be available to us in the future. 

We are subject to complex federal, state and local laws and regulations that could adversely affect our business. 

Extensive federal, state and local regulation of the oil and gas industry significantly affects our operations. In particular, our oil and natural gas
exploration, development and production, and our storage and transportation of liquid hydrocarbons, are subject to stringent environmental regulations. These regulations have increased the costs of planning, designing, drilling, installing,
operating and abandoning oil and natural gas wells and other related facilities. These regulations may become more demanding in the future. Matters subject to regulation include: 

•

 discharge permits for drilling operations; 

•

 drilling bonds; 

•

 spacing of wells; 

•

 unitization and pooling of properties; 

•

 environmental protection; 

•

 reports concerning operations; and 

•

 taxation. 

Under these laws and
regulations, we could be liable for: 

•

 personal injuries; 

•

 property damage; 

•

 oil spills; 

•

 discharge of hazardous materials; 

•

 reclamation costs; 

•

 remediation and clean-up costs; and 

•

 other environmental damages. 

Although we believe that our operations generally comply with applicable laws and regulations, failure to comply could result in the suspension or termination of our operations and subject us to administrative, civil and criminal penalties.
Further, these laws and regulations could change in ways that substantially increase our costs. Any of these liabilities, penalties, suspensions, terminations or regulatory changes could make it more expensive for us to conduct our business or cause
us to limit or curtail some of our operations. 

We currently own, lease or expect to acquire, and have in the past owned or leased,
numerous properties that have been used for the exploration and production of oil and natural gas for many years. Although we have used operating and disposal practices that were standard in the industry at the time, petroleum hydrocarbons or wastes
may have been disposed or released on or under the properties owned or leased by us or on or under other 

21 

Table of Contents

locations where such wastes were taken for disposal. In addition, petroleum hydrocarbons or wastes may have been disposed or released by prior operators of