.

Our
business and industry face a variety of risks, including operational, legal,
regulatory and product risks.  The following are some of the more
significant factors that could affect our business and our results of
operations.  Other factors may exist that we cannot anticipate or that
we do not consider significant based on currently available
information.

Food
safety and food-borne illness concerns may have an adverse effect on our
business.

We
consider food safety a top priority and dedicate substantial resources to ensure
that our customers enjoy safe, quality food products.  However,
food-borne illnesses (such as E. coli, hepatitis A, trichinosis or salmonella)
and food safety issues have occurred in the past (see Note 22, Guarantees,
Commitments and Contingencies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included
in Part II, Item 8 of this report for a discussion of litigation arising from an
E. coli outbreak allegedly linked to a number of Taco Bell restaurants in the
Northeast U.S. during November/December 2006), and could occur in the
future.  If such instances of food-borne illness or other food safety
issues were to occur, whether at our restaurants or those of our competitors,
negative publicity could result which could adversely affect sales and
profitability.  If our customers become ill from food-borne illnesses,
we could also be forced to temporarily close some
restaurants.  Additionally, the occurrence of food-borne illnesses or
food safety issues could adversely affect the price and availability of affected
ingredients.  Finally, like other companies in the restaurant
industry, some of our products may contain genetically engineered food products,
and our U.S. suppliers are currently not required to label their products as
such.  Increased regulation of and opposition to genetically
engineered food products have on occasion and may in the future force us to use
alternative sources at increased costs.

Our
China operations subject us to risks that could negatively affect our
business.

A
significant and growing portion of our restaurants are located in
China.  As a result, our financial results are increasingly dependent
on our results in China, and our business is increasingly exposed to risks
there.  These risks include changes in economic conditions (including
inflation, consumer spending and unemployment levels), tax rates and laws and
consumer preferences, as well as changes in the regulatory
environment.  In addition, our results of operations in China and the
value of our Chinese assets are affected by fluctuations in currency exchange
rates, which may favorably or adversely affect reported
earnings.  There can be no assurance as to the future effect of any
such changes on our results of operations, financial condition or cash
flows.

In
addition, any significant or prolonged deterioration in U.S.-China
relations could adversely affect our China business.  Many of the
risks and uncertainties of doing business in China are solely within the control
of the Chinese government.  China’s government regulates the scope of
our foreign investments and business conducted within China.  Although
management believes it has structured our China operations to comply with local
laws, there are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of
laws and regulations and the enforceability of intellectual property and
contract rights in China.  If we were unable to enforce our
intellectual property and contract rights in China, our business would be
adversely impacted.

Our
other foreign operations subject us to risks that could negatively affect our
business.

A
significant portion of our restaurants are operated in foreign countries and
territories outside of the U.S. and China, and we intend to continue expansion
of our international operations.  As a result, our business is
increasingly exposed to risks inherent in foreign operations.  These
risks, which can vary substantially by market, include political instability,
social and ethnic unrest, changes in economic conditions (including inflation,
consumer spending and unemployment levels), the regulatory environment, tax
rates and laws and consumer preferences as well as changes in the laws and
policies that govern foreign investment in countries where our restaurants are
operated.  In addition, our results of operations and the value of our
foreign assets are affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates,
which may favorably or adversely affect reported earnings.  There can
be no assurance as to the future effect of any such changes on our results of
operations, financial condition or cash flows.

 9

Changes
in commodity and other operating costs or supply chain and business disruptions
could adversely affect our results of operations.

While we
take measures to anticipate and react to changes in food, energy and supply
costs, any increase in certain commodity prices could adversely affect our
operating results.  Because we provide moderately priced food, our
ability to pass along commodity price increases to our customers may be
limited.  Additionally, significant increases in gasoline prices could
result in a decrease of customer traffic at our restaurants or the imposition of
fuel surcharges by our distributors, each of which could adversely affect our
business.  We rely on third party distribution companies to deliver
food and supplies to our stores.  Interruption of distribution
services due to financial distress or other issues could impact our
operations.  Our operating expenses also include employee benefits and
insurance costs (including workers’ compensation, general liability, property
and health) which may increase over time.  Finally, our industry is
susceptible to natural disasters which could result in restaurant closures and
supply chain and business disruptions.

Health
concerns arising from outbreaks of Avian Flu may have an adverse effect on our
business.

Asian and
European countries have experienced outbreaks of Avian Flu, and some
commentators have hypothesized that further outbreaks could occur and reach
pandemic levels.  While fully-cooked chicken has been determined to be
safe for consumption, and while we have taken and continue to take measures to
anticipate and minimize the effect of these outbreaks on our business, future
outbreaks could adversely affect the price and availability of poultry and cause
customers to shift their preferences.  In addition, outbreaks on a
widespread basis could also affect our ability to attract and retain
employees.

Our
operating results are closely tied to the success of our Concepts’
franchisees.

As a
result of our franchising programs, our operating results are dependent upon the
sales volumes and viability of our franchisees.  Any significant
inability of our franchisees to operate successfully could adversely affect our
operating results.  We have limited control over our franchisees and
the quality of franchise restaurant operations may be impacted by factors that
are not in our control.  Franchisees may not have access to the
financial or management resources that they need to open or continue operating
the restaurants contemplated by their franchise agreements with us, or be able
to find suitable sites on which to develop them.  In addition,
franchisees may not be able to negotiate acceptable lease or purchase terms for
the sites, obtain the necessary permits and government approvals or meet
construction schedules.  Our franchisees generally depend upon
financing from banks and other financial institutions in order to construct and
open new restaurants.  In some instances, financing has been difficult
to obtain for some operators.  Any of these problems could slow our
planned growth.

Our
results and financial condition could be affected by the success of our
refranchising program.

We are in
the process of a refranchising program, which could reduce the percentage of
company ownership in the U.S., excluding licensees, from approximately 22% at
the end of 2007 to potentially less than 10% by the end of 2010.  Our
ability to execute this plan will depend on, among other things, whether we can
find viable and appropriate buyers for our restaurants, how quickly we can agree
to terms with potential buyers and the availability of financing to potential
buyers.  The success of the refranchising program once executed will
depend on, among other things, our selection of buyers who can effectively
operate our restaurants, our ability to limit our exposure to contingent
liabilities in connection with the sale of our restaurants, and whether the
resulting ownership mix of Company-operated and franchisee-operated restaurants
allows us to meet our financial objectives.  In addition,
refranchising activity could vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter and
year-to-year and that volatility could impact our reported
earnings.

We
could be party to litigation that could adversely affect us by increasing our
expenses or subjecting us to material money damages and other
remedies.

Like
others in the restaurant industry, we are susceptible to claims filed by
customers alleging that we are responsible for an illness or injury they
suffered at or after a visit to our restaurants.  Regardless of
whether any claims against us are

 10

valid, or
whether we are ultimately held liable, such litigation may be expensive to
defend and may divert time and money away from our operations and hurt our
performance.  A judgment for significant monetary damages in excess of
any insurance coverage could adversely affect our financial condition or
results of operations.  Any adverse publicity resulting from these
allegations may also adversely affect our reputation, which in turn could
adversely affect our results.

In
addition, the restaurant industry has been subject to claims that relate to the
nutritional content of food products, as well as claims that the menus and
practices of restaurant chains have led to the obesity of some
customers.  We may also be subject to this type of claim in the future
and, even if we are not, publicity about these matters (particularly directed at
the quick service and fast-casual segments of the industry) may harm our
reputation and adversely affect our results.

Changes
in governmental regulations may adversely affect our business
operations.

We and
our franchisees are subject to various federal, state and local regulations.
 Each of our restaurants is subject to state and local licensing and
regulation by health, sanitation, food and workplace safety and other
agencies.  Requirements of local authorities with respect to zoning,
land use, licensing, permitting and environmental factors could delay or prevent
development of new restaurants in particular locations.  In addition,
we face risks arising from compliance with and enforcement of increasingly
complex federal and state immigration laws and regulations.

We are
subject to the Americans with Disabilities Act and similar state laws that give
civil rights protections to individuals with disabilities in the context of
employment, public accommodations and other areas.  The expenses
associated with any facilities modifications required by these laws could be
material.  Our operations are also subject to the U.S. Fair Labor
Standards Act, which governs such matters as minimum wages, overtime and other
working conditions, family leave mandates and a variety of similar state laws
that govern these and other employment law matters.  The compliance
costs associated with these laws and evolving regulations could be
substantial.

We also
face risks from new or changing laws and regulations relating to nutritional
content, nutritional labeling, product safety and menu labeling
regulation.  Compliance with these laws and regulations can be costly
and can increase our exposure to litigation or governmental investigations or
proceedings.  In addition, we are subject to laws relating to
information security, privacy, cashless payments and consumer credit, protection
and fraud, and any failure or perceived failure to comply with those laws could
harm our reputation or lead to litigation, which could adversely affect our
financial condition.

We
may not attain our target development goals.

We are
pursuing a disciplined growth strategy, which, to be successful, will depend in
large part on our ability and the ability of our franchisees to upgrade existing
restaurants and open new restaurants, and to operate these restaurants on a
profitable basis.  We cannot guarantee that we, or our franchisees,
will be able to achieve our expansion goals or that new, upgraded or converted
restaurants will be operated profitably.  Further, there is no
assurance that any restaurant we open or convert will obtain operating results
similar to those of our existing restaurants.  The success of our
planned expansion will depend upon numerous factors, many of which are beyond
our control.

Our
growth strategy depends in large part on our ability to increase our net
restaurant count in our international markets.  Risks which could
impact our ability to increase our net restaurant count include prevailing
economic conditions and our, or our franchisees’, ability to obtain suitable
restaurant locations, obtain required permits and approvals and hire and train
qualified personnel.

The
retail food industry in which we operate is highly competitive.

The
retail food industry in which we operate is highly competitive with respect to
price and quality of food products, new product development,
price, advertising levels and promotional initiatives, customer service,
reputation, restaurant location, and attractiveness and maintenance of