.

You should carefully review the risks described below as they identify important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements and historical trends.

Food safety and food-borne illness concerns may have an adverse effect on our business.

Food-borne illnesses, such as E. coli, hepatitis A, trichinosis or salmonella, and food safety issues have occurred in the past, and could occur in the future.  Any report or publicity linking us or one of our Concept restaurants, including restaurants operated by our franchisees, to instances of food-borne illness or other food safety issues, including food tampering or contamination, could adversely affect our Concepts’ brands and reputations as well as our revenues and profits.  If customers of our Concepts or franchisees become ill from food-borne illnesses, we and our franchisees may temporarily close some restaurants.  In addition, instances of food-borne illness, food tampering or food contamination occurring solely at restaurants of competitors could adversely affect our sales as a result of negative publicity about the foodservice industry generally.  Food-borne illness, food tampering and food contamination could also be caused by food suppliers or distributors and, as a result, could be out of our control.  The occurrence of food-borne illnesses or food safety issues could also adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients, which could result in disruptions in our supply chain and/or lower margins for us and our franchisees.

10

Our China operations subject us to risks that could negatively affect our business.

A significant and growing portion of our restaurants are located in China.  As a result, our financial results are increasingly dependent on our results in China, and our business is increasingly exposed to risks there.  These risks include changes in economic conditions (including wage and commodity inflation, consumer spending and unemployment levels), tax rates and laws and consumer preferences, as well as changes in the regulatory environment and increased competition.  In addition, our results of operations in China and the value of our Chinese assets are affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which may adversely affect reported earnings.  There can be no assurance as to the future effect of any such changes on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.

In addition, any significant or prolonged deterioration in U.S.-China relations could adversely affect our China business.  Certain risks and uncertainties of doing business in China are solely within the control of the Chinese government, and Chinese law regulates the scope of our foreign investments and business conducted within China.  There are also uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of laws and regulations and the enforceability of intellectual property and contract rights in China.  If we were unable to enforce our intellectual property or contract rights in China, our business would be adversely impacted.

Our other foreign operations subject us to risks that could negatively affect our business.

A significant portion of our Concepts’ restaurants are operated in foreign countries and territories outside of the U.S. and China, and we intend to continue expansion of our international operations.  As a result, our business is increasingly exposed to risks inherent in foreign operations.  These risks, which can vary substantially by market, include political instability, corruption, social and ethnic unrest, changes in economic conditions (including wage and commodity inflation, consumer spending and unemployment levels), the regulatory environment, tax rates and laws and consumer preferences as well as changes in the laws and policies that govern foreign investment in countries where our restaurants are operated.

In addition, our results of operations and the value of our foreign assets are affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which may adversely affect reported earnings.  More specifically, an increase in the value of the United States Dollar relative to other currencies, such as the Australian Dollar, the British Pound, the Canadian Dollar and the Euro, could have an adverse effect on our reported earnings.  There can be no assurance as to the future effect of any such changes on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.

We may not attain our target development goals and aggressive development could cannibalize existing sales.

Our growth strategy depends in large part on our ability to increase our net restaurant count in markets outside the United States, especially China.  The successful development of new units will depend in large part on our ability and the ability of our franchisees to open new restaurants and to operate these restaurants on a profitable basis.  We cannot guarantee that we, or our franchisees, will be able to achieve our expansion goals or that new restaurants will be operated profitably.  Further, there is no assurance that any new restaurant will produce operating results similar to those of our existing restaurants.  Other risks which could impact our ability to increase our net restaurant count include prevailing economic conditions and our, or our franchisees’, ability to obtain suitable restaurant locations, obtain required permits and approvals in a timely manner and hire and train qualified personnel.

Our franchisees also frequently depend upon financing from banks and other financial institutions in order to construct and open new restaurants.  If it becomes more difficult or expensive for our franchisees to obtain financing to develop new restaurants, our planned growth could slow and our future revenue and cash flows could be adversely impacted.

In addition, the new restaurants could impact the sales of our existing restaurants nearby.  It is not our intention to open new restaurants that materially cannibalize the sales of our existing restaurants.  However, as with most growing retail and restaurant operations, there can be no assurance that sales cannibalization will not occur or become more significant in the future as we increase our presence in existing markets over time.

11

Changes in commodity and other operating costs could adversely affect our results of operations.

Any increase in certain commodity prices, such as food, energy and supply costs, could adversely affect our operating results.  Because our Concepts and their franchisees provide moderately priced food, our ability to pass along commodity price increases to our customers is limited.  Significant increases in gasoline prices could also result in a decrease of customer traffic at our restaurants or the imposition of fuel surcharges by our distributors, each of which could adversely affect our business.  Our operating expenses also include employee wages and benefits and insurance costs (including workers’ compensation, general liability, property and health) which may increase over time.

Shortages or interruptions in the availability and delivery of food and other supplies may increase costs or reduce revenues.

We are dependent upon third parties to make frequent deliveries of food products and supplies that meet our specifications at competitive prices.  Shortages or interruptions in the supply of food items and other supplies to our restaurants could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of items we buy and the operations of our restaurants.  Such shortages or disruptions could be caused by inclement weather, natural disasters such as floods, drought and hurricanes, increased demand, problems in production or distribution, the inability of our vendors to obtain credit, food safety warnings or advisories or the prospect of such pronouncements, or other conditions beyond our control.  A shortage or interruption in the availability of certain food products or supplies could increase costs and limit the availability of products critical to restaurant operations.  In addition, failure by a principal distributor for our Concepts and/or our franchisees to meet its service requirements could lead to a disruption of service or supply until a new distributor is engaged, and any disruption could have an adverse effect on our business.

Risks associated with the suppliers from whom our products are sourced and the safety of those products could adversely affect our financial performance.

The products sold by our Concepts and their franchisees are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers.  Political and economic instability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial instability of suppliers, suppliers’ failure to meet our standards, product quality issues, inflation, and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located are beyond our control.  These and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our financial performance.

Concerns regarding the safety of food ingredients or products that we source from our suppliers could cause customers to avoid purchasing certain products from us.  Lost confidence on the part of our customers would be difficult and costly to reestablish.

Our operating results are closely tied to the success of our Concepts’ franchisees.

A significant portion of our revenue consists of royalties from our franchisees.  Because a significant and growing portion of our restaurants are run by franchisees, the success of our business is increasingly dependent upon the operational and financial success of our franchisees.  While our franchise agreements set forth certain operational standards and guidelines, we have limited control over how our franchisees’ businesses are run, and any significant inability of our franchisees to operate successfully could adversely affect our operating results through decreased royalty payments.  For example, franchisees may not have access to the financial or management resources that they need to open or continue operating the restaurants contemplated by their franchise agreements with us.  In addition, franchisees may not be able to find suitable sites on which to develop new restaurants or negotiate acceptable lease or purchase terms for the sites, obtain the necessary permits and government approvals or meet construction schedules.

12

If our franchisees incur too much debt or if economic or sales trends deteriorate such that they are unable to repay existing debt, it could result in financial distress, including insolvency or bankruptcy.  If a significant number of our franchisees become financially distressed, our operating results could be impacted through reduced or delayed royalty payments or increased rent obligations for leased properties on which we are contingently liable.

Our results and financial condition could be affected by the success of our refranchising program.

We are in the process of refranchising restaurants in the U.S., which could reduce the percentage of Company ownership of KFCs, Pizza Huts, and Taco Bells in the U.S. from approximately 15% at the end of 2010 to approximately 12% by the end of 2011.  Our ability to execute this plan will depend on, among other things, whether we receive fair offers for these restaurants, whether we can find viable and suitable buyers and how quickly we can agree to terms with potential buyers.  In addition, financing for restaurant purchases can be expensive or difficult to obtain.  If buyers cannot obtain financing at attractive prices – or if they are unable to obtain financing at any price – our refranchising program could be delayed.

Once executed, the success of the refranchising program will depend on, among other things, buyers effectively operating these restaurants, the impact of contingent liabilities incurred in connection with refranchising, and whether the resulting ownership mix of Company-operated and franchisee-operated restaurants allows us to meet our financial objectives.  In addition, refranchising activity could vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year and that volatility could impact our reported earnings.

We could be party to litigation that could adversely affect us by increasing our expenses or subjecting us to significant monetary damages and other remedies.

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings, which include consumer, employment, tort and other litigation.  We are currently a defendant in cases containing class action allegations in which the plaintiffs have brought claims under federal and state wage and hour and other laws.  Plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits often seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to such lawsuits may not be accurately estimated.  Regardless of whether any claims against us are valid, or whether we are ultimately held liable, such litigation may be expensive to defend and may divert time and money away from our operations and hurt our performance.  With respect to insured claims, a judgment for monetary damages in excess of any insurance coverage could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.  Any adverse publicity resulting from these allegations may also adversely affect our reputation, which in turn could adversely affect our results.

In addition, the restaurant industry has been subject to claims that relate to the nutritional content of food products, as well as claims that the menus and practices of restaurant chains have led to the obesity of some customers.  We may also be subject to this type of claim in the future and, even if we are not, publicity about these matters (particularly directed at the quick service and fast-casual segments of the industry) may harm our reputation and adversely affect our results.

Health concerns arising from outbreaks of viruses or other diseases may have an adverse effect on our business.

Asian and European countries have experienced outbreaks of Avian Flu, and some commentators have hypothesized that further outbreaks could occur and reach pandemic levels.  Future outbreaks could adversely affect the price and availability of poultry and cause customers to eat less chicken.  Widespread outbreaks could also affect our ability to attract and retain employees.

Furthermore, other viruses such as H1N1 or “swine flu” may be transmitted through human contact, and the risk of contracting viruses could cause employees or guests to avoid gathering in public places, which could adversely affect restaurant guest traffic or the ability to adequately staff restaurants.  We could also be adversely affected if jurisdictions in which we have restaurants impose mandatory closures, seek voluntary closures or impose restrictions on operations of restaurants.  Even if such measures are not implemented and a virus or other disease does not spread significantly, the perceived risk of infection or significant health risk may affect our business.

13

Our success depends substantially on the value and perception of our brands.

Our success is dependent in large part upon our ability to maintain and enhance the value of our brands and our customers’ connection to our brands.  Brand value is based in part on consumer perceptions on a variety of subjective qualities, and even isolated business incidents can erode brand value and consumer trust, particularly if the incidents receive considerable publicity or result in litigation.  For example, our brands could be damaged by claims or perceptions about the quality of our products regardless of whether such claims or perceptions are accurate.  Consumer demand for our products and our brand value could diminish significantly if any such incidents or other matters erode consumer confidence in us or our products, which would likely result in lower sales and, ultimately, profits.

Our business may be adversely impacted by general economic conditions.

Our results of operations are dependent upon discretionary spending by consumers, which may be affected by general economic conditions globally or in one or more of the markets we serve.  Some of the factors that impact discretionary consumer spending include unemployment, disposable income and consumer confidence.  These and other macroeconomic factors could have an adverse effect on our sales mix, profitability or development plans, which could harm our financial condition and operating results.

The impact of potentially limited credit availability on third party vendors such as our suppliers cannot be predicted.  The inability of our suppliers to access financing, or the insolvency of suppliers, could lead to disruptions in our supply chain which could adversely impact our sales and financial condition.

Changes in governmental regulations may adversely affect our business operations.

Our Concepts and their franchisees are subject to numerous laws and regulations around the world.  Our restaurants are subject to state and local licensing and regulation by health, sanitation, food, workplace safety, fire and other agencies.  In addition, we face risks arising from compliance with and enforcement of increasingly complex federal and state immigration laws and regulations in the U.S.

We are also subject to the Americans with Disabilities Act in the U.S. and similar state laws that give civil rights protections to individuals with disabilities in the context of employment, public accommodations and other areas.  The expenses associated with any facilities modifications required by these laws could be material.  Our operations in the U.S. are also subject to the U.S. Fair Labor Standards Act, which governs such matters as minimum wages, overtime and other working conditions, family leave mandates and a variety of similar state laws that govern these and other employment law matters.  The compliance costs associated with these laws and evolving regulations could be substantial, and any failure or alleged failure to comply with these laws could lead to litigation, which could adversely affect our financial condition.

We also face risks from new or changing laws and regulations relating to nutritional content, nutritional labeling, product safety and menu labeling.  Compliance with these laws and regulations can be costly and can increase our exposure to litigation or governmental investigations or proceedings.  New or changing laws and regulations relating to union organizing rights and activities may impact our operations at the restaurant level and increase our cost of labor.  In addition, we are subject to laws relating to information security, privacy, cashless payments and consumer credit, protection and fraud, and any failure or perceived failure to comply with those laws could harm our reputation or lead to litigation, which could adversely affect our financial condition.

14

We are also subject to increasing environmental regulations, which could result in increased taxation or future restrictions on or increases in costs associated with food and other restaurant supplies, transportation costs and utility costs, any of which could decrease our operating profits and/or necessitate future investments in our restaurant facilities and equipment to achieve compliance.

The impact of current laws and regulations, the effect of future changes in laws or regulations that impose additional requirements and the consequences of litigation relating to current or future laws and regulations, or our inability to respond effectively to significant regulatory or public policy issues, could increase our compliance and other costs of doing business and therefore have an adverse effect on our results of operations.  Failure to comply with the laws and regulatory requirements of federal, state and local authorities could result in, among other things, revocation of required licenses, administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil and criminal liability.  Compliance with these laws and regulations can be costly and can increase our exposure to litigation or governmental investigations or proceedings.

Our effective tax rate could increase, negatively impacting our results of operations and financial condition.

A significant percentage of our profits are earned outside the U.S. and taxed at lower rates than the U.S. statutory rates.  If we were to experience an unforeseen decrease in our cash flows from our U.S. businesses or were unable to refinance future U.S. debt maturities we may be required to repatriate future international earnings to fund our U.S. cash needs.  Such international earnings would be subject to U.S. tax at the point in time we did not believe they were permanently invested outside the U.S., which could cause our worldwide effective tax rate to increase.

Additionally, our federal, state and local tax returns are frequently the subject of audits by taxing authorities, and those audits may result in tax assessments and/or penalties.  Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, if the IRS or other taxing authority disagrees with the positions we have taken on our tax returns, we could face additional tax liability, including interest and penalties.  There can be no assurance that payment of such additional amounts upon final adjudication of any disputes will not have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position.

Failure to protect the integrity and security of individually identifiable data of our guests and employees could expose us to litigation and damage our reputation.

We receive and maintain certain personal information about our guests and employees.  The use of this information by us is regulated by applicable law, as well as by certain third party contracts.  If our security and information systems are compromised or our business associates fail to comply with these laws and regulations and this information is obtained by unauthorized persons or used inappropriately, it could adversely affect our reputation, as well as our restaurant operations and results of operations and financial condition.  Additionally, we could be subject to litigation or the imposition of penalties.  As privacy and information security laws and regulations change, we may incur additional costs to ensure we remain in compliance.

The retail food industry in which we operate is highly competitive.

The retail food industry in which we operate is highly competitive with respect to price and quality of food products, new product development, price, advertising levels and promotional initiatives, customer service, reputation, restaurant location, and attractiveness and maintenance of properties.  If consumer or dietary preferences change, or our restaurants are unable to compete successfully with other retail food outlets in new and existing markets, our business could be adversely affected.  We also face growing competition as a result of convergence in grocery, deli and restaurant services, including the offering by the grocery industry of convenient meals, including pizzas and entrees with side dishes.  In addition, in the retail food industry, labor is a primary operating cost component.  Competition for qualified employees could also require us to pay higher wages to attract a sufficient number of employees, which could adversely impact our margins.

15