– If we fail to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.

Competition

The orthopedics and broader musculoskeletal care industry is highly competitive. In the global markets for our knees, hips, and S.E.T. products, our major competitors include the DePuy Synthes Companies of Johnson & Johnson, Stryker Corporation and Smith & Nephew plc. There are smaller competitors in these product categories as well who have success by focusing on smaller subsegments of the industry.

Competition within the industry is primarily based on technology, innovation, quality, reputation, customer service and pricing. A key factor in our continuing success in the future will be our ability to develop new products and technologies and improve existing products and technologies.

Manufacturing and Raw Materials

We manufacture our products at various sites. We also strategically outsource some manufacturing to qualified suppliers who are highly capable of producing components.

The manufacturing operations at our facilities are designed to incorporate the cellular concept for production and to implement tenets of a manufacturing philosophy focused on continuous improvement efforts in product quality, lead time reduction and capacity optimization. Our continuous improvement efforts are driven by Lean and Six Sigma methodologies. In addition, at certain of our manufacturing facilities, many of the employees are cross-trained to perform a broad array of operations.

We generally target operating our manufacturing facilities at optimal levels of total capacity. We continually evaluate the potential to in‑source and outsource production as part of our manufacturing strategy to provide value to our stakeholders.

In most of our manufacturing network, we have improved our manufacturing processes to harmonize and optimize our quality systems and to protect our profitability and offset the impact of inflationary costs. We have, for example, employed computer-assisted robots and multi-axis grinders to precision polish medical devices; automated certain manufacturing and inspection processes, including on-machine inspection and process controls; purchased state-of-the-art equipment; in-sourced core products and processes; and negotiated cost reductions from third-party suppliers.

We use a diverse and broad range of raw materials in the manufacturing of our products. We purchase all of our raw materials and select components used in manufacturing our products from external suppliers. In addition, we purchase some supplies from single sources for reasons of quality assurance, sole source availability, cost effectiveness or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements. We work closely with our suppliers to assure continuity of supply while maintaining high quality and reliability. To date, we have not experienced any significant difficulty in locating and obtaining the materials necessary to fulfill our production schedules.

Intellectual Property

Patents and other proprietary rights are important to the continued success of our business. We also rely upon trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovation and licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our competitive position. We protect our proprietary rights through a variety of methods, including confidentiality agreements and proprietary information agreements with suppliers, employees, consultants and others who may have access to proprietary information. We own or control through licensing arrangements over 6,000 issued patents and patent applications throughout the world that relate to aspects of the technology incorporated in many of our products.

9

Human Capital

As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 18,000 employees worldwide, including approximately 2,100 employees dedicated to research and development. Approximately 8,000 employees are located within the U.S. and approximately 10,000 employees are located outside of the U.S., primarily throughout Europe and in Japan and China. We have approximately 7,600 employees dedicated to manufacturing our products worldwide.

Our mission is to alleviate pain and improve the quality of life for people around the world. Our commitment to patients shapes all day-to-day decisions at Zimmer Biomet. To be able to accomplish our mission, we have established guiding principles. These guiding principles are central to our human capital management policies and practices. The guiding principles are:

•
Respect the contributions and perspectives of all employees

•
Commit to the highest standards of patient safety, quality and integrity

•
Focus our resources in areas where we will make a difference

•
Ensure the company’s return is equivalent to the value we provide our customers and patients

•
Give back to our communities and people in need.

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

We believe that each of us as individuals can drive change every day. We remain wholly committed to creating, supporting and celebrating diverse and equal workplaces and communities. Together, we will continue to foster and embrace diversity and inclusion within our team and our communities, and commit our voices and our resources to community groups, business platforms and other organizations united to driving meaningful change and sustained improvement.

We believe that representation matters. As of December 31, 2022, women made up approximately 35 percent of our total employee population, and approximately 25 percent of positions at Director level and above. People of Color (“POC”) made up approximately 23 percent of our total employee population in the U.S., and comprised approximately 15 percent of positions at Director level and above. We have established 2026 representation goals for women and POC at all levels of the organization, guided by internal data and external benchmarking.

Core to our values is our commitment to stand together against hatred, discrimination and injustice, and we advance these values through our actions and investments. With this in mind, we have committed to the following initiatives to drive and accelerate change both within our own organization and around the globe. We have shared these commitments publicly and are tracking our progress against them:

•
Engage our 18,000 global employees in cultural awareness and inclusion programming;

•
Invest $1 million and provide executive sponsorship to support ongoing programs and elevate the impact of our employee resource groups;

•
Commit at least $5 million over five years through the Zimmer Biomet Foundation to non-profit organizations dedicated to combating racism and supporting diversity, equality and justice. The Zimmer Biomet Foundation is an independent, non-profit organization established in 2018 to address the needs of our global community;

•
Match, through the Zimmer Biomet Foundation, employee financial contributions to non-profit organizations, including those dedicated to combating racism and supporting diversity, equality and justice;

•
Expand our student and early career internship programs to attract and develop more Black leaders; and

•
Continue our financial support of Movement is Life, Inc., a nonprofit multidisciplinary coalition seeking to eliminate racial, ethnic and gender disparities in muscle and joint health.

10

Employee Engagement

We value our employees’ input and to that end, from time to time, we conduct comprehensive employee engagement surveys that ultimately inform our actions towards improving employee engagement. Surveys attempt to assess five drivers of engagement including purpose, culture, leadership, personal growth and belonging. The key results of surveys, and commensurate action plans, are shared with our Board of Directors and with our employee base. Employee engagement is the degree to which employees invest their cognitive, emotional, and behavioral energies toward positive organizational outcomes. While we strive for engagement scores to sequentially improve, the outcomes of the surveys can be influenced by many factors that are internal and external to the company.

We believe it is critical to keep our employees engaged through frequent and transparent communication. This is accomplished through town halls, video and written messages, news and recognition on our intranet site, and various other methods.

Health, Safety and Wellness

The physical and mental health, financial wellbeing, and work/life balance of our employees is vital to accomplishing our mission. We sponsor wellness programs designed to enhance physical, financial and mental wellbeing for our employees. We encourage participation in these programs through regular communications, educational sessions and other incentives.

We are also intensely focused on the health and safety of our team members in the workplace. Our environmental, health and safety team constantly monitors various metrics to ensure we are providing a safe environment in which to work. In 2022, our Total Recordable Incident Rate was 0.29 and our Lost Time Incident Rate was 0.11. These results are shared with relevant regulatory agencies as required and presented to our Board of Directors.

Cybersecurity

We have established a cybersecurity program intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our systems, data and products in a manner consistent with industry best practices and the NIST Cybersecurity framework. We are currently ISO 27001 certified for our surgery planning ecosystem and continue to maintain this industry certification while expanding its scope. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors receives cybersecurity updates at least quarterly. The Audit Committee considers cybersecurity risk individually and within our overall risk management framework. We obtain periodic assessments of our cybersecurity program from independent third-party experts, the results of which assessments are reported to our Audit Committee. Our Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”) leads our cybersecurity program through our global information security operations team. Our CISO reports to our Chief Information Officer, who in turn reports to our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer.

Under our program, cybersecurity issues are analyzed by subject matter experts, including in IT, risk and compliance, for potential financial, operational, legal, reputational and other risks, based on, among other factors, the nature of the matter and the potential breadth of impact. Matters involving potential data breaches are considered against applicable data breach notification requirements. Matters determined to present potential material impacts to our financial results, operations, and/or reputation are required to be immediately reported to the Audit Committee, as appropriate, in accordance with our escalation framework. In addition, we have established procedures providing that members of management responsible for overseeing the operation of our disclosure controls and procedures are informed in a timely manner of known cybersecurity risks and incidents that may materially impact our operations and that timely public disclosure is made, as appropriate. 

Our cybersecurity program includes a variety of policies, procedures and attributes including training requirements, threat monitoring and detection, threat containment, risk assessments, third-party penetration testing and security requirements for third-party vendors. From time to time, the program adds new types of artificial intelligence and machine learning processes, techniques and procedures in an effort to combat evolving and adaptive cybersecurity threats. Our global cybersecurity program involves strict separation of duties from other IT functional areas and has established roles that define the responsibility of cybersecurity within our organization. Our global cybersecurity team has a process to address organizational risk through an IT risk committee to evaluate and determine the best approach to mitigate the risk internally and externally. We maintain business continuity, contingency and recovery plans to be used if we experience a cybersecurity incident. We refine our cybersecurity procedures, policies and

11

program based on a variety of factors including lessons learned from previous successful and unsuccessful cyber attacks. Like other large multi-national corporations, we have experienced instances of successful phishing attacks on our email systems and expect to be subject to similar attacks in the future. We also are subject to other cyber-attacks, including state-sponsored cyberattacks, industrial espionage, insider threats, computer denial-of-service attacks, computer viruses, ransomware and other malware, payment fraud or other cyber incidents. However, as of December 31, 2022, we had not yet detected any material information security breaches. Based on our cybersecurity program, we do not maintain dedicated cybersecurity insurance as of December 31, 2022. We continue to evaluate our cybersecurity posture for any changes that could affect the long-term organizational strategy and adjust it based on threats globally. Additional information regarding cybersecurity risks may be found in 
Item 1A. Risk Factors - We are increasingly dependent on sophisticated information technology and if we fail to effectively maintain or protect our information systems or data, including from data breaches, our business could be adversely affected
.

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our executive officers as of February 15, 2023.

 Name

Age

Position

 Bryan Hanson

56

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

 Rachel Ellingson

53

Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer

 Chad Phipps

51

Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

 Paul Stellato

48

Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer

 Ivan Tornos

47

Chief Operating Officer

 Suketu Upadhyay

53

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

 Wilfred van Zuilen

53

President, Europe, Middle East and Africa

 Lori Winkler

61

Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer

 Sang Yi

60

President, Asia Pacific

Mr. Hanson
 was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors in December 2017. He was subsequently named Chairman of the Board of Directors in May 2021. Previously, Mr. Hanson served as Executive Vice President and President, Minimally Invasive Therapies Group of Medtronic plc from January 2015 until joining Zimmer Biomet. Prior to that, he was Senior Vice President and Group President, Covidien of Covidien plc from October 2014 to January 2015; Senior Vice President and Group President, Medical Devices and United States of Covidien from October 2013 to September 2014; Senior Vice President and Group President of Covidien for the Surgical Solutions business from July 2011 to October 2013; and President of Covidien’s Energy-based Devices business from July 2006 to June 2011. Mr. Hanson held several other positions of increasing responsibility in sales, marketing and general management with Covidien from October 1992 to July 2006. Mr. Hanson has also served as a member of the board of directors of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. since October 2022.

Ms. Ellingson 
was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer in April 2018 and was designated as an executive officer in January 2021. Prior to joining Zimmer Biomet, Ms. Ellingson served as a member of the executive leadership team of St. Jude Medical in positions of increasing responsibility from 2012 until 2017, most recently as Vice President, Corporate Strategy from 2015 until 2017. Before joining St. Jude Medical, Ms. Ellingson served as Vice President, Business Development and Investor Relations at AGA Medical Corporation. Prior to joining AGA Medical, Ms. Ellingson had more than 15 years of experience in investment banking, rising to the position of Managing Director, Medical Technology Investment Banking with Bank of America. She has served as a member of the board of directors of Biolife Solutions, Inc. since April 2021.

Mr. Phipps
 was appointed Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary in May 2007. He has global responsibility for the Company’s Legal Affairs and he serves as Secretary to the Board of Directors. Mr. Phipps also oversees the Company’s Government Affairs activities. Previously, Mr. Phipps served as Associate General Counsel and Corporate Secretary from December 2005 to May 2007. He joined the Company in September 2003 as Associate Counsel and Assistant Secretary. Prior to joining the Company, he served as Vice President and General Counsel of L&N Sales and Marketing, Inc. in Pennsylvania and he practiced law with the firm of Morgan, Lewis & Bockius in Philadelphia, focusing on corporate and securities law, mergers and acquisitions and financial

12

transactions. Since June 2022, Mr. Phipps has served as a director of Movement is Life, Inc., a 501(c)(3) charity focused on reducing healthcare disparities and for which we are a principal financial donor.

Mr. Stellato 
was appointed Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer in May 2022. Previously, he served as Vice President Finance, Global Business Services from March 2019 through April 2022, with Xylem Inc. (“Xylem”), a global provider of water technology products and services. He joined Xylem upon its spinoff from ITT Corporation (“ITT”) in October 2011 and served as Xylem’s Vice President Finance, Financial Planning and Analysis through August 2017. He was promoted to Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer in August 2017 after serving as Interim Corporate Controller starting in August 2016, and became Vice President Finance, Global Business Services in March 2019. Prior to Xylem’s spinoff from ITT in October 2011, Mr. Stellato served with ITT beginning in May 2003, having served most recently as ITT’s General Auditor and prior to that, as Manager - Investor Relations. He began his career in public accounting with Ernst & Young LLP and Arthur Andersen LLP and is a certified public accountant.

Mr. Tornos 
was

appointed Chief Operating Officer in March 2021. Previously, he served as the Company’s Group President, Global Businesses and the Americas since December 2019 and prior to that as Group President, Orthopedics since joining the Company in November 2018. Prior to joining Zimmer Biomet, Mr. Tornos served as Worldwide President of the Global Urology, Medical and Critical Care Divisions of Becton, Dickinson and Company (“BD”) (and previously, C. R. Bard, Inc. (“Bard”)) from June 2017 until October 2018. From June 2017 until BD’s acquisition of Bard in December 2017, Mr. Tornos also continued to serve as President, EMEA of Bard, a position to which he was appointed in September 2013. Mr. Tornos joined Bard in August 2011 and, prior to his appointment as President, EMEA, served as Vice President and General Manager with leadership responsibility for Bard’s business in Southern Europe, Central Europe and the Emerging Markets Region of the Middle East and Africa. Before joining Bard, Mr. Tornos served as Vice President and General Manager of the Americas Pharmaceutical and Medical/Imaging Segments of Covidien International from April 2009 to August 2011. Before that, he served as International Vice President, Business Development and Strategy with Baxter International Inc. from July 2008 to April 2009 and, prior to that, Mr. Tornos spent 11 years with Johnson & Johnson in positions of increasing responsibility. He has also served as a member of the board of directors at PHC Holdings Corporation since September 2021.

Mr. Upadhyay
 was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in July 2019. Prior to joining Zimmer Biomet, Mr. Upadhyay served as Senior Vice President, Global Financial Operations at Bristol-Myers Squibb Company from November 2016 until June 2019. Before joining Bristol-Myers Squibb, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Endo International plc from September 2013 to November 2016. Prior to his tenure at Endo International, Mr. Upadhyay served as Interim Chief Financial Officer as well as Senior Vice President of Finance, Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer of BD. Prior to his role as BD’s Interim Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Controller, Mr. Upadhyay was the Senior Vice President of Global Financial Planning and Analysis and also held the role of Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of BD’s international business. Before joining BD in 2010, Mr. Upadhyay held a number of leadership roles across AstraZeneca PLC and Johnson & Johnson. Mr. Upadhyay spent the early part of his career in public accounting with KPMG. He has also served as a member of the board of directors of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated since May 2022.

Mr.

van Zuilen 
was appointed President, Europe, Middle East and Africa in June 2021. Prior to joining Zimmer Biomet, Mr. van Zuilen served in various roles for Medtronic plc, including as Vice President, North Western Europe from October 2020 to May 2021, as Vice President, Restorative Therapies Group EMEA from February 2017 through September 2020, and as Vice President, Advanced Surgical Technologies Europe, Surgical Solution Group, from October 2011 through January 2017. He served in other roles of increasing responsibility with Medtronic plc through January 1998. Before joining Medtronic, he spent more than five years in medical sales, most recently with Baxter BV (Edwards Lifesciences).

Ms. Winkler
 joined Zimmer Biomet as Group Vice President of Human Resources in February 2020 and was appointed Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer in February 2021. Prior to joining Zimmer Biomet, she served Cardinal Health, Inc. as a Worldwide Vice President of Human Resources in the Medical Segment from November 2016 through January 2020. Before joining Cardinal Health, Ms. Winkler served more than 20 years with Johnson and Johnson, including its subsidiary companies DePuy and Cordis, most recently as Global Head, Human Resources Global Finance from April 2011 through November 2016. She has served as an independent voting member of the board of directors of Family Promise, Inc., a 501(c)(3) charity focused on housing and homelessness, since August 2022.

13

Mr. Yi 
was appointed President, Asia Pacific in June 2015. He is responsible for the sales, marketing and distribution of products, services and solutions in the Asia Pacific region. Mr. Yi joined the Company in March 2013 as Senior Vice President, Asia Pacific. Previously, he served as Vice President and General Manager of St. Jude Medical for Asia Pacific and Australia from 2005 to 2013. Prior to that, Mr. Yi held several leadership positions over a ten-year period with Boston Scientific Corporation, ultimately serving as Vice President for North Asia.

AVAILABLE INFORMATION

Our Internet address is www.zimmerbiomet.com. We routinely post important information for investors on our website in the “Investor Relations” section, which may be accessed from our homepage at www.zimmerbiomet.com or directly at https://investor.zimmerbiomet.com. We use this website as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor the Investor Relations section of our website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls, presentations and webcasts. Our goal is to maintain the Investor Relations website as a portal through which investors can easily find or navigate to pertinent information about us, free of charge, including:

•
our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“Exchange Act”), as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file that material with or furnish it to the SEC; 

•
announcements of investor conferences and events at which our executives talk about our products and competitive strategies, as well as archives of these events; 

•
press releases on quarterly earnings, product announcements, legal developments and other material news that we may post from time to time; 

•
corporate governance information including our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Code of Ethics for Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers, information concerning our Board of Directors and its committees, including the charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation and Management Development Committee, Corporate Governance Committee and Quality, Regulatory and Technology Committee, and other governance-related policies; 

•
stockholder services information, including ways to contact our transfer agent and information on how to sign up for direct deposit of dividends or enroll in our dividend reinvestment plan; and

•
opportunities to sign up for email alerts and RSS feeds to have information provided in real time. 

The information available on our website is not incorporated by reference in, or a part of, this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC.

Item 1A. Ris
k Factors

We operate in a rapidly changing economic and technological environment that presents numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be impacted by a number of factors. In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report, the following risks and uncertainties could materially harm our business, financial condition or results of operations, including causing our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. The following list of significant risk factors is not all-inclusive or necessarily in order of importance. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, also may materially adversely affect us in future periods. You should carefully consider these risks and uncertainties before investing in our securities.

Risks Related to our Business, Operations and Strategy

Business and economic conditions, including disruptions related to the COVID-19 pandemic, have adversely impacted, and may, either alone or in combination with other risks, in the future adversely impact, our business, results of operations and financial condition, the nature and extent of which are uncertain and unpredictable.

Our operations expose us to risks from business interruptions that may arise from a variety of sources, including public health crises and outbreaks of diseases, such as the COVID-19 pandemic and its variants, supply chain

14

disruptions, trade and tariff disputes and global conflicts, that can, singly or in combination with other factors, adversely affect our business and financial results. We experienced a sustained decline in elective surgical procedures globally due to the COVID-19 pandemic and its associated effects, including deferrals of elective surgical procedures and staffing shortages at hospitals. Surgical volumes generally recovered over the course of 2022, but may return to lower levels due to future COVID-19 variants and resurgences.

We continue to experience risks and uncertainty in several aspects of our business including relating to global, regional and national supply chain disruption; dynamic economic conditions; foreign exchange rate volatility; inflation; workforce availability changes; healthcare staffing challenges and changes in government spending. We expect several of these factors to continue, and there can be no assurance that we will successfully manage these risks without adverse impacts to our business or financial results.

The COVID-19 pandemic has illustrated that the occurrence of one risk can have unpredictable effects on other risks, such as we experienced with supply chain disruptions connected to the COVID-19 pandemic. The occurrence of any one or more risks described in these Risk Factors or otherwise may have unpredictable effects on other risks, our business, operations or financial results which may be comparable to, or more adverse than, those we experienced in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic. Therefore, we are also at risk from business and other risks and uncertainties, either alone or in combination with other risk factors.

Our restructuring programs may not be successful or we may not fully realize the expected cost savings and/or operating efficiencies from our restructuring initiatives.

In December 2019, our Board of Directors approved, and we initiated, a global restructuring program (the “2019 Restructuring Plan”) with an objective of reducing costs to allow us to further invest in higher priority growth opportunities, which is ongoing. In December 2021, our management also initiated a global restructuring program (the “2021 Restructuring Plan”) to further reduce costs and to reorganize our global operations in preparation for the spinoff of ZimVie. Restructuring initiatives involve complex plans and actions that may include, or result in, workforce reductions, global plant closures and/or consolidations, product portfolio rationalizations and asset impairments. Additionally, as a result of restructuring initiatives, we may experience a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge and/or inefficiencies during transitional periods. Restructuring initiatives present significant risks that may impair our ability to achieve anticipated operating enhancements and/or cost reductions, or otherwise harm our business, including higher than anticipated costs in implementing our restructuring programs, as well as management distraction. For more information on our restructuring programs, see Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements. If we fail to achieve some or all of the expected benefits of restructuring, it could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Our success largely depends on our ability to attract, retain, develop and motivate our human capital, including our senior management, and on our ability to have meaningful succession plans in place to prepare for foreseen and unforeseen changes.

Our future performance depends, in large part, on the continued skills, experiences, competencies and services of our senior management and other key talent, including our ability to attract, retain, develop and motivate our highly skilled employees, senior management, independent agents and distributors. Competition for talent in our business is significant. Our ability to attract and retain key talent, in particular senior management, is dependent on a number of factors, including prevailing market conditions, our ability to offer competitive compensation packages and our ability to be perceived as a preferred place to work. Effective succession planning is also important to our long-term success; failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and orderly transitions involving key employees could hinder our business.

We may not be able to effectively integrate acquired businesses into our operations or achieve expected cost savings or profitability from our acquisitions.

Our acquisitions involve numerous risks, including:

•
unforeseen difficulties in integrating personnel and sales forces, operations, manufacturing, logistics, research and development, information technology, compliance, vendor management, communications, purchasing, accounting, marketing, administration and other systems and processes;

•
difficulties harmonizing and optimizing quality systems and operations;

•
diversion of financial and management resources from existing operations;

15

•
unforeseen difficulties related to entering geographic regions or markets where we do not have prior experience;

•
potential loss of key employees;

•
unforeseen risks and liabilities associated with businesses acquired, including any unknown vulnerabilities in acquired technology or compromises of acquired data; and/or

•
inability to generate sufficient revenue or realize sufficient cost savings to offset acquisition or investment costs.

As a result, if we fail to evaluate and execute acquisitions properly, we might not achieve the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions, and we may incur costs in excess of what we anticipate. These risks would likely be greater in the case of larger acquisitions.

Interruption of manufacturing operations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We and our third-party manufacturers have manufacturing sites all over the world. In some instances, however, the manufacturing of certain of our product lines is concentrated in one or more plants, some of which plants are geographically concentrated. Damage to one or more facilities from weather or natural disaster-related events, vulnerabilities in technology, cyber-attacks against our information systems or the information systems of our business partners (such as ransomware attacks), or issues in manufacturing arising from failure to follow specific internal protocols and procedures, compliance concerns relating to the Quality System Regulation (“QSR”) and Good Manufacturing Practice requirements, equipment breakdown or malfunction, reductions in operations and/or worker absences, trade impediments or other factors could adversely affect the ability to manufacture our products. In the event of an interruption in manufacturing, we may be unable to move quickly to alternate means of producing affected products or to meet customer demand. We have experienced such interruptions due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and we may experience such interruptions in the future due to the pandemic or otherwise. In the event of a significant interruption, for example, as a result of a failure to follow regulatory protocols and procedures, we may experience lengthy delays in resuming production of affected products due primarily to the need for regulatory approvals. The global supply chain has been and continues to be negatively impacted by COVID-19 and a variety of other macro factors which has, in part, resulted in challenges to meet end market demand in some instances. We expect similar challenges in 2023. As a result, we may experience loss of market share, which we may be unable to recapture, and harm to our reputation, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Disruptions in the supply of the materials and components used in manufacturing our products or the sterilization of our products by third-party suppliers could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We purchase many of the materials and components used in manufacturing our products from third-party suppliers, and we outsource some key manufacturing activities. Certain of these materials and components and outsourced activities can only be obtained from a single source or a limited number of sources due to quality considerations, expertise, costs or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements. In certain cases, we may not be able to establish additional or replacement suppliers for such materials or components or outsourced activities in a timely or cost effective manner, due to market constraints or as a result of FDA and other worldwide regulations that require validation of materials and components prior to their use in our products and the complex nature of our and many of our suppliers' manufacturing processes and the need for clearance or approval of significant changes by worldwide regulatory bodies prior to implementation. A reduction or interruption in the supply of materials or components used in manufacturing our products, such as due to one or more suppliers experiencing reductions in operations and/or worker absences due to a pandemic or otherwise; an inability to timely develop and validate alternative sources if required; or a significant increase in the price of such materials or components could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

In addition, many of our products require sterilization prior to sale, and we utilize a mix of internal resources and contract sterilizers to perform this service. To the extent we or our contract sterilizers are unable to sterilize our products, whether due to capacity, availability of materials for sterilization, regulatory or other constraints, including federal and state regulations on the use of ethylene oxide, or reductions in operations and/or worker absences due to the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, we may be unable to transition to other contract sterilizers, sterilizer locations or sterilization methods in a timely or cost effective manner or at all, which could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition.

16

Moreover, we are subject to the SEC’s rule regarding disclosure of the use of certain minerals, known as “conflict minerals” (tantalum, tin and tungsten (or their ores) and gold), which are mined from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and adjoining countries. This rule could adversely affect the sourcing, availability and pricing of materials used in the manufacture of our products, which could adversely affect our manufacturing operations and our profitability. In addition, we are incurring additional costs to comply with this rule, including costs related to determining the source of any relevant minerals, metals and other materials used in our products. We have a complex supply chain, and we may not be able to sufficiently verify the origins of the minerals and metals used in our products through our due diligence procedures. As a result, we may face reputational challenges with our customers and other stakeholders.

We are increasingly dependent on sophisticated information technology and if we fail to effectively maintain or protect our information systems or data, including from data breaches, our business could be adversely affected.

We are increasingly dependent on sophisticated information technology for our products and infrastructure. As a result of technology initiatives, expanding and evolving privacy and cybersecurity laws, changes in our system platforms and integration of new business acquisitions, we have been consolidating and integrating the number of systems we operate and have upgraded and expanded our information systems capabilities. In addition, some of our products and services incorporate software or information technology that collects data regarding patients and patient therapy, and some software and other products we provide to customers connect to our systems for maintenance and other purposes. We also have outsourced elements of our operations to third parties, and, as a result, we manage a number of third-party suppliers who may or could have access to our confidential information, including, but not limited to, intellectual property, proprietary business information and personal information of patients, employees and customers (collectively “Confidential Information”).

Our information systems, and those of third-party suppliers with whom we contract, require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards, changing threats and vulnerabilities, and the increasing need to protect patient and customer information. In addition, given their size and complexity, these systems could be vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees, third-party vendors and/or business partners, or from cyber-attacks by malicious third parties attempting to gain unauthorized access to our products, systems or Confidential Information.

Like other large multi-national corporations, we have experienced instances of successful phishing attacks on our email systems and expect to be subject to similar attacks in the future. We also are subject to other cyber-attacks, including state-sponsored cyber-attacks, industrial espionage, insider threats, computer denial-of-service attacks, computer viruses, ransomware and other malware, payment fraud or other cyber incidents. In addition, as a result of our adoption of remote work arrangements in many positions, a significant number of our employees who are able to work remotely are doing so, and malicious cyber actors may increase malware campaigns and phishing emails targeting teleworkers, which exposes us to additional cybersecurity risks. Our incident response efforts, business continuity procedures and disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. If we fail to maintain or protect our information systems and data integrity effectively, we could:

•
lose existing customers, vendors and business partners;

•
have difficulty attracting new customers;

•
have problems in determining product cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing;

•
suffer outages or disruptions in our operations or supply chain;

•
have difficulty preventing, detecting, and controlling fraud;

•
have disputes with customers, physicians, and other healthcare professionals; 

•
have regulatory sanctions or penalties imposed;

•
incur increased operating expenses;

•
be subject to issues with product functionality that may result in a loss of data, risk to patient safety, field actions and/or product recalls;

•
incur expenses or lose revenues as a result of a data privacy breach; or

•
suffer other adverse consequences.

While we have invested heavily in the protection of our data and information technology, there can be no assurance that our activities related to consolidating the number of systems we operate, upgrading and expanding our information systems capabilities, protecting and enhancing our systems and implementing new systems will be

17

successful. We will continue to dedicate significant resources to protect against unauthorized access to our systems and work with government authorities to detect and reduce the risk of future cyber incidents; however, cyber-attacks are becoming more sophisticated, frequent and adaptive. Therefore, despite our efforts, we cannot assure that cyber-attacks or data breaches will not occur or that systems issues will not arise in the future. Any significant breakdown, intrusion, breach, interruption, corruption or destruction of these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation and could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

Our success depends on our ability to effectively develop and market our products against those of our competitors.

We operate in a highly competitive environment. Our present or future products could be rendered obsolete or uneconomical by technological advances by one or more of our present or future competitors or by other therapies, including biological therapies. To remain competitive, we must continue to develop and acquire new products and technologies and improve existing products and technologies. Competition is primarily on the basis of technology, innovation, quality, reputation, customer service and pricing. In markets outside of the U.S., other factors influence competition as well, including local distribution systems, complex regulatory environments and differing medical philosophies and product preferences. Our competition may have greater financial, marketing and other resources than us; respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies; undertake more extensive marketing campaigns; operate more effective sales and distribution channels; adopt more aggressive pricing policies; or be more successful in attracting potential customers, employees and strategic partners. Any of these factors, alone or in combination, could cause us to have difficulty maintaining or increasing sales of our products.

If we fail to retain the employees, independent agents and distributors upon whom we rely heavily to market our products, customers may not buy our products and our revenue and profitability may decline.

Our marketing success in the U.S. and abroad depends significantly upon our employees’, agents’ and distributors’ sales and service expertise in the marketplace. Many of these agents have developed professional relationships with existing and potential customers because of the agents’ detailed knowledge of products and instruments. A loss of a significant number of our agents could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

If we do not introduce new products in a timely manner, our products may become obsolete over time, customers may not buy our products and our revenue and profitability may decline.

Demand for our products may change, in certain cases, in ways we may not anticipate because of evolving customer needs, changing demographics, slowing industry growth rates, declines in the musculoskeletal implant market, the introduction of new products and technologies and evolving surgical philosophies and industry standards.

Without the timely introduction of new products and enhancements, our products may become obsolete over time. If that happens, our revenue and operating results would suffer. The success of our new product offerings will depend on several factors, including our ability to properly identify and anticipate customer needs; commercialize new products in a timely manner; manufacture and deliver instruments and products in sufficient volumes on time; differentiate our offerings from competitors’ offerings; achieve positive clinical outcomes for new products; satisfy the increased demands by healthcare payors, providers and patients for shorter hospital stays, faster post-operative recovery and lower-cost procedures; innovate and develop new materials, product designs and surgical techniques; and provide adequate medical education relating to new products.

In addition, new materials, product designs and surgical techniques that we develop may not be accepted quickly, in some or all markets, because of, among other factors, entrenched patterns of clinical practice, the need for regulatory clearance and uncertainty with respect to third-party reimbursement.

Moreover, innovations generally require a substantial investment in research and development before we can determine their commercial viability, and we may not have the financial resources necessary to fund the research, development and production. In addition, even if we are able to successfully develop enhancements or new generations of our products, these enhancements or new generations of products may not produce revenue in excess of the costs of development and they may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences or the introduction by our competitors of products embodying new technologies or features.

If third-party payors decline to reimburse our customers for our products or reduce reimbursement levels, the demand for our products may decline and our ability to sell our products profitably may be harmed. In addition,

18

we are subject to cost containment measures in the United States and other countries, resulting in pricing pressures, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and cash flows.

We sell our products and services to hospitals, doctors and other healthcare providers, which receive reimbursement for the healthcare services provided to their patients from third-party payors, such as domestic and international government programs, private insurance plans and managed care programs. These third-party payors may deny reimbursement if they determine that a product or service used in a procedure was not in accordance with cost-effective treatment methods, as determined by the third-party payor, or was used for an unapproved indication. Third-party payors may also decline to reimburse for experimental procedures and products. In addition, third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for medical products and services. If third-party payors deny or decline reimbursement, reduce reimbursement levels or change reimbursement models for our products, demand for our products may decline, or we may experience increased pressure to reduce the prices of our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations.

Many customers for our products have formed group purchasing organizations in an effort to contain costs. Group purchasing organizations negotiate pricing arrangements with medical supply manufacturers and distributors, and these negotiated prices are made available to a group purchasing organization’s affiliated hospitals and other members. If we are not one of the providers selected by a group purchasing organization, affiliated hospitals and other members may be less likely to purchase our products, and, if the group purchasing organization has negotiated a strict compliance contract for another manufacturer’s products, we may be precluded from making sales to members of the group purchasing organization for the duration of the contractual arrangement. Our failure to respond to the cost-containment efforts of group purchasing organizations may cause us to lose market share to our competitors and could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations.

Initiatives to limit the growth of general healthcare expenses and hospital costs are ongoing in the markets in which we do business, and we have experienced downward pressure on product pricing and other effects of healthcare reform in our international markets. These initiatives are sponsored by government agencies, legislative bodies and the private sector and include price regulation and competitive pricing. For example, China has implemented a volume-based procurement (“VBP”) process designed to reduce medical spending, which has in the past resulted in, and could in the future result in, reduced margins on covered devices and products, required renegotiation of distributor arrangements, and incurrence of inventory-related charges. In cases where our product is not selected in VBP, sales of that product are substantially impacted. Pricing pressure has also increased due to continued consolidation among healthcare providers, trends toward managed care, the shift toward governments becoming the primary payors of healthcare expenses, reductions in reimbursement levels and government laws and regulations relating to reimbursement and pricing generally. If key participants in government healthcare systems reduce the reimbursement levels for our products, including through political changes or transitions, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected.

Financial, Credit and Liquidity Risks

We incurred substantial additional indebtedness in connection with previous mergers and acquisitions and may not be able to meet all of our debt obligations, and interest rate risk could adversely affect our indebtedness.

We incurred substantial additional indebtedness in connection with previous mergers and acquisitions. At December 31, 2022, our total indebtedness was $5.7 billion. As of December 31, 2022, our debt service principal obligations (excluding interest, leases and equipment notes), during the next 12 months are expected to be $0.5 billion. As a result of the increase in our debt, demands on our cash resources have increased. The increased level of debt could, among other things:

•
require us to dedicate a large portion of our cash flow from operations to the servicing and repayment of our debt, thereby reducing funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, research and development expenditures and other general corporate requirements;

•
limit our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, research and development expenditures and other general corporate requirements;

•
limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate;

•
restrict our ability to make strategic acquisitions or dispositions or to exploit business opportunities;

•
place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt;

19

•
adversely affect our credit rating, with the result that the cost of servicing our indebtedness might increase and our ability to obtain surety bonds could be impaired;

•
adversely affect the market price of our common stock; and

•
limit our ability to apply proceeds from a future offering or asset sale to purposes other than the servicing and repayment of debt.

In addition, the interest rates applicable to certain of our debt obligations are based on a fluctuating rate of interest determined by reference to the Secure Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) or the rate of interest last quoted by 
The Wall Street Journal
 as the “Prime Rate” in the United States. Any increase in interest rates applicable to our debt obligations would increase our cost of borrowing and could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

We may have additional tax liabilities.

We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and many foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of an audit or litigation could have a material effect on our financial statements in the period or periods for which that determination is made.

Proposed changes in tax laws in countries in which we do business, if enacted, could lead to changes in tax laws that could negatively impact our effective tax rate.

Changes in the tax laws and regulations of the jurisdictions where we do business, including an increase in tax rates or an adverse change in the treatment of an item of income or expense, could result in a material increase in our tax expense and/or tax payments, could increase tax uncertainty and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

For example, changes in the tax laws of foreign jurisdictions are expected to occur as a result of pillar two of the base erosion and profit shifting plan (“Pillar Two”) undertaken by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, which would require profits earned in jurisdictions in which we operate to be subject to a minimum 15 percent income tax rate. In December 2022, the European Union Council established effective dates of January 1, 2024 and January 1, 2025 for different aspects of Pillar Two. We are continuing to evaluate the potential impact on future periods of the Pillar Two, pending legislative adoption by additional individual countries, including those within the European Union.

The spinoff of ZimVie Inc. and the divestiture of our retained interest in ZimVie Inc. could result in substantial tax liability.

We obtained Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) rulings and an opinion as to the tax-free nature of the spinoff under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. We subsequently obtained supplemental IRS rulings as to the tax-free nature of our divestiture of retained shares of ZimVie common stock following the spinoff, which divestiture completed in February 2023. The IRS rulings and opinion are based, among other things, on various factual assumptions and representations we made. If any of these assumptions or representations are, or become, inaccurate or incomplete, reliance on the opinion and rulings may be jeopardized. If the spinoff, or the subsequent divestiture of our retained interest in ZimVie, does not qualify for tax-free treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the resulting tax liability to us, to our stockholders and to ZimVie stockholders could be substantial.

If our independent agents and distributors are characterized as employees, we would be subject to additional tax and other liabilities.

We structure our relationships with independent agents and distributors in a manner that we believe results in an independent contractor relationship, not an employee relationship. Although we believe that our independent agents and distributors are properly characterized as independent contractors, tax or other regulatory authorities may in the future challenge our characterization of these relationships. Further, we have been subject to lawsuits challenging

20

the characterization of these relationships. Changes in classification from independent contractor to employee can result in a change to various requirements associated with the payment of wages, tax withholding, and the provision of unemployment, health, and other traditional employer-employee related benefits. If regulatory authorities or state, federal or foreign courts were to determine our independent agents or distributors are employees, and not independent contractors, we would be required to withhold income taxes, to withhold and pay social security, Medicare and similar taxes and to pay unemployment and other related payroll taxes. We would also be liable for unpaid past taxes and subject to penalties. As a result, any determination that our independent agents and distributors are our employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Future material impairments in the carrying value of our intangible assets, including goodwill, would negatively affect our operating results.

Goodwill and intangible assets represent a significant portion of our assets. At December 31, 2022, we had $8.6 billion in goodwill and $5.1 billion of intangible assets. The goodwill results from our acquisition activity and represents the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired. We assess at least annually whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of our intangible assets may not be recoverable. As discussed further in Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements, in the fourth quarter of 2022, we recorded goodwill impairment charges of $289.8 million as a result of, among other factors, changes in foreign currency exchange rates in our European-based currencies, inflation and a higher interest rate environment; in the first quarter of 2020, we recorded goodwill impairment charges of $470.0 million as a result of the adverse impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic and a change in our reportable segments; and in the second quarter of 2022 and 2021, we recorded $3.0 million and $16.3 million, respectively, of in-process research and development (“IPR&D”) intangible asset impairments on certain IPR&D projects. If the operating performance at one or more of our reporting units falls significantly below current levels, including if elective surgical procedures return to lower levels due to a resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, if competing or alternative technologies emerge, if market conditions or future cash flow estimates for one or more of our businesses decline, or as a result of restructuring initiatives pursuant to which we reorganize our reporting units, we could be required to record additional impairment charges. Any write-off of a material portion of our goodwill or unamortized intangible assets would negatively affect our results of operations.

Global Operational Risks

We conduct a significant amount of our sales activity outside of the U.S., which subjects us to additional business risks and may cause our profitability to decline due to increased costs.

We sell our products in more than 100 countries and derived approximately 42 percent of our net sales in 2022 from outside the U.S. We intend to continue to pursue growth opportunities in sales internationally, including in emerging markets, which could expose us to additional risks associated with international sales and operations. Our international operations are, and will continue to be, subject to a number of risks and potential costs, including:

•
changes in foreign medical reimbursement policies and programs;

•
differences in and changes to foreign regulatory requirements, such as more stringent requirements for regulatory clearance of products;

•
differing local product preferences and product requirements;

•
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 

•
the effects of inflation, including the effects of different rates of inflation in different countries, on our costs and the costs of our products;

•
diminished protection of intellectual property in some countries outside of the U.S.;

•
trade protection measures, import or export requirements, new or increased tariffs, trade embargoes and sanctions and other trade barriers, which may prevent us from shipping products to or receiving products from a particular market, restrict our access to certain sources of raw materials and other inputs, increase our operating costs and disrupt our ability to collect payment for our products and services in particular markets;

•
foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned in countries outside the U.S.;

•
complex data privacy and cybersecurity requirements and labor relations laws;

•
extraterritorial effects of U.S. laws such as the FCPA;

21

•
effects of foreign anti-corruption laws, such as the UK Bribery Act;

•
difficulty in staffing and managing foreign operations;

•
labor force instability;

•
potentially negative consequences from changes in tax laws; and

•
political, social and economic instability and uncertainty, including wars, other conflict and sovereign debt issues.

Violations of foreign laws or regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and damage to our reputation.

Wars and other conflicts may increase certain of these risks and may adversely affect our business and financial performance, including by limiting our ability to operate in, or export from, certain markets. Losing access to such markets or exports may have a material adverse effect on our business in the affected market and may limit our ability to operate some of our businesses globally.

We anticipate that the effects of emerging, expanding and new conflicts, such as a possible expansion of the Russian-Ukrainian conflict or a conflict involving China and Taiwan, would not be limited to the specific markets involved. For example, the U.S. and other countries have imposed sanctions on Russia, certain of its governmental bodies, certain businesses and certain individuals due to the invasion of Ukraine, and additional sanctions may continue to be imposed. Similar sanctions could be expected to emerge from other conflicts. Sanctions, and other civil, political and economic effects of such conflicts may have adverse impacts globally, including supply chain continuity disruption; inflationary pressures and increased costs of raw materials and inputs; manufacturing or shipping delays; increased shipping costs; inability to ship products to or from certain countries potentially resulting in an inability to sell certain products globally; and increased disruptions and delays on our ability to collect payment for our products and services in particular markets. While Russia and Ukraine do not constitute material portions of our business, a significant escalation or expansion of economic disruption or of the conflict’s current scope, or the emergence of new conflicts involving other countries, could adversely affect our results of operations.

We are subject to risks arising from currency exchange rate fluctuations, which can increase our costs, cause our profitability to decline and expose us to counterparty risks.

A substantial portion of our foreign revenues is generated in Europe and Japan. The U.S. Dollar value of our foreign-generated revenues varies with currency exchange rate fluctuations. Significant increases in the value of the U.S. Dollar relative to the Euro, the Japanese Yen, the Swiss Franc or other currencies could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Although we address currency risk management through regular operating and financing activities, and, on a limited basis, through the use of derivative financial instruments, those actions may not prove to be fully effective or may create additional financial obligations for us. Further, if the counterparties to the derivative financial instrument transactions fail to honor their obligations due to financial distress or otherwise, we would be exposed to potential losses or the inability to recover anticipated gains from those transactions.

Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks

We are subject to costly and complex laws and governmental regulations relating to the development, design, product standards, packaging, advertising, promotion, postmarket surveillance,

manufacturing, labeling and marketing of our products, non-compliance with which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our global regulatory environment is increasingly stringent, unpredictable and complex. The products we design, develop, manufacture and market are subject to rigorous regulation by the FDA and numerous other supranational, national, federal, regional, state and local governmental authorities. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and clearances to market these products can be costly and time consuming and approvals might not be granted for future products on a timely basis, if at all. Delays in receipt of, or failure to obtain, approvals for future products, or loss of approval for current products, could result in delayed realization of product revenues or in substantial additional costs.

Both before and after a product is commercially released, we have ongoing responsibilities under FDA regulations and other supranational, national, federal, regional, state and local requirements globally. These requirements relate to quality systems, recordkeeping, labeling, promotional requirements, adverse event reporting regulations and other matters, which are subject to continual review and are monitored rigorously through periodic inspections by regulators, which may result in observations (such as on FDA Form 483), and in some cases warning letters, that

22

require corrective action, or other forms of enforcement. Furthermore, regulators strictly regulate the promotional claims that we may make about approved or cleared products.

In the EU, for example, the EU MDR became effective in May 2021 and includes significant additional premarket and post-market requirements. Complying with the requirements of this regulation requires us to incur significant expense. Additionally, the availability of recognized European notified body services certified to the new EU MDR requirements is limited, which may delay the marketing approval for some of our products under the EU MDR.

If a regulator were to conclude that we are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, that any of our products are ineffective or pose an unreasonable health risk, or that we have marketed or promoted a product for use other than as indicated in labelling approved by the regulator, the regulator could ban such products; detain or seize adulterated or misbranded products; order a recall, repair, replacement, or refund of payment of such products; refuse to grant pending premarket approval applications; refuse to provide certificates for exports; require us to notify healthcare professionals and others that the products present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to the public health; and subject us to fines, injunctions or other penalties. The regulator may also impose operating restrictions, including a ceasing of operations at one or more facilities, enjoining and restraining certain violations of applicable law pertaining to our products, seizing our products, and/or assessing civil or criminal penalties against our officers, employees or us. Regulators could also issue a corporate warning letter or a recidivist warning letter or negotiate the entry of a consent decree of permanent injunction with us, and/or recommend prosecution. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict us from effectively manufacturing, marketing and selling our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

In August 2018, we received a warning letter from the FDA related to observed non-conformities with current good manufacturing practice requirements of the QSR at our Warsaw North Campus manufacturing facility. As of February 24, 2023, this warning letter remained pending. Until the violations are corrected, we may become subject to additional regulatory action by the FDA as described above, the FDA may refuse to grant premarket approval applications and/or the FDA may refuse to grant export certificates, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additional information regarding these and other FDA regulatory matters can be found in Note 21 to our consolidated financial statements.

Our products and operations are also often subject to the rules of industrial standards bodies, such as the International Standards Organization. If we fail to adequately address any of these regulations, our business could be harmed.

If we fail to comply with healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.

The sales, marketing and pricing of products and relationships that medical products companies have with healthcare providers are under increased scrutiny around the world. Our industry is subject to various laws and regulations pertaining to healthcare fraud and abuse, including the False Claims Act, the Anti-Kickback Statute, the Stark law, the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and similar laws and regulations in the U.S. and around the world. In addition, we are subject to various laws concerning anti-corruption and anti-bribery matters (including the FCPA), sales to countries or persons subject to economic sanctions and other matters affecting our international operations. Violations of these laws are punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including, in some instances, fines, imprisonment and, within the U.S., exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, including Medicare, Medicaid and Veterans Administration health programs. These laws are administered by, among others, the DOJ, the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, the SEC, the OFAC, the Bureau of Industry and Security of the U.S. Department of Commerce and state attorneys general.

If we fail to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.

We process personal and personal health data in our business, particularly through our ZBEdge
TM
 ecosystem, our suite of integrated digital and robotic technologies, incorporating data-powered insights across the continuum of care. In addition, some of our products and services incorporate software or information technology that processes health data regarding patients and patient therapy for treatment, health care, maintenance and other purposes. Further, we obtain and process personal data related to our employees, individual business partners (such as physicians and consultants), and website visitors located around the world. These data and information-focused activities carry additional risk.

23

We are subject to supranational, national, state and international data privacy and security laws and regulations that govern the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, storage, location, disposal and protection of health-related and other personal information. In addition to U.S. federal laws and regulations, a number of U.S. states have also enacted data privacy and security laws and regulations that govern the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, storage, disposal, and protection of personal information, such as social security numbers, medical and financial information, biometric data and other personal information. The FDA has issued guidance to which we may be subject concerning data security for medical devices. These laws and regulations may be more restrictive and not preempted by U.S. federal laws. The legislative and regulatory framework for privacy and data protection issues worldwide is rapidly evolving as countries continue to adopt privacy and data security laws that may apply to us, both because our operations are located in those countries and/or because we provide services to customers in those countries. In addition, certain of our affiliates and associates are subject to privacy, security and breach notification regulations established under these and other international, national, state and foreign laws. We, and certain of our affiliates and associates, are also subject to reporting requirements relating to certain data and other breaches.

The interpretation and enforcement of the laws and regulations described above are uncertain and subject to change, and may require substantial costs to monitor and implement compliance with any additional requirements. In addition, new and more stringent multinational, national and state privacy legislation and regulations may be adopted in 2023 and beyond. We cannot predict all the jurisdictions in which new legislation, regulation or enforcement might arise, the scope of such legislation, regulation and enforcement, or the potential impact to our business and operations of any such changes. Failure to comply with U.S. and international data protection laws and regulations, and the disclosure of any data or related breach, could result in government enforcement actions (which could include substantial civil and/or criminal penalties and injunctive relief), private litigation and/or adverse publicity and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Pending and future product liability claims and litigation could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations and impair our reputation.

Our business exposes us to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the design, manufacture and marketing of medical devices. In the ordinary course of business, we are the subject of product liability lawsuits alleging that component failures, manufacturing flaws, design defects or inadequate disclosure of product-related risks or product-related information resulted in an unsafe condition or injury to patients. As discussed further in Note 21 to our consolidated financial statements, we are defending product liability lawsuits relating to the Durom
®
 Acetabular Component (“Durom Cup”), certain products within the M/L Taper and M/L Taper with Kinectiv
®
 Technology hip stems and Versys
®
 Femoral Head implants, and the M2a-Magnum
TM
 hip system. We are also currently defending a number of other product liability lawsuits and claims related to various other products. Any product liability claim brought against us, with or without merit, can be costly to defend. Product liability lawsuits and claims, safety alerts or product recalls, regardless of their ultimate outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation and on our ability to attract and retain customers.

We are substantially dependent on patent and other proprietary rights, and failing to protect such rights or to be successful in litigation related to our rights or the rights of others may result in our payment of significant monetary damages and/or royalty payments, negatively impact our ability to sell current or future products, or prohibit us from enforcing our patent and other proprietary rights against others.

Claims of intellectual property infringement and litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights are commonplace in our industry and are frequently time consuming and costly. At any given time, we may be involved as either plaintiff or defendant in a number of patent infringement actions, the outcomes of which may not be known for prolonged periods of time. While it is not possible to predict the outcome of patent and other intellectual property litigation, such litigation has in the past resulted in, and could in the future result in, our payment of significant monetary damages and/or royalty payments, negatively impact our ability to sell current or future products, or prohibit us from enforcing our patent and proprietary rights against others, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

Our success depends in part on our proprietary technology, processes, methodologies and information. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property laws and nondisclosure, license, assignment and confidentiality arrangements to establish, maintain and protect our proprietary rights, as well as the intellectual property rights of third parties whose assets we license. However, the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights, and the rights of those from whom we license intellectual property, may not be adequate to prevent unauthorized use, misappropriation or theft of our intellectual property. Further, our currently pending or future patent applications may not result in patents being issued to us, patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future may be challenged or circumvented by competitors, and such patents may

24

be found invalid, unenforceable or insufficiently broad to protect our technology or to provide us with any competitive advantage. Third parties could obtain patents that may require us to negotiate licenses to conduct our business, and the required licenses may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. We also cannot be certain that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information.

In addition, intellectual property laws differ in various jurisdictions in which we operate and are subject to change at any time, which could further restrict our ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. In particular, a portion of our revenues is derived from jurisdictions where adequately protecting intellectual property rights may prove more challenging or impossible. We may also not be able to detect unauthorized uses or take timely and effective steps to remedy unauthorized conduct. To prevent or respond to unauthorized uses of our intellectual property, we might be required to engage in costly and time-consuming litigation or other proceedings and we may not ultimately prevail. Any failure to establish, maintain or protect our intellectual property or proprietary rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.

We are involved in legal proceedings that may result in adverse outcomes.

In addition to intellectual property and product liability claims and lawsuits, we are involved in various commercial and securities litigation and claims and other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Although we believe there are substantial defenses in these matters, litigation and other claims are subject to inherent uncertainties and management’s view of these matters may change in the future. Given the uncertain nature of legal proceedings generally, we are not able in all cases to estimate the amount or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome. We could in the future incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in any particular period.

Risks Related to Our Organizational Documents and Jurisdiction of Incorporation

Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents could delay or prevent a change of control.

Certain provisions of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, our Restated By-Laws and the Delaware General Corporation Law may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, defer or prevent a merger, acquisition, tender offer, takeover attempt or other change of control transaction that a stockholder might consider in its best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by our stockholders.

These provisions provide for, among other things:

•
the ability of our board of directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock without further stockholder action; 

•
advance notice for nominations of directors by stockholders and for stockholders to include matters to be considered at our annual meetings; 

•
certain limitations on convening special stockholder meetings; and

•
the prohibition on engaging in a “business combination” with an “interested stockholder” for three years after the time at which a person became an interested stockholder unless certain conditions are met, as set forth in Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

These anti-takeover provisions could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if the third party’s offer may be considered beneficial by many of our stockholders. As a result, our stockholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares.

Our Restated By-Laws designate certain Delaware courts as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees.

Our Restated By-Laws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, a state court located within the State of Delaware (or, if no state court located in the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) will be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including any beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or our Restated Certificate of Incorporation or our Restated By-Laws, as either may be amended from time to time, or (iv) any action asserting a

25

claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our common stock is deemed to have received notice of and consented to the foregoing provisions. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find this choice of forum provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.