The
following list describes several risk factors which are significant to the Company including but not limited to: 

The Company has been
and could continue to be negatively affected by recent adverse economic conditions. 

The United States and many other
countries recently faced a severe economic crisis, including a major recession which has not yet been resolved. These adverse economic conditions have negatively affected, and are likely to continue for some time to adversely affect, the
Company’s assets, including its loans and securities portfolios, capital levels, results of operations, and financial condition. In response to the economic crisis, the United States and other governments established a variety of programs and
policies designed to mitigate the effects of the crisis. These programs and policies appear to have stabilized the severe financial crisis that occurred in the second half of 2008, but the extent to which these programs and policies will assist in
an economic recovery or may lead to adverse consequences, whether anticipated or unanticipated, is still unclear. If these programs and policies are ineffective in bringing about an economic recovery or result in substantial adverse developments,
the economic conditions may again become more severe, or adverse economic conditions may continue for a substantial period of time. Any increase in the severity or duration of adverse economic conditions or delay in the recovery from them would
adversely affect the Company. 

Our participation in the CPP and other government programs imposes restrictions and obligations on us
that limit our ability to increase dividends, repurchase shares of our stock, and access the equity capital markets. 

The Company has chosen to participate in a number of new programs sponsored by the U.S. Government during the current financial and economic crisis. These programs, including without limitation the TARP and its associated CPP, as well as
the ARRA and EESA and regulations thereunder, contain important limitations on the Company’s conduct of its business, including limitations on dividends, repurchases of common stock, acquisitions, and executive compensation. These limitations
may adversely impact the Company’s ability to attract nongovernmental capital and to recruit and retain executive management and other personnel and its ability to compete with other American and foreign financial institutions. One of these
programs, the CPP, contains provisions that allow the U.S. Government to unilaterally modify any term or provision of contracts executed under the program. 

Legislative and regulatory actions taken now or in the future may have a significant adverse effect on our operations. 

In response to the recent economic crisis, various legislative proposals that would materially restructure the regulatory framework governing
the financial services industry have been introduced or are being considered for introduction in Congress. These proposals include, but are not limited to: 

•

 the establishment of new regulatory bodies with authority over consumer protection and systemic risk; 

•

 the elimination or modification of responsibilities and independence of certain existing regulatory agencies; 

•

 the grant of authority to state agencies to enforce state and federal laws against national banks; 

•

 the imposition of substantial new fees or taxes on banking organizations or classes of banking organizations; 

•

 limitations on the size of banking organizations or the imposition of heightened costs or burdens associated with asset size; and

•

 the introduction of new resolution authority and processes for entities in the financial services industry. 

Also in response to the recent economic crisis, bank regulatory agencies and international regulatory consultative bodies have proposed or
appear to be considering new regulations and requirements, some of which may be imposed without formal promulgation. These include, but are not limited to: 

•

 new capital and liquidity standards imposing higher levels and different mixes of capital and having new liquidity requirements than those contained in
current regulations; 

12 

Table of Contents

•

 new capital planning actions, including stress testing or similar actions and timing expectations for capital-raising; 

•

 new and accelerated FDIC insurance premiums; 

•

 limitations on the amount and manner of compensation paid to executive officers and employees generally; and 

•

 restrictions on the types of products and services offered by banking organizations. 

Some of these proposals could adversely affect the Company by, among other things: impacting after tax returns earned by financial services
firms in general; limiting the Company’s ability to grow; increasing taxes or fees on some of the Company’s funding or activities; limiting the range of products and services that the Company could offer; exposing the Company to costly
litigation and regulatory actions and increasing the cost of regulatory compliance; requiring the Company to raise capital at inopportune times; and making it difficult for the Company to compete with other banking and nonbanking companies to
recruit and retain executives and other employees. Others of these proposals may actually favorably impact the Company by affecting some of its competitors more adversely than the Company. The ultimate impact of these proposals cannot be predicted,
as it is unclear which, if any, may eventually be enacted into law or regulation. 

Economic and other circumstances, including pressure
to repay TARP preferred stock, may require us to raise capital at times or in amounts that are unfavorable to the Company. 

The Company’s subsidiary banks must maintain certain risk-based and leverage capital ratios as required by their banking regulators and which can change depending upon general economic conditions and their particular condition, risk
profile and growth plans. Compliance with capital requirements may limit the Company’s ability to expand and has required, and may require, capital investment from the Parent. In 2008, we issued shares of preferred stock for $1.4 billion and a
warrant to purchase shares of the Company’s common stock to the U.S. Treasury under TARP. There may be increasing market, regulatory or political pressure on the Company to raise capital to enable it to repay the preferred stock issued to the
U.S. Treasury under TARP at a time or in amounts that may be unfavorable to the Company’s shareholders. These uncertainties and risks created by the legislative and regulatory uncertainties discussed above may themselves increase the
Company’s cost of capital and other financing costs. 

Negative perceptions associated with our continued participation in the U.S.
Treasury’s TARP may adversely affect our ability to retain customers, attract investors, and compete for new business opportunities. 

Several financial institutions which also participated in the CPP have repurchased their TARP preferred stock. There can be no assurance as to the timing or manner in which the Company may repurchase its
TARP preferred stock from the U.S. Treasury. Our customers, employees and counterparties in our current and future business relationships could draw negative implications regarding the strength of the Company as a financial institution based on our
continued participation in the TARP following the exit of one or more of our competitors or other financial institutions. Any such negative perceptions could impair our ability to effectively compete with other financial institutions for business or
to retain high performing employees. If this were to occur, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected, perhaps materially. 

Credit quality has adversely affected us and may continue to adversely affect us. 

Credit risk is one of our most significant risks. The Company’s level of credit quality continued to weaken during 2009 in most loan types and markets in which the Company operates. We expect
continued credit quality weakness over the next few quarters. 

Failure to effectively manage our interest rate risk could adversely
affect us. 

Net interest income is the largest component of the Company’s revenue. The management of interest rate
risk for the Company and all bank subsidiaries is centralized and overseen by an Asset Liability Management Committee appointed by the Company’s Board of Directors. The Company has been successful in its interest rate

13 

Table of Contents

risk management as evidenced by achieving a relatively stable net interest margin over the last several years when interest rates have been volatile and the rate environment challenging. Factors
beyond the Company’s control can significantly influence the interest rate environment and increase the Company’s risk. These factors include competitive pricing pressures for our loans and deposits, adverse shifts in the mix of deposits
and other funding sources, and volatile market interest rates subject to general economic conditions and the policies of governmental and regulatory agencies, in particular the FRB. 

Our ability to maintain adequate sources of funding and liquidity has been and may continue to be adversely affected by market conditions. 

Funding availability, as opposed to funding cost, remained a more important risk factor during 2009, as a global liquidity crisis continued
to affect financial institutions generally, including the Company. However, the Company was able to take a number of actions during the year to augment its capital and liquidity (See “Capital Management” on page 126 in MD&A and Notes
11, 13 and 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on funding availability). It is expected that liquidity stresses will continue to be a risk factor in 2010 for the Company, the Parent and its affiliate banks.

The quality and liquidity of our asset-backed securities investment portfolio has adversely affected us and may continue to adversely
affect us. 

The Company’s asset-backed securities investment portfolio includes collateralized debt obligations
(“CDOs”) collateralized by trust preferred securities issued by banks, insurance companies, and real estate investment trusts (“REITs”) that may have some exposure to construction loan, commercial real estate, and the subprime
markets and/or to other categories of distressed assets. In addition, asset-backed securities also include structured asset-backed collateralized debt obligations (“ABS CDOs”) (also known as diversified structured finance CDOs) which have
minimal exposure to subprime and home equity mortgage securitizations. Factors beyond the Company’s control can significantly influence the fair value and impairment status of these securities. These factors include but are not limited to
defaults and deferrals by debt issuers, rating agency downgrades of securities, lack of market pricing of securities or the return of market pricing that varies from the Company’s current model valuations, rating agency downgrades of monoline
insurers that insure certain asset-backed securities, continued instability in the credit markets, and changes in prepayment rates and future interest rates. See “Investment Securities Portfolio” on page 91 for further details. 

We have been unprofitable and may continue to be unprofitable, and such lack of profitability could have particular adverse effects on us, such as
restricting our ability to pay dividends or requiring a valuation allowance against our deferred tax asset. 

The Parent
and certain of its subsidiary banks have been unprofitable in each of the most recent five quarters. The ability of banks and bank holding companies to pay dividends is restricted by regulatory requirements, including profitability and the need to
maintain required levels of capital. Continuing lack of profitability exposes the Company to the risk that regulators could restrict the ability of our subsidiary banks to pay dividends to the Parent and/or of the Parent to declare and pay dividends
on its common stock, preferred stock or trust preferred securities. It also increases the risk that the Company may have to establish a “valuation allowance” against its net deferred tax asset (“DTA”). The Parent and some of its
subsidiary banks already have some disallowed DTA for regulatory capital purposes. 

We and/or the holders of our securities could be
adversely affected by unfavorable rating actions from rating agencies. 

Our ability to access the capital markets is
important to our overall funding profile. This access is affected by the ratings assigned by rating agencies to us, certain of our affiliates and particular classes of securities that we and our affiliates issue. The interest rates we pay on our
securities are also influenced by, among other things, the credit ratings that we, our affiliates, and/or our securities receive from recognized rating agencies. The rating agencies have in the past downgraded our ratings. Further downgrades could
increase our costs or otherwise have a negative effect on the market price of our securities, our ability to access capital markets, or our results of operations or financial condition. 

14 

Table of Contents

We could be adversely affected by accounting, financial reporting, and regulatory and compliance risk.

The Company is exposed to accounting, financial reporting, and regulatory/compliance risk. The Company provides to its
customers, and uses for its own capital, funding and risk management needs, a number of complex financial products and services. Estimates, judgments and interpretations of complex and changing accounting and regulatory policies are required in
order to provide and account for these products and services. Identification, interpretation and implementation of complex and changing accounting standards as well as compliance with regulatory requirements, therefore pose an ongoing risk.

We could be adversely affected by litigation and legal claims. 

The Company is subject to risks associated with legal claims and litigation. The Company’s exposure to claims and litigation has
increased and may further increase as a result of stresses on customers, counterparties and others arising from the current economic crisis or otherwise. 

We could be adversely affected by failure in our internal controls. 

A failure in our internal controls could have a significant negative impact not only on our earnings, but also on the perception that customers, regulators and investors may have of the Company. We continue to devote a significant amount of
effort, time and resources to improving our controls and ensuring compliance with complex accounting standards and regulations. 

We
could be adversely affected as a result of acquisitions. 

From time to time the Company makes acquisitions including
the acquisition of assets and liabilities of failed banks from the FDIC acting as a receiver. The FDIC-supported transactions are subject to loan loss sharing agreements. Failure to comply with the terms of the agreements could result in the loss of
indemnification from the FDIC. The success of any acquisition depends, in part, on our ability to realize the projected cost savings from the acquisition and on the continued growth and profitability of the acquisition target. We have been
successful with most prior acquisitions, but it is possible that the merger integration process with an acquisition target could result in the loss of key employees, disruptions in controls, procedures and policies, or other factors that could
affect our ability to realize the projected savings and successfully retain and grow the target’s customer base. 

The
Company’s Board of Directors has established an Enterprise Risk Management policy and has appointed an Enterprise Risk Management Committee to oversee and implement the policy. In addition to credit and interest rate risk, the Committee also
monitors the following risk areas: market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance risk, information technology risk, strategic risk, compensation-related risk, and reputation risk.