The
following list describes several risk factors which are significant to the Company including but not limited to: 

The
Company has been and could continue to be negatively affected by adverse economic conditions. 

The United States and
many other countries recently faced a severe economic crisis, including a major recession. These adverse economic conditions have negatively affected, and are likely to continue for some time to adversely affect, the Company’s assets, including
its loans and securities portfolios, capital levels, results of operations, and financial condition. In response to the economic crisis, the United States and other governments established a variety of programs and policies designed to mitigate the
effects of the crisis. These programs and policies appear to have stabilized the severe financial crisis that occurred in the second half of 2008, but the extent to which these programs and policies will assist in an economic recovery or may lead to
adverse consequences, whether anticipated or unanticipated, is still unclear. If these programs and policies are ineffective in bringing about an economic recovery or result in substantial adverse developments, the economic conditions may again
become more severe, or adverse economic conditions may continue for a substantial period of time. Any increase in the severity or duration of adverse economic conditions, including a double dip recession or delay in the recovery, would adversely
affect the Company. 

The limitations on incentive compensation contained in the ARRA, the implementing of its
regulations, and other bank regulations may adversely affect our ability to retain our highest performing employees. 

Because we have not yet repurchased the U.S. Treasury’s CPP investment, we remain subject to the restrictions on incentive
compensation contained in the ARRA. On June 10, 2009, the U.S. Treasury released its interim final rules implementing the provisions of the ARRA and limiting the compensation practices at institutions in which the U.S. Treasury is invested. The
U.S. Treasury has since revised such rules and released written guidance interpreting and expanding on ARRA and the interim final rules. Financial institutions which have repurchased the U.S. Treasury’s CPP investment are relieved of the
restrictions imposed by the ARRA and its implementing regulations and related guidance. Due to these restrictions, we may not be able to successfully compete with financial institutions that have repurchased the U.S. Treasury’s investment to
attract, retain and appropriately incentivize high performing employees. In addition, bank regulatory agencies have published guidance and proposed regulations which limit the manner and amount of compensation that banking organizations provide to
employees. These regulations and guidance may adversely affect our ability to retain key personnel. If we were to suffer such adverse effects with respect to our employees, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be
adversely affected, perhaps materially. 

Our participation in the CPP and other government programs imposes restrictions
and obligations on us that limit our ability to increase dividends, repurchase shares of our stock, and access the equity capital markets. 

The Company has chosen to participate in a number of new programs sponsored by the U.S. Government during the current financial and economic crisis. These programs, including without limitation, the TARP
and its associated CPP, as well as the ARRA and EESA and regulations thereunder, contain important limitations on the Company’s conduct of its business, including limitations on dividends, repurchases of common stock, acquisitions, and
executive compensation. These limitations may adversely impact the Company’s ability to attract nongovernmental capital and to recruit and retain executive management and other personnel and its ability to compete with other American and
foreign financial institutions. One of these programs, the CPP, contains provisions that allow the U.S. Government to unilaterally modify any term or provision of contracts executed under the program. 

13 

Table of Contents

Recently adopted financial reform legislation will impose significant new limitations
on our business activities and subject us to increased regulation and additional costs. 

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act enacted on July 21, 2010 will have material implications for the Company and the entire financial services industry. The Act results in the Company being defined as “systemically important,” which
brings significant additional regulatory oversight and requirements. In addition, among other things, the Act will or potentially could: 

•

 Affect the levels of capital and liquidity with which the Company must operate and how it plans capital and liquidity levels (including a phased-in
elimination of the Company’s existing trust preferred securities as Tier 1 capital); 

•

 Subject the Company to new and/or higher fees paid to various regulatory entities, including but not limited to deposit insurance fees to the FDIC;

•

 Impact the Company’s ability to invest in certain types of entities or engage in certain activities; 

•

 Impact a number of the Company’s business and risk management strategies; 

•

 Regulate the pricing of certain of our products and services and restrict the revenue that the Company generates from certain businesses;

•

 Subject the Company to new capital planning actions, including stress testing or similar actions and timing expectations for capital-raising;

•

 Subject the Company to a new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, with very broad rule-making and enforcement authorities;

•

 Grant authority to state agencies to enforce state and federal laws against national banks; 

•

 Subject the Company to new and different litigation and regulatory enforcement risks; and 

•

 Limit the amount and manner of compensation paid to executive officers and employees generally. 

As the Act requires that many studies be conducted and that hundreds of regulations be written in order to fully implement it, the full
impact of this legislation on the Company, its business strategies, and financial performance cannot be known at this time, and may not be known for a number of years. In addition, the current political environment may lead, in the near future, to
the adoption of new laws and regulations affecting financial institutions. 

U.S. regulatory agencies, in response to the
adoption of Basel III, may require us to raise our capital and liquidity to levels that may exceed those that the market may otherwise consider to be optimal. 

Basel III was adopted in December 2010 by the BCBS. New capital and liquidity requirements are expected to be established by U.S. regulatory agencies in response to Basel III which are higher than
previous levels. Maintaining higher capital and liquidity levels may reduce our profitability and performance measures. 

Economic and other circumstances, including pressure to repay CPP preferred stock, may require us to raise capital at times or in
amounts that are unfavorable to the Company. 

The Company’s subsidiary banks must maintain certain risk-based and
leverage capital ratios as required by their banking regulators which can change depending upon general economic conditions and their particular condition, risk profile and growth plans. Compliance with capital requirements may limit the
Company’s ability to expand and has required, and may require, capital investment from the Parent. In 2008, we issued shares of preferred stock and a warrant to purchase shares of the Company’s common stock to the U.S. Treasury for $1.4
billion under TARP. There may be increasing market, regulatory or political pressure on the 

14 

Table of Contents

Company to raise capital to enable it to repay the preferred stock issued to the U.S. Treasury under TARP at a time or in amounts that may be unfavorable to the Company’s shareholders. These
uncertainties and risks created by the legislative and regulatory uncertainties discussed above may themselves increase the Company’s cost of capital and other financing costs. 

Negative perceptions associated with our continued participation in the U.S. Treasury’s CPP may adversely affect our ability
to retain customers, attract investors, and compete for new business opportunities. 

Several financial institutions
which also participated in the CPP have repurchased their TARP preferred stock. There can be no assurance as to the timing or manner in which the Company may repurchase its Series D Preferred Stock from the U.S. Treasury. Our customers, employees
and counterparties in our current and future business relationships could draw negative implications regarding the strength of the Company as a financial institution based on our continued participation in the CPP following the exit of one or more
of our competitors or other financial institutions. Any such negative perceptions could impair our ability to effectively compete with other financial institutions for business or to retain high performing employees. If this were to occur, our
business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Credit quality has adversely
affected us and may continue to adversely affect us. 

Credit risk is one of our most significant risks. The
Company’s credit quality continued at a weakened level during 2010 in most loan types and markets in which the Company operates. Although most credit quality indicators improved during latter half of 2010, we expect continued credit quality
weakness over the next few quarters. 

Weakness in the economy and in the real estate market, including specific weakness
within the markets where our subsidiary banks do business and within certain of our loan products, has adversely affected us and may continue to adversely affect us. 

Our credit exposure is one of our most significant risks. The company’s level of problem credits remained high as of December 31, 2010. The deterioration in credit quality that started in the
latter half of 2007 has most significantly affected the construction and land development segment of our portfolio. Although virtually all of our markets and lending segments have been adversely affected by the economic recession, the distress has
been mostly concentrated in construction and land development loans in the Southwest states (generally, Arizona, California, and Nevada), which markets have been particularly adversely affected by job losses, declines in residential and commercial
sale volumes and real estate values, and declines in new construction activity. 

Subsequent to the initial deterioration in
construction and land development loans, credit quality deterioration occurred in most loan types and geographies in which the Company operated through the first half of 2010 as general economic conditions weakened throughout the country.

If the strength of the U.S. economy in general and the strength of the local economies in which we and our subsidiary banks
conduct operations decline further, this could result in, among other things, further deterioration in credit quality and/or continued reduced demand for credit, including a resultant adverse effect on the income from our loan portfolio, an increase
in charge-offs and an increase in the allowance for loan and lease losses; if such developments occur, we may be required to raise additional capital. 

Failure to effectively manage our interest rate risk could adversely affect us. 

Net interest income is the largest component of the Company’s revenue. The management of interest rate risk for the Company and all bank subsidiaries is centralized and overseen by an Asset Liability
Management Committee appointed by the Company’s Board of Directors. We have been successful in our interest rate risk 

15 

Table of Contents

management as evidenced by achieving a relatively stable net interest margin over the last several years when interest rates have been volatile and the rate environment challenging; however, a
failure to effectively manage our interest rate risk could adversely affect us. Factors beyond the Company’s control can significantly influence the interest rate environment and increase the Company’s risk. These factors include
competitive pricing pressures for our loans and deposits, adverse shifts in the mix of deposits and other funding sources, and volatile market interest rates subject to general economic conditions and the policies of governmental and regulatory
agencies, in particular the FRB. 

Our ability to maintain required capital levels and adequate sources of funding and
liquidity has been and may continue to be adversely affected by market conditions. 

We are required to maintain certain
capital levels in accordance with banking regulations and any capital requirements imposed by our regulators. We must also maintain adequate funding sources in the normal course of business to support our operations and fund outstanding liabilities.
Our ability to maintain capital levels, sources of funding, and liquidity has been and could continue to be impacted by changes in the capital markets in which we operate and deteriorating economic and market conditions. 

Each of our subsidiary banks must remain well-capitalized and meet certain other requirements for us to retain our status as a financial
holding company. Failure to comply with those requirements could result in a loss of our financial holding company status if such conditions are not corrected within 180 days or such longer period as may be permitted by the Federal Reserve, although
we do not believe that the loss of such status would have an appreciable effect on our operations or financial results. In addition, failure by our bank subsidiaries to meet applicable capital guidelines or to satisfy certain other regulatory
requirements can result in certain activity restrictions or a variety of enforcement remedies available to the federal regulatory authorities that include limitations on the ability to pay dividends, the issuance by the regulatory authority of a
capital directive to increase capital and the termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC. 

Funding availability improved
during 2010 as compared to 2009, as the Company took a number of actions during the year to augment its capital and liquidity. More emphasis was placed upon low-cost funding during 2010 than merely funding availability (See “Capital
Management” on page 84 in MD&A and Notes 12 and 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on funding availability). However, because liquidity stresses are often a consequence of the materialization of
other risks, they will continue to be a risk factor in 2011 and beyond for the Company, the Parent and its affiliate banks. 

The quality and liquidity of our asset-backed investment securities portfolio has adversely affected us and may continue to
adversely affect us. 

The Company’s asset-backed investment securities portfolio includes CDOs collateralized by
trust preferred securities issued by banks, insurance companies, and REITs that may have some exposure to construction loan, commercial real estate, and the subprime markets and/or to other categories of distressed assets. In addition, asset-backed
securities also include structured asset-backed CDOs (also known as diversified structured finance CDOs) which have exposure to subprime and home equity mortgage securitizations. Factors beyond the Company’s control can significantly influence
the fair value and impairment status of these securities. These factors include, but are not limited to, defaults, deferrals, and restructurings by debt issuers, rating agency downgrades of securities, lack of market pricing of securities, or the
return of market pricing that varies from the Company’s current model valuations, and changes in prepayment rates and future interest rates. See “Investment Securities Portfolio” on page 52 for further details. 

We have been unprofitable and may continue to be unprofitable, and such lack of profitability could have particular adverse effects
on us, such as restricting our ability to pay dividends or requiring a valuation allowance against our deferred tax asset. 

We are a holding company that conducts substantially all of its operations through its banking and other subsidiaries. As a result, our ability to make dividend payments on our common stock will depend
primarily 

16 

Table of Contents

upon the receipt of dividends and other distributions from our subsidiaries. We and certain of our subsidiaries have been unprofitable during the last three annual reporting periods. During 2009
and 2010, the noncash accelerated amortization expense caused by subordinated debt holders converting their debt to preferred stock has contributed to our unprofitability. Future conversions of subordinated debt into preferred stock may continue to
contribute to unprofitability. The ability of the Company and our subsidiary banks to pay dividends is restricted by regulatory requirements, including profitability and the need to maintain required levels of capital. Continuing lack of
profitability exposes us to the risk that regulators could restrict the ability of our subsidiary banks to pay dividends and our ability to declare and pay dividends on our common stock, preferred stock or trust preferred securities. It also
increases the risk that the Company may have to establish a “valuation allowance” against its net DTA. The Parent and some of its subsidiary banks already have some disallowed DTA for regulatory capital purposes. 

We and/or the holders of our securities could be adversely affected by unfavorable rating actions from rating agencies.

Our ability to access the capital markets is important to our overall funding profile. This access is affected by the
ratings assigned by rating agencies to us, certain of our affiliates, and particular classes of securities that we and our affiliates issue. The interest rates that we pay on our securities are also influenced by, among other things, the credit
ratings that we, our affiliates, and/or our securities receive from recognized rating agencies. In the past, rating agencies have downgraded our credit ratings. Further downgrades to us, our affiliates, or our securities could increase our costs or
otherwise have a negative effect on our results of operations or financial condition or the market prices of our securities. 

We could be adversely affected by accounting, financial reporting, and regulatory and compliance risk. 

The Company is exposed to accounting, financial reporting, and regulatory/compliance risk. The Company provides to its customers, and uses
for its own capital, funding and risk management needs, a number of complex financial products and services. Estimates, judgments and interpretations of complex and changing accounting and regulatory policies are required in order to provide and
account for these products and services. Identification, interpretation and implementation of complex and changing accounting standards as well as compliance with regulatory requirements, therefore pose an ongoing risk. 

We could be adversely affected by legal and governmental proceedings. 

The Company is subject to risks associated with legal claims, fines, litigation, and regulatory proceedings. The Company’s exposure
to these proceedings has increased and may further increase as a result of stresses on customers, counterparties and others arising from the current economic environment; new regulations promulgated under recently adopted statutes; and the creation
of new examination and enforcement bodies. 

We could be adversely affected by failure in our internal controls.

A failure in our internal controls could have a significant negative impact not only on our earnings, but also on the
perception that customers, regulators and investors may have of the Company. We continue to devote a significant amount of effort, time and resources to improving our controls and ensuring compliance with complex accounting standards and
regulations. 

We could be adversely affected as a result of acquisitions. 

From time to time the Company makes acquisitions including the acquisition of assets and liabilities of failed banks from the FDIC acting
as a receiver. The FDIC-supported transactions are subject to loan loss sharing agreements. Failure to comply with the terms of the agreements could result in the loss of indemnification from the FDIC. The success of any acquisition depends, in
part, on our ability to realize the projected cost 

17 

Table of Contents

savings from the acquisition and on the continued growth and profitability of the acquisition target. We have been successful with most prior acquisitions, but it is possible that the merger
integration process with an acquired company could result in the loss of key employees, disruptions in controls, procedures and policies, or other factors that could affect our ability to realize the projected savings and successfully retain and
grow the target’s customer base. 

The Company’s Board of Directors has established an Enterprise Risk Management
policy and has appointed an Enterprise Risk Management Committee to oversee and implement the policy. In addition to credit and interest rate risk, the Committee also monitors the following risk areas: market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk,
compliance risk, information technology risk, strategic risk, compensation-related risk, and reputation risk.