The following list describes several risk factors which are significant to the Company including but not limited to: 

•

 Credit risk is one of our most significant risks. The Company’s level of credit quality weakened during the latter half of 2007 although it remained relatively
strong compared to historical company and industry standards. The deterioration in credit quality was mainly related to weakness in loans related to residential land acquisition, development and construction in Arizona, California, and Nevada and
could weaken further in 2008. We have not seen any evidence of significant deterioration in other components of our lending portfolio, but worsening economic conditions including further declines in property values could result in deterioration in
other components of the portfolio. Economic conditions in the high growth Southwestern geographical areas in which our banks operate have been weakening and continued economic weakness could result in further deterioration of property values that
could significantly increase the Company’s credit risk. 

•

 Net interest income is the largest component of the Company’s revenue. The management of interest rate risk for the Company and all bank subsidiaries is
centralized and overseen by an Asset Liability Management Committee appointed by the Company’s Board of Directors. The Company has been successful in its interest rate risk management as evidenced by its achieving a relatively stable interest
rate margin over the last several years when interest rates have been volatile and the rate environment challenging. Factors beyond the Company’s control can significantly influence the interest rate environment and increase the Company’s
risk. These factors include competitive pricing pressures for our loans and deposits, adverse shifts in the mix of deposits and other funding sources, and volatile market interest rates subject to general economic conditions and the polices of
governmental and regulatory agencies, in particular the FRB. 

9 

Table of Contents

•

 Funding availability, as opposed to funding cost, became a more important risk factor in the latter half of 2007, as what has been described as a “global
liquidity crisis” affected financial institutions generally, including the Company. It is expected that liquidity stresses will continue to be a risk factor in 2008 for the Company, the Parent and its affiliate banks, and for Lockhart Funding,
LLC (“Lockhart”). 

•

 Zions Bank sponsors an off-balance sheet qualifying special-purpose entity (“QSPE”), Lockhart, which funds its assets by issuing asset-backed commercial
paper. Its assets include AAA-rated securities that are collateralized by small business loans, U.S. Government, agency and other AA-rated securities. Factors beyond the Company’s control can significantly influence whether Lockhart will remain
as an off-balance sheet QSPE and whether the Company will be required to purchase securities and possibly incur losses on the securities from Lockhart under the provisions of a Liquidity Agreement the Company provides to Lockhart. These factors
include Lockhart’s inability to issue asset-backed commercial paper, rating agency downgrades of securities, and instability in the credit markets. 

•

 The Company’s on-balance sheet asset-backed securities investment portfolio includes collateralized debt obligations (“CDOs”) collateralized by trust
preferred securities issued by banks, insurance companies, and real estate investment trusts (“REITs”) that may have some exposure to the subprime market. In addition, asset-backed securities also include structured asset-backed
collateralized debt obligations (“ABS CDOs”) (also known as diversified structured finance CDOs) purchased from Lockhart which have minimal exposure to subprime and home equity mortgage securitizations. Factors beyond the Company’s
control can significantly influence the fair value of these securities and potential adverse changes to the fair value of these securities. These factors include but are not limited to rating agency downgrades of securities, defaults of
collateralized debt issuers, lack of market pricing of securities, rating agency downgrades of monoline insurers that insure certain asset-backed securities, and continued instability in the credit markets. See “Investment Securities
Portfolio” on page 77 for further details. 

•

 The Company is exposed to accounting, financial reporting, and regulatory/compliance risk. The Company provides to its customers a number of complex financial
products and services. Estimates, judgments and interpretations of complex and changing accounting and regulatory policies are required in order to provide and account for these products and services. Identification, interpretation and
implementation of complex and changing accounting standards as well as compliance with regulatory requirements therefore pose an ongoing risk. 

•

 A failure in our internal controls could have a significant negative impact not only on our earnings, but also on the perception that customers, regulators and
investors may have of the Company. We continue to devote a significant amount of effort, time and resources to improving our controls and ensuring compliance with complex accounting standards and regulations. 

•

 As noted previously, U.S. and international regulators have adopted new capital standards commonly known as Basel II. These standards would apply to a number of our
largest competitors and potentially give them a significant competitive advantage over banks that do not adopt these standards. Sophisticated systems and data are required to adopt Basel II standards; the Company does not yet have these systems and
data. While the Company is developing some of the systems, data, and analytical capabilities required to adopt Basel II, adoption is difficult and the Company has not yet decided that it will or can adopt Basel II. 

10 

Table of Contents

More recently, U.S. banking regulators issued the final rule which requires banks with over $250 billion
in consolidated total assets or on-balance sheet foreign exposure of $10 billion (core banks) to adopt the Advanced Approach of Basel II while allowing other banks to elect to “opt in.” We do not currently expect to be an early “opt
in” bank holding company. However, our initial analysis indicates that a significant risk of competitive inequity may exist between banks operating under Basel II and those not using Basel II by potentially allowing Basel II banks to operate
with lower levels of capital for certain lines of business. 

•

 From time to time the Company makes acquisitions. The success of any acquisition depends, in part, on our ability to realize the projected cost savings from the
merger and on the continued growth and profitability of the acquisition target. We have been successful with most prior mergers, but it is possible that the merger and integration process with an acquisition target could result in the loss of key
employees, disruptions in controls, procedures and policies, or other factors that could affect our ability to realize the projected savings and successfully retain and grow the target’s customer base. 

The Company’s Board of Directors established an Enterprise-Wide Risk Management policy
and appointed an Enterprise Risk Management Committee in late 2005 to oversee and implement the policy. In addition to credit and interest rate risk, the Committee also monitors the following risk areas: market risk, liquidity risk, operational
risk, compliance risk, information technology risk, strategic risk, and reputation risk.