The
Company’s Board of Directors has established a Risk Oversight Committee and an Enterprise Risk Management policy and has appointed an Enterprise Risk Management Committee to oversee and implement the policy. In addition to credit and interest
rate risk, the Committee also monitors the following risk areas: market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance risk, information technology risk, strategic risk, compensation-related risk, and reputation risk. 

The following list describes several risk factors which are significant to the Company including but not limited to: 

The Company has been and could continue to be negatively affected by adverse economic conditions. 

The United States and many other countries recently faced a severe economic crisis, including a major recession. These adverse economic
conditions have negatively affected, and are likely to continue for some time to adversely affect, the Company’s assets, including its loans and securities portfolios, capital levels, results of operations, and financial condition. In response
to the economic crisis, the United States and other governments established a variety of programs and policies designed to mitigate the effects of the crisis. These programs and policies appear to have stabilized in the United States the severe
financial crisis that occurred in the second half of 2008, but adverse economic conditions continue to exist in the United States and globally. Concerns about the European Union’s sovereign debt crisis have continued to cause uncertainty for
financial markets globally. It is possible economic conditions may again become more severe or that adverse economic conditions may continue for a substantial period of time. In addition, economic uncertainty resulting from possible changes in the
ratings of sovereign debt issued by the United States and other nations, and fiscal imbalances in the United States, at federal, state and municipal levels, in the European Union and in other countries, combined with political difficulties in
resolving these imbalances, may directly or indirectly adversely impact economic conditions faced by the Company and its customers. Any increase in the severity or duration of adverse economic conditions, including a double-dip recession or delay a
full economic recovery, would adversely affect the Company. 

Our information systems may experience an interruption or
security breach. 

We rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. Any failure,
interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or disruptions in our customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan and other systems. While we have policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit
the effect of the possible failure, interruption or security breach of our information systems, there can be no assurance that any such failure, interruption or security breach will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately
addressed. The occurrence of any failure, interruption or security breach of our information systems could damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose us to civil litigation
and possible financial liability. 

The regulation of incentive compensation under the Dodd-Frank Act, the EESA and the
ARRA may adversely affect our ability to retain our highest performing employees. 

The bank regulatory agencies have
published guidance and proposed regulations which limit the manner and amount of compensation that banking organizations provide to employees. These regulations and guidance may adversely affect our ability to retain key personnel. In addition,
because we have not yet repurchased the 

13 

Table of Contents

U.S. Treasury’s CPP investment, we remain subject to the strict restrictions on incentive compensation contained in the ARRA. Financial institutions which have repurchased the U.S.
Treasury’s CPP investment are relieved of the restrictions imposed by the ARRA. Due to these restrictions, we may not be able to successfully compete with financial institutions that have repurchased the U.S. Treasury’s investment to
attract, retain and appropriately incentivize high performing employees. In addition, bank regulatory agencies have published guidance and proposed regulations which limit the manner and amount of compensation that banking organizations provide to
employees. If we were to suffer such adverse effects with respect to our employees, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected, perhaps materially. 

Stress testing and capital management under Dodd-Frank, as well as the terms of the U.S. Treasury’s CPP investment limit our
ability to increase dividends, repurchase shares of our stock, and access the capital markets. 

Under emerging stress
testing and capital management standards being developed by bank regulatory agencies under Dodd-Frank, as well as the terms of the U.S. Treasury’s CPP investment in us, the bank regulatory agencies have additional authority and processes to
require us to limit our dividends, repurchases of common stock, and access to capital markets for certain types of capital. Among other things, any increase in quarterly dividends not contemplated in our annual capital plan will require FRB
approval. These limitations may adversely impact the Company’s ability to attract nongovernmental capital. 

We have
been unprofitable in two of the last three years and could potentially be unprofitable in the future, and such lack of profitability could have particular adverse effects on us, such as restricting our ability to pay dividends or requiring a
valuation allowance against our deferred tax asset. 

We are a holding company that conducts substantially all of its
operations through its banking and other subsidiaries. As a result, our ability to make dividend payments on our common stock will depend primarily upon the receipt of dividends and other distributions from our subsidiaries. We and certain of our
subsidiaries have been unprofitable during the two of the last three annual reporting periods. During the last three years, the noncash accelerated discount amortization expense caused by subordinated debt holders converting their debt to preferred
stock has contributed to our lack of profitability. Future conversions of subordinated debt into preferred stock may continue to hurt our profitability. The ability of the Company and our subsidiary banks to pay dividends is restricted by regulatory
requirements, including profitability and the need to maintain required levels of capital. Lack of profitability exposes us to the risk that regulators could restrict the ability of our subsidiary banks to pay dividends and our ability to declare
and pay dividends on our common stock, preferred stock or trust preferred securities. It also increases the risk that the Company may have to establish a “valuation allowance” against its net DTA. Some of the Company’s subsidiary
banks have disallowed a portion of their DTA for regulatory capital purposes. 

The Dodd-Frank Act imposes significant
new limitations on our business activities and subjects us to increased regulation and additional costs. 

The
Dodd-Frank Act has material implications for the Company and the entire financial services industry. The Act places significant additional regulatory oversight and requirements on financial institutions, including the Company, with more than $50
billion of assets. In addition, among other things, the Act will or potentially could: 

•

 Affect the levels of capital and liquidity with which the Company must operate and how it plans capital and liquidity levels (including a phased-in
elimination of the Company’s existing trust preferred securities as Tier 1 capital); 

•

 Subject the Company to new and/or higher fees paid to various regulatory entities, including but not limited to deposit insurance fees to the FDIC;

•

 Impact the Company’s ability to invest in certain types of entities or engage in certain activities; 

14 

Table of Contents

•

 Impact a number of the Company’s business and risk management strategies; 

•

 Regulate the pricing of certain of our products and services and restrict the revenue that the Company generates from certain businesses;

•

 Subject the Company to new capital planning actions, including stress testing or similar actions and timing expectations for capital-raising;

•

 Subject the Company to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, with very broad rule-making and enforcement authorities; 

•

 Grant authority to state agencies to enforce state and federal laws against national banks; 

•

 Subject the Company to new and different litigation and regulatory enforcement risks; and 

•

 Limit the amount and manner of compensation paid to executive officers and employees generally. 

Because the responsible agencies are still in the process of proposing and finalizing regulations required under Dodd-Frank, the full
impact of this legislation on the Company, its business strategies, and financial performance cannot be known at this time, and may not be known for some time. Individually and collectively, these proposed regulations resulting from the Dodd-Frank
Act may materially adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

U.S.
regulatory agencies, in response to the adoption of Basel III and Title I of the Dodd-Frank Act, will require us to raise our capital and liquidity to levels that may exceed those that the market considers to be optimal. 

Basel III was adopted in December 2010 by the BCBS and provides an international framework for the establishment of bank capital
standards. Title I of the Dodd-Frank Act requires that banking organizations of our size undergo regular stress testing of their capital, assets and profitability and authorizes bank regulatory agencies to promulgate new capital and liquidity
standards. New capital and liquidity requirements are being developed by U.S. regulatory agencies in response to Basel III and Dodd-Frank which are higher than previous levels. Maintaining higher capital and liquidity levels may reduce our
profitability and performance measures. 

Economic and other circumstances, including pressure to repay CPP preferred
stock, may require us to raise capital at times or in amounts that are unfavorable to the Company. 

The Company’s
subsidiary banks must maintain certain risk-based and leverage capital ratios as required by their banking regulators which can change depending upon general economic conditions and their particular condition, risk profile and growth plans.
Compliance with capital requirements may limit the Company’s ability to expand and has required, and may require, capital investment from the Parent. In 2008, we issued shares of preferred stock and a warrant to purchase shares of the
Company’s common stock to the U.S. Treasury for $1.4 billion under TARP. There may be increasing market, regulatory or political pressure on the Company to raise capital to enable it to repay the preferred stock issued to the U.S. Treasury
under TARP at a time or in amounts that may be unfavorable to the Company’s shareholders. These uncertainties and risks created by the legislative and regulatory uncertainties discussed above may themselves increase the Company’s cost of
capital and other financing costs. 

Negative perceptions associated with our continued participation in the U.S.
Treasury’s CPP may adversely affect our ability to retain customers, attract investors, and compete for new business opportunities. 

Several financial institutions that also participated in the CPP have repurchased their TARP preferred stock. There can be no assurance as to the timing or manner in which the Company may repurchase its
Series D Preferred Stock from the U.S. Treasury. Our customers, employees and counterparties in our current and future business relationships could draw negative implications regarding the strength of the Company as a financial institution based on
our continued participation in the CPP. Any such negative perceptions could impair our 

15 

Table of Contents

ability to effectively compete with other financial institutions for business or to retain high performing employees. If this were to occur, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations may be adversely affected. 

Credit quality has adversely affected us and may continue to adversely affect us.

Credit risk is one of our most significant risks. Although most credit quality indicators continued to improve during
2011, the Company’s credit quality may continue to show weakness in some loan types and markets in which the Company operates in 2012 as the economic recovery progresses. 

Failure to effectively manage our credit concentration or counterparty risk could adversely affect us. 

Increases in concentration or counterparty risk could adversely affect the Company. Concentration risk across our loan and investment portfolios could pose significant additional credit risk to the
Company due to exposures which perform in a similar fashion. The management of concentration risk is centralized and overseen by the Corporate Concentration Risk Committee, which routinely analyzes aggregate exposure, industries, and correlations.
Counterparty risk could also pose additional credit risk, but it is routinely monitored and analyzed. 

Weakness in the
economy and in the real estate market, including specific weakness within the markets where our subsidiary banks do business and within certain of our loan products, has adversely affected us and may continue to adversely affect us.

Credit exposure is one of our most significant risks. The Company’s level of problem credits remained relatively
high as of December 31, 2011. The deterioration in credit quality that started in the latter half of 2007 has most significantly affected the construction and land development segment of our portfolio. Although virtually all of our markets and
lending segments have been adversely affected by the economic recession, the distress has been mostly concentrated in construction and land development loans in the Southwest states (generally, Arizona, California, and Nevada), which markets have
been particularly adversely affected by job losses, declines in residential and commercial sale volumes and real estate values, and declines in new construction activity. 

If the strength of the U.S. economy in general and the strength of the local economies in which we and our subsidiary banks conduct operations decline further, this could result in, among other things,
further deterioration in credit quality and/or continued reduced demand for credit, including a resultant adverse effect on the income from our loan portfolio, an increase in charge-offs and an increase in the allowance for loan and lease losses; if
such developments occur, we may be required to raise additional capital. 

Failure to effectively manage our interest
rate risk, and prolonged periods of low interest rates, could adversely affect us. 

Net interest income is the largest
component of the Company’s revenue. The management of interest rate risk for the Company and all bank subsidiaries is centralized and overseen by an Asset Liability Management Committee appointed by the Company’s Board of Directors. We
have been successful in our interest rate risk management as evidenced by achieving a relatively stable net interest margin over the last several years when interest rates have been volatile and the rate environment challenging; however, a failure
to effectively manage our interest rate risk could adversely affect us. Factors beyond the Company’s control can significantly influence the interest rate environment and increase the Company’s risk. These factors include competitive
pricing pressures for our loans and deposits, adverse shifts in the mix of deposits and other funding sources, and volatile market interest rates subject to general economic conditions and the policies of governmental and regulatory agencies, in
particular the FRB. 

The FRB has stated its expectations that short-term interest rates may remain low through late 2014. Such
a scenario may continue to create or exacerbate margin compression for us as a result of repricing of longer-term loans. 

16 

Table of Contents

Our ability to maintain required capital levels and adequate sources of funding and
liquidity has been and may continue to be adversely affected by market conditions. 

We are required to maintain certain
capital levels in accordance with banking regulations and any capital requirements imposed by our regulators. We must also maintain adequate funding sources in the normal course of business to support our operations and fund outstanding liabilities.
Our ability to maintain capital levels, sources of funding, and liquidity has been and could continue to be impacted by changes in the capital markets in which we operate and deteriorating economic and market conditions. 

Each of our subsidiary banks must remain well-capitalized and meet certain other requirements for us to retain our status as a financial
holding company. Failure to comply with those requirements could result in a loss of our financial holding company status if such conditions are not corrected within 180 days or such longer period as may be permitted by the FRB, although we do not
believe that the loss of such status would have an appreciable effect on our operations or financial results. In addition, failure by our bank subsidiaries to meet applicable capital guidelines or to satisfy certain other regulatory requirements can
result in certain activity restrictions or a variety of enforcement remedies available to the federal regulatory authorities that include limitations on the ability to pay dividends, the issuance by the regulatory authority of a capital directive to
increase capital and the termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC. 

Funding availability continued to improve during 2011.
However, because liquidity stresses are often a consequence of the occurrence of other risks, they will continue to be a risk factor in 2012 and beyond for the Company, the Parent and its affiliate banks. 

The quality and liquidity of our asset-backed investment securities portfolio has adversely affected us and may continue to
adversely affect us. 

The Company’s asset-backed investment securities portfolio includes CDOs collateralized by
trust preferred securities issued by bank holding companies, insurance companies, and REITs that may have some exposure to construction loan, commercial real estate, and the subprime markets and/or to other categories of distressed assets. In
addition, asset-backed securities also include structured asset-backed CDOs (also known as diversified structured finance CDOs) which have exposure to subprime and home equity mortgage securitizations. Factors beyond the Company’s control can
significantly influence the fair value and impairment status of these securities. These factors include, but are not limited to, defaults, deferrals, and restructurings by debt issuers, rating agency downgrades of securities, lack of market pricing
of securities, or the return of market pricing that varies from the Company’s current model valuations, and changes in prepayment rates and future interest rates. See “Investment Securities Portfolio” on page 52 for further details.

We and/or the holders of our securities could be adversely affected by unfavorable rating actions from rating agencies.

Our ability to access the capital markets is important to our overall funding profile. This access is affected by the
ratings assigned by rating agencies to us, certain of our affiliates, and particular classes of securities that we and our affiliates issue. The interest rates that we pay on our securities are also influenced by, among other things, the credit
ratings that we, our affiliates, and/or our securities receive from recognized rating agencies. In the past, rating agencies have downgraded our credit ratings. Further downgrades to us, our affiliates, or our securities could increase our costs or
otherwise have a negative effect on our results of operations or financial condition or the market prices of our securities. 

We could be adversely affected by accounting, financial reporting, and regulatory and compliance risk. 

The Company is exposed to accounting, financial reporting, and regulatory/compliance risk. The level of regulatory/compliance oversight
has been heightened in recent periods as a result of rapid changes in regulations that affect financial institutions. The administration of some of these regulations and related changes has required the Company to comply before their formal
adoption. 

17 

Table of Contents

The Company provides to its customers, and uses for its own capital, funding, and risk
management needs, a number of complex financial products and services. Estimates, judgments, and interpretations of complex and changing accounting and regulatory policies are required in order to provide and account for these products and services.
Changes in our accounting policies or in accounting standards could materially affect how we report our financial results and conditions. Identification, interpretation and implementation of complex and changing accounting standards as well as
compliance with regulatory requirements, therefore pose an ongoing risk. 

We could be adversely affected by legal and
governmental proceedings. 

The Company is subject to risks associated with legal claims, fines, litigation, and
regulatory proceedings. The Company’s exposure to these proceedings has increased and may further increase as a result of stresses on customers, counterparties and others arising from the current economic environment; new regulations
promulgated under recently adopted statutes; and the creation of new examination and enforcement bodies. 

We could be
adversely affected by failure in our internal controls. 

A failure in our internal controls could have a significant
negative impact not only on our earnings, but also on the perception that customers, regulators and investors may have of the Company. We continue to devote a significant amount of effort, time and resources to improving our controls and ensuring
compliance with complex accounting standards and regulations. 

We could be adversely affected as a result of
acquisitions. 

From time to time the Company makes acquisitions including the acquisition of assets and liabilities of
failed banks from the FDIC acting as a receiver. The FDIC-supported transactions are subject to loan loss sharing agreements. Failure to comply with the terms of the agreements could result in the loss of indemnification from the FDIC. The success
of any acquisition depends, in part, on our ability to realize the projected cost savings from the acquisition and on the continued growth and profitability of the acquisition target. We have been successful with most prior acquisitions, but it is
possible that the merger integration process with an acquired company could result in the loss of key employees, disruptions in controls, procedures and policies, or other factors that could affect our ability to realize the projected savings and
successfully retain and grow the target’s customer base.