The following list describes several
 which are significant to the Company including but not limited to: 

•

 The United States and other countries are facing a severe economic crisis. In response the United States and other governments have established a variety of
programs and policies designed to mitigate the effects of the crisis. Many of these programs and policies are unprecedented and untested and may not be effective or may have adverse consequences, whether anticipated or unanticipated. If these
programs and policies are ineffective or result in substantial adverse developments, the economic crisis may become more severe or may continue for a substantial period of time. Any increase in the severity or duration of the economic crisis would
adversely affect the Company. 

•

 The Company has chosen to participate in a number of new programs sponsored by the U.S. Government during the current financial and economic crisis, and in the
future may elect to or be required to participate in these or other, as not yet enacted, programs. The company is therefore subject to the risk that these programs may not be available in the future, or that it will be forced to participate in
programs that it does not believe to be in its best interest or that of its shareholders. These programs, including the TARP and its associated CPP, the TLGP, the TAF, and the CPFF, as well as the ARRA and EESA, contain important limitations on the
Company’s conduct of its business, including limitations on dividends, repurchases of common stock, acquisitions, and executive compensation contained in the CPP and the ARRA. These limitations may adversely impact the Company’s ability to
attract nongovernmental capital and to recruit and retain executive management and other personnel and its ability to compete with other American and foreign financial institutions. One of these programs, the CPP, contains provisions that allow the
U.S. Government to unilaterally modify any term or provision of contracts executed under the program. 

•

 Certain provisions of the ESSA and ARRA and related rules and regulations may lead certain financial institutions to elect not to participate in governmental
programs designed to mitigate the current economic crisis, thereby decreasing the effectiveness of such programs and creating additional stresses on employees and customers of and investors in American financial institutions.

•

 Credit risk is one of our most significant risks. The Company’s level of credit quality continued to weaken during 2008. The deterioration in credit quality is
mainly related to the weakness in residential development and construction activity in the Southwest that started in the latter half of 2007. Although not to the degree experienced in the Southwestern states (generally Arizona, Nevada and
California), some signs of deterioration began to surface in Utah and Idaho during the first quarter of 2008 and in the Texas market in the fourth quarter of 2008. Residential construction and land development loans in Arizona and Nevada remain the
most troubled segments of the portfolio and account for the most meaningful declines in commercial real estate credit quality during the last half of 2008. We expect continued credit quality deterioration over the next few quarters. With the economy
continuing to weaken, there is a risk that credit quality could be adversely impacted throughout our geographic footprint and for other loan types. 

•

 Net interest income is the largest component of the Company’s revenue. The management of interest rate risk for the Company and all bank subsidiaries is
centralized and overseen by an Asset Liability Management Committee appointed by the Company’s Board of Directors. The Company has been successful in its interest rate risk management as evidenced by its achieving a relatively stable net
interest margin over the last several years when interest rates have been volatile and the rate environment challenging. Factors beyond the Company’s control can significantly influence the interest rate environment and increase the
Company’s risk. These factors include competitive pricing pressures for our loans and deposits, adverse shifts in the mix of deposits and other funding sources, and volatile market interest rates subject to general economic conditions and the
policies of governmental and regulatory agencies, in particular the FRB. 

11 

Table of Contents

•

 Funding availability, as opposed to funding cost, became a more important risk factor in the latter half of 2007 and in 2008, as a global liquidity crisis affected
financial institutions generally, including the Company, and is expected to remain an issue in 2009. However, this global liquidity crisis was partially mitigated as the Company strengthened its capital and liquidity during the latter half of 2008,
including raising approximately $300 million of common and preferred equity, a capital investment of $1.4 billion from the U.S. Treasury as part of the Treasury’s CPP, as well as its participation in the TAF, and the TLGP. See “Capital
Management” on page 119 in MD&A and Notes 11 and 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on funding availability. 

•

 It is expected that liquidity stresses will continue to be a risk factor in 2009 for the Company, the Parent and its affiliate banks, and for Lockhart Funding, LLC
(“Lockhart”). Lockhart’s participation in the CPFF has mitigated these stresses for it; however, this program is currently scheduled to expire in October 2009. 

•

 Zions Bank sponsors an off-balance sheet qualifying special-purpose entity (“QSPE”), Lockhart, which funds its assets by issuing asset-backed commercial
paper. Its assets include securities which are rated AAA and AA or guaranteed by the U.S. Government. Factors beyond the Company’s control can significantly influence whether Lockhart will remain as an off-balance sheet QSPE and whether the
Company will be required to purchase, and possibly incur losses, on securities from Lockhart under the provisions of a Liquidity Agreement the Company provides to Lockhart. These factors include Lockhart’s inability to issue asset-backed
commercial paper, expiration of the Federal Reserve’s CPFF without sufficient offsetting market demand for Lockhart’s commercial paper, rating agency downgrades of securities, and instability in the credit markets.

•

 The Company’s on-balance sheet asset-backed securities investment portfolio includes collateralized debt obligations (“CDOs”) collateralized by trust
preferred securities issued by banks, insurance companies, and real estate investment trusts (“REITs”) that may have some exposure to the subprime market and/or to other categories of distressed assets. In addition, asset-backed securities
also include structured asset-backed collateralized debt obligations (“ABS CDOs”) (also known as diversified structured finance CDOs) purchased from Lockhart which have minimal exposure to subprime and home equity mortgage securitizations.
Factors beyond the Company’s control can significantly influence the fair value of these securities and potential adverse changes to the fair value of these securities. These factors include but are not limited to rating agency downgrades of
securities, defaults of debt issuers, lack of market pricing of securities, rating agency downgrades of monoline insurers that insure certain asset-backed securities, and continued instability in the credit markets. See “Investment Securities
Portfolio” on page 85 for further details. 

•

 The Company is exposed to accounting, financial reporting, and regulatory/compliance risk. The Company provides to its customers a number of complex financial
products and services. Estimates, judgments and interpretations of complex and changing accounting and regulatory policies are required in order to provide and account for these products and services. Identification, interpretation and
implementation of complex and changing accounting standards as well as compliance with regulatory requirements, including the BSA and various Know Your Customer, Identity Theft Red Flag, and Anti-Money Laundering regulations, therefore pose an
ongoing risk. 

•

 The Company is subject to risks associated with legal claims and litigation. The Company’s exposure to claims and litigation may increase as a result of
stresses on customers, counterparties and others arising from the current economic crisis. 

•

 A failure in our internal controls could have a significant negative impact not only on our earnings, but also on the perception that customers, regulators and
investors may have of the Company. We continue to devote a significant amount of effort, time and resources to improving our controls and ensuring compliance with complex accounting standards and regulations. 

•

 As noted previously, U.S. and international regulators have adopted new capital standards commonly known as Basel II. As a bank holding company with less than $250
billion in consolidated total assets 

12 

Table of Contents

and on-balance sheet foreign exposure of less than $10 billion, we can but are not required to adopt the Advanced Approach of Basel II. We have not as yet
chosen to adopt it. However, these standards would apply to a number of our largest competitors and potentially give them a competitive advantage over banks that do not adopt these standards. Whether or not this competitive disparity emerges, the
Company is continuing to develop systems, data and analytical capabilities that both enhance our internal risk management process and help facilitate Basel II adoption, if we choose to do so in the future. 

•

 From time to time the Company makes acquisitions. The success of any acquisition depends, in part, on our ability to realize the projected cost savings from the
merger and on the continued growth and profitability of the acquisition target. We have been successful with most prior mergers, but it is possible that the merger integration process with an acquisition target could result in the loss of key
employees, disruptions in controls, procedures and policies, or other factors that could affect our ability to realize the projected savings and successfully retain and grow the target’s customer base. 

The Company’s Board of Directors established an Enterprise-Wide Risk Management policy and appointed an Enterprise Risk Management Committee in 2005
to oversee and implement the policy. In addition to credit and interest rate risk, the Committee also monitors the following risk areas: market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance risk, information technology risk, strategic risk, and
reputation risk.