The following list describes several risk factors which are significant to the Company: 

•

 Credit risk is one of our most significant risks. Over the last three years we have experienced historically high levels of credit quality. We do not see any
indications that credit quality will deteriorate significantly, but it is unlikely that we will be able to maintain credit quality at these levels indefinitely. Economic conditions in the high growth geographical areas in which our banks operate
have been strong, but events could result in weaker economic conditions including deterioration of property values that could significantly increase the Company’s credit risk. 

•

 Net interest income is the largest component of the Company’s revenue. The management of interest rate risk for the Company and all bank subsidiaries is
centralized and overseen by an Asset Liability Management Committee appointed by the Company’s Board of Directors. The Company has been successful in its interest rate risk management as evidenced by its achieving a relatively stable interest
rate margin over the last several years when interest rates have been volatile and the rate environment challenging. Factors beyond the Company’s control can significantly influence the interest rate environment and increase the Company’s
risk. These factors include competitive pricing pressures for our loans and deposits and volatile market interest rates subject to general economic conditions and the polices of governmental and regulatory agencies, in particular the FRB.

•

 The Company is exposed to accounting, financial reporting, and regulatory/compliance risk. The Company provides to its customers a number of complex financial
products and services. Estimates, judgments and interpretations of complex and changing accounting and regulatory policies are required in order to provide and account for these products and services. Identification, interpretation and
implementation of complex and changing accounting standards as well as compliance with regulatory requirements therefore pose an ongoing risk. 

•

 A failure in our internal controls could have a significant negative impact not only on our earnings, but also on the perception that customers, regulators and
investors may have of the Company. We continue to devote a significant amount of effort, time and resources to improving our controls and ensuring compliance with complex accounting standards and regulations. 

•

 We have a number of business initiatives that, while we believe they will ultimately produce profits for our shareholders, currently generate expenses in excess of
revenues. Two significant initiatives are Contango, a wealth management business started in 2004, and NetDeposit, a subsidiary that provides electronic check processing systems. Our management of these businesses takes into account the development
of revenues and control of expenses so that results of operations are not adverse to an extent that is not warranted by the expected opportunities these businesses provide. 

•

 As noted previously, U.S. and international regulators have proposed new capital standards commonly known as Basel II. These standards would apply to a number of
our largest competitors and potentially give them a significant competitive advantage over 

9 

Table of Contents

banks that do not adopt these standards. Sophisticated systems and data are required to adopt Basel II standards; the Company does not yet have these systems
and data. While the Company is developing some of the systems, data, and analytical capabilities required to adopt Basel II, adoption is difficult and the Company has not yet decided that it will or can adopt Basel II. More recently, U.S. banking
regulators issued another NPR which might reduce competitive inequities for modifications to the Basel I framework for those banks not adopting Basel II, called Basel IA. The Basel IA NPR will allow non-Basel II banking organizations the choice of
adopting all of the revisions suggested in the proposed NPR or continuing the use of existing risk-based capital rules. However, our initial analysis indicates that a significant risk of competitive inequity would persist between banks operating
under Basel IA and those using Basel II by potentially allowing Basel II banks to operate with lower levels of capital for certain lines of business. 

•

 From time to time the Company makes acquisitions. The success of any acquisition depends, in part, on our ability to realize the projected cost savings from the
merger and on the continued growth and profitability of the acquisition target. We have been successful with most prior mergers, but it is possible that the merger and integration process with an acquisition target could result in the loss of key
employees, disruptions in controls, procedures and policies, or other factors that could affect our ability to realize the projected savings and successfully retain and grow the target’s customer base. 

The Company’s Board of Directors has established an Enterprise-Wide Risk Management
policy and appointed an Enterprise Risk Management Committee to oversee and implement the policy. In addition to credit and interest rate risk, the Committee also oversees and monitors the following risk areas: market risk, liquidity risk,
operational risk, information technology risk, strategic risk, and reputation risk.