The following list describes several risk factors which are significant to the Company: 

•

In December 2005 the Company completed its merger with Amegy Bancorporation, Inc. The success of the merger will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the projected cost
savings from the merger and on the continued growth and profitability of Amegy. We have been successful with prior mergers, but it is possible that the merger and integration process with Amegy could result in the loss of key employees, disruptions
in controls, procedures and policies, or other factors that could affect our ability to realize the projected savings and successfully retain and grow the Amegy customer base. 

•

Credit risk is one of our most significant risks. Over the last two years we have experienced historically high levels of credit quality. We do not see any indications that credit
quality will significantly deteriorate, but it is unlikely that we will be able to maintain credit quality at these levels indefinitely. Economic conditions in the high growth geographical areas in which our banks operate have been strong, but
events could result in weaker economic conditions including deterioration of property values that could significantly increase the Company’s credit risk. 

•

Net interest income is the largest component of the Company’s revenue. The management of interest rate risk for the Company and all bank subsidiaries is centralized and
overseen by an Asset Liability Management Committee appointed by the Company’s Board of Directors. The Company has been successful in its interest rate risk management as evidenced by its achieving a relatively stable interest rate margin over
the last several years when interest rates have been volatile and the rate environment challenging. Factors beyond the Company’s control can significantly influence the interest rate environment and increase the Company’s risk. These
factors include competitive pricing pressures for our loans and deposits and volatile market interest rates subject to general economic conditions and the polices of governmental and regulatory agencies, in particular the Federal Reserve Board.

•

The Company is exposed to accounting, financial reporting, and regulatory/compliance risk. The Company provides to its customers a number of complex financial products and services.
Estimates, judgments and interpretations of complex and changing accounting and regulatory policies are required in order to provide and account for these products and services. Identification, interpretation and implementation of complex and
changing accounting standards as well as compliance with regulatory requirements therefore pose an ongoing risk. 

•

A failure in our internal controls could have a significant negative impact not only on our earnings, but also on the perception that customers, regulators and investors may have of
the Company. We continue to devote a significant amount of effort, time and resources to improving our controls and ensuring compliance with complex accounting standards and regulations. 

•

 We have a number of business initiatives that, while we believe they will ultimately produce profits for our shareholders, currently generate expenses in excess of
revenues. Two significant initiatives are Contango, a wealth 

5 

management business started in 2004, and NetDeposit, a subsidiary that provides electronic check processing systems. Our management of these businesses takes into account the
development of revenues and control of expenses so that results of operations are not adverse to an extent that is not warranted by the opportunities these businesses provide. 

•

U.S. and international regulators have proposed new capital standards commonly known as “Basel II”. These standards would apply to a number of our largest competitors, and
potentially give them a significant competitive advantage. Sophisticated systems and data are required in order to adopt Basel II standards; the Company is developing but does not yet have these systems and data. More recently, U.S. banking
regulators have proposed a possible “Basel 1a” standard that they think might reduce competitive inequities. However, our initial analysis indicates that a significant risk of competitive inequity would persist between banks operating
under Basel 1a and those using Basel II. 

The Company’s
Board of Directors has established an Enterprise-wide Risk Management policy and appointed an Enterprise Risk Management Committee to oversee and implement the policy. In addition to credit and interest rate risk, the Committee also oversees and
monitors the following risk areas: market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, information technology risk, strategic risk, and reputation risk.